
 10-K
 1
 d663205d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 


 
    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549    FORM  10-K 
   (Mark One)  
 
 
 ☒ 
   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018
   OR      
 
 
 ☐ 
   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM
             TO                 Commission File Number:  001-33551       
 


 
    The Blackstone Group L.P.    (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Delaware 
   
 20-8875684 
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
   
   (I.R.S. Employer   Identification No.) 
   345 Park Avenue    New York, New York 10154    (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip
Code)    (212)  583-5000   
 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)  
       
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of each class 
   
   Name of each exchange on which registered 


 
 Common units representing limited partner interests 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes  ☒    No  ☐    Indicate by check mark if the
Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes  ☐    No  ☒  
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes  ☒    No  ☐    Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T  (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).    Yes  ☒    No  ☐  
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation  S-K 
(§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the Registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form  10-K  or any amendment to this Form  10-K.  ☒     Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a  non-accelerated  filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule  12b-2  of the
Exchange Act.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
   Large accelerated filer  ☒ 
    
 Accelerated filer  ☐ 
 
   Non-accelerated  filer  ☐ 
    
 Smaller reporting company  ☐ 
 
 
    
 Emerging growth company  ☐ 
   If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the
extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐    Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule  12b-2  of the
Act).    Yes  ☐    No  ☒    The aggregate market value of
the common units of the Registrant held by  non-affiliates  as of June 29, 2018 was approximately $21.3 billion.    The number of the Registrant’s voting common units representing limited partner interests outstanding as of February 22, 2019 was 658,590,547.  
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE    None          
   
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Page 
   


 
 PART I.  
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 1. 
    
   BUSINESS 
    
   
 5 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
    
   RISK FACTORS 
    
   
 19 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
    
   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
    
   
 75 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 2. 
    
   PROPERTIES 
    
   
 75 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 3. 
    
   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
   
 75 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 4. 
    
   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
   
 76 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 PART II.  
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 5. 
    
   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
 
    
   
 77 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 6. 
    
   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
    
   
 80 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 7. 
    
   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS 
    
   
 82 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
    
   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
   
 142 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 8. 
    
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
    
   
 146 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 8A. 
    
   UNAUDITED SUPPLEMENTAL PRESENTATION OF STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
    
   
 222 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 9. 
    
   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE 
    
   
 224 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
    
   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
   
 224 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
    
   OTHER INFORMATION 
    
   
 225 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 PART III.  
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 10. 
    
   DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
    
   
 226 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 11. 
    
   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
    
   
 232 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 12. 
    
   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS 
    
   
 254 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 13. 
    
   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
    
   
 257 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 14. 
    
   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
    
   
 265 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 PART IV.  
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 15. 
    
   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
    
   
 266 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 16. 
    
   FORM  10-K  SUMMARY 
    
   
 277 
   
 
 
 
 
   SIGNATURES  
    
   
 278 
   
 
      1  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Forward-Looking Statements  
 This report may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations, financial performance, and unit repurchase and distribution activities. You can identify these
forward-looking statements by the use of words such as “outlook,” “indicator,” “believes,” “expects,” “potential,” “continues,” “may,” “will,” “should,”
“seeks,” “approximately,” “predicts,” “intends,” “plans,” “estimates,” “anticipates” or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking
statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. We believe these factors
include but are not limited to those described under the section entitled “Risk Factors” in this report, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”), which are accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report and in our
other periodic filings. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments
or otherwise.    Website and Social Media Disclosure    We use our website (www.blackstone.com), Facebook page (www.facebook.com/blackstone), Twitter (www.twitter.com/blackstone), LinkedIn (www.linkedin.com/company/blackstonegroup), Instagram
(www.instagram.com/blackstone), SoundCloud (www.soundcloud.com/blackstone-300250613), PodBean (www.blackstone.podbean.com), Spotify (https://open.spotify.com/show/1PqaIgd12KgRN8rlijBhE7) and YouTube (www.youtube.com/user/blackstonegroup) accounts as
channels of distribution of company information. The information we post through these channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these channels, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public
conference calls and webcasts. In addition, you may automatically receive email alerts and other information about Blackstone when you enroll your email address by visiting the “Contact Us/Email Alerts” section of our website at
http://ir.blackstone.com. The contents of our website, any alerts and social media channels are not, however, a part of this report.      
     In this report,
references to “Blackstone,” the “Partnership,” “we,” “us” or “our” refer to The Blackstone Group L.P. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this
report to the ownership of Mr. Stephen A. Schwarzman, our founder, and other Blackstone personnel include the ownership of personal planning vehicles and family members of these individuals.  
 “Blackstone Funds,” “our funds” and “our investment funds” refer to the private equity funds, real estate
funds, funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, credit-focused funds, collateralized loan obligations (“CLO”), real estate investment trusts and registered investment companies that are managed by Blackstone. “Our carry funds” refers
to the private equity funds, real estate funds and certain of the hedge fund solutions and credit-focused funds (with multi-year drawdown, commitment-based structures that only pay carry on the realization of an investment) that are managed by
Blackstone. We refer to our general corporate private equity funds as Blackstone Capital Partners (“BCP”) funds, our energy-focused private equity funds as Blackstone Energy Partners (“BEP”) funds, our core private equity fund as
Blackstone Core Equity Partners (“BCEP”), our opportunistic investment platform that invests globally across asset classes, industries and geographies as Blackstone Tactical Opportunities (“Tactical Opportunities”), our secondary
fund of funds business as Strategic Partners Fund Solutions (“Strategic Partners”), our infrastructure focused funds as Blackstone Infrastructure Partners (“BIP”), our multi-asset investment program for eligible high net worth
investors offering exposure to certain of our key illiquid investment strategies through a single commitment as Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution (“BTAS”) and our capital markets services business as Blackstone Capital Markets
(“BXCM”). We refer to our real estate opportunistic funds as Blackstone Real Estate Partners (“BREP”) funds and our real estate debt investment funds as Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies
 
      2  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
(“BREDS”) funds. We refer to our core+ real estate funds, which target substantially stabilized assets in prime markets, as Blackstone Property Partners (“BPP”) funds. We
refer to our real estate investment trusts as “REITs”, to Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., our NYSE-listed REIT, as “BXMT”, and to Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., our
 non-exchange  traded REIT, as “BREIT”. “Our hedge funds” refers to our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, certain of our real estate debt investment funds, including a registered investment
company, and certain other credit-focused funds which are managed by Blackstone. “BIS” refers to Blackstone Insurance Solutions, which partners with insurers to deliver bespoke, capital-efficient investments tailored to each insurer’s
needs and risk profile. “BXLS” refers to Blackstone Life Sciences, a private investment platform with capabilities to invest across the life-cycle of companies and products within the key life sciences sectors.  
 “Assets Under Management” refers to the assets we manage. Our Assets Under Management equals the sum of:  
   
 
 
   
 (a) 
   the fair value of the investments held by our carry funds and our
 side-by-side  and  co-investment  entities managed by us, plus (1) the capital that we are entitled to call from investors in
those funds and entities pursuant to the terms of their respective capital commitments, including capital commitments to funds that have yet to commence their investment periods, or (2) for certain credit-focused funds the amounts available to
be borrowed under asset based credit facilities,      
 
 
   
 (b) 
   the net asset value of (1) our hedge funds and real estate debt carry funds, BPP, certain
 co-investments  managed by us, and our Hedge Fund Solutions carry and drawdown funds (plus, in each case, the capital that we are entitled to call from investors in those funds, including commitments yet to
commence their investment periods), and (2) our funds of hedge funds, our Hedge Fund Solutions registered investment companies, and BREIT,      
 
 
   
 (c) 
   the invested capital, fair value or net asset value of assets we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,  
   
 
 
   
 (d) 
   the amount of debt and equity outstanding for our CLOs during the reinvestment period,  
   
 
 
   
 (e) 
   the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, for our CLOs after the reinvestment period,
     
 
 
   
 (f) 
   the gross or net amount of assets (including leverage where applicable) for our credit-focused registered investment companies, and
     
 
 
   
 (g) 
   the fair value of common stock, preferred stock, convertible debt, or similar instruments issued by BXMT.  
 Our carry funds are commitment-based drawdown structured funds that do not permit investors to redeem their interests at their election.
Our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, funds structured like hedge funds and other open ended funds in our Hedge Fund Solutions, Credit and Real Estate segments generally have structures that afford an investor the right to withdraw or redeem their
interests on a periodic basis (for example, annually or quarterly), typically with 30 to 95 days’ notice, depending on the fund and the liquidity profile of the underlying assets. Investment advisory agreements related to certain separately
managed accounts in our Hedge Fund Solutions and Credit segments, excluding our BIS separately managed accounts, may generally be terminated by an investor on 30 to 90 days’ notice.  
 “Fee-Earning  Assets Under Management” refers to the assets we manage on which we derive
management fees and/or performance revenues. Our  Fee-Earning  Assets Under Management equals the sum of:      
 
 
   
 (a) 
   for our Private Equity segment funds and Real Estate segment carry funds, including certain BREDS and Hedge Fund Solutions funds, the amount
of capital commitments, remaining invested capital, fair value, net asset value or par value of assets held, depending on the fee terms of the fund,      
 
 
   
 (b) 
   for our credit-focused carry funds, the amount of remaining invested capital (which may include leverage) or net asset value, depending on the
fee terms of the fund,  
      3  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 (c) 
   the remaining invested capital or fair value of assets held in  co-investment  vehicles managed by us on
which we receive fees,      
 
 
   
 (d) 
   the net asset value of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, BPP, certain  co-investments  managed by
us, certain registered investment companies, BREIT, and certain of our Hedge Fund Solutions drawdown funds,      
 
 
   
 (e) 
   the invested capital, fair value of assets or the net asset value we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,
     
 
 
   
 (f) 
   the net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated core earnings of BXMT, subject to certain adjustments,
     
 
 
   
 (g) 
   the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, of our CLOs, and  
   
 
 
   
 (h) 
   the gross amount of assets (including leverage) or the net assets (plus leverage where applicable) for certain of our credit-focused
registered investment companies.    Each of our segments may include certain
 Fee-Earning  Assets Under Management on which we earn performance revenues but not management fees.    Our calculations of assets under management and  fee-earning  assets under management may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result this
measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. In addition, our calculation of assets under management includes commitments to, and the fair value of, invested capital in our funds from Blackstone and our
personnel, regardless of whether such commitments or invested capital are subject to fees. Our definitions of assets under management and  fee-earning  assets under management are not based on any definition of
assets under management and  fee-earning  assets under management that is set forth in the agreements governing the investment funds that we manage.  
 For our carry funds, total assets under management includes the fair value of the investments held, whereas  fee-earning  assets under management includes the amount of capital commitments, the remaining amount of invested capital at cost depending on whether the investment period has or has not expired or the fee terms of
the fund. As such,  fee-earning  assets under management may be greater than total assets under management when the aggregate fair value of the remaining investments is less than the cost of those investments.
   “Perpetual Capital” refers to the component of assets under management with an indefinite term, that is not in
liquidation, and for which there is no requirement to return capital to investors through redemption requests in the ordinary course of business, except where funded by new capital inflows. Perpetual Capital includes
 co-investment  capital with an investor right to convert into Perpetual Capital.    This
report does not constitute an offer of any Blackstone Fund.  
      4  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART I.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 1. 
   BUSINESS  
 Overview    Blackstone is a
leading global alternative asset manager, with Total Assets Under Management of $472.2 billion as of December 31, 2018. As stewards of public funds, we look to drive outstanding results for our investors and clients by deploying capital
and ideas to help businesses succeed and grow. Our alternative asset management businesses include investment vehicles focused on real estate, private equity, hedge fund solutions, credit, secondary funds of funds and multi-asset class strategies.
We also provide capital markets services.    All of Blackstone’s businesses use a solutions oriented approach to drive
better performance. We believe our scale, diversified business, long track record of investment performance, rigorous investment approach and strong client relationships, position us to continue to perform well in a variety of market conditions,
expand our assets under management and add complementary businesses.    Two of our primary limited partner constituencies are
public and corporate pension funds. As a result, to the extent our funds perform well, it supports a better retirement for millions of pensioners.    In addition, because we are a global firm with a footprint on nearly every continent, our investments can make a difference around the world. We are committed to making our portfolio companies stronger in
ways that can have positive impacts on local economies.    As of December 31, 2018, we employed approximately 2,615 people,
including our 147 senior managing directors, at our headquarters in New York and around the world. We believe hiring, training and retaining talented individuals coupled with our rigorous investment process has supported our excellent investment
record over many years. This record in turn has allowed us to successfully and repeatedly raise additional assets from an increasingly wide variety of sophisticated investors.    Business Segments    Our four business segments are: (a) Real Estate,
(b) Private Equity, (c) Hedge Fund Solutions and (d) Credit.    Information about our business segments should be
read together with “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the historical financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form  10-K.     Real Estate    Our Real Estate group was founded in 1991 and is one of the largest real estate investment managers in the world, with $136.2 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2018. We
operate as one globally integrated business with 545 employees and investments in North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America. Our Real Estate investment team seeks to establish a differentiated view and capitalizes on our scale and proprietary
information advantages to invest with conviction and generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our investors over the long-term.    Our Blackstone Real Estate Partners funds are geographically diversified and target a broad range of “opportunistic” real estate and real estate related investments. The BREP funds include
global funds as well as funds focused specifically on Europe or Asia investments. We seek to acquire high quality, well-located yet undermanaged assets at an attractive basis, address any property or business issues through active asset management
and sell the assets once our business plan is accomplished. BREP has made significant investments in hotels, office buildings, industrial assets, residential and shopping centers, as well as a variety of real estate operating companies.  
      5  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We launched Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies, our real estate debt platform, in
2008. Our BREDS vehicles target debt investment opportunities collateralized by commercial real estate. BREDS invests in both public and private markets, primarily in the U.S. and Europe. BREDS’ scale and investment mandates enable it to
provide a variety of lending options for our borrowers and investment options for our investors, including mezzanine loans, senior loans and liquid securities. The BREDS platform includes a number of high yield and high grade real estate debt funds,
liquid real estate debt funds and Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., a NYSE-listed REIT.    We launched our core+ real estate
business, Blackstone Property Partners, in 2013 and have assembled a global portfolio of high quality core+ investments across the U.S., Europe and Asia. We manage several core+ real estate funds, which target substantially stabilized assets in
prime markets with a focus on industrial, multifamily, office and retail assets. The funds generate returns through both current income and value appreciation over the long-term.  
 We launched Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, a  non-exchange  traded REIT, in 2017. BREIT is
focused on investing primarily in stabilized income-oriented commercial real estate in the United States.    For more
information concerning the revenues and fees we derive from our Real Estate segment, see “— Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure” in this Item 1.    Private Equity    Our Private Equity segment, established in 1987, is
a global business with approximately 445 employees managing $130.7 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2018. We are a world leader in private equity investing, having managed seven general private equity funds,
three sector-focused funds and one geographically-focused fund since we established the business. We are focused on identifying, managing and creating lasting value for our investors. Our Private Equity segment includes our corporate private equity
business, which consists of Blackstone Capital Partners, our flagship private equity funds, our sector-focused funds, including our energy-focused funds (Blackstone Energy Partners) and our Asia-focused fund. The principal component of our Private
Equity segment is our corporate private equity business. Our corporate private equity business consists of: (a) our flagship private equity funds, Blackstone Capital Partners, (b) our sector-focused funds, including our energy-focused
funds, Blackstone Energy Partners, (c) our Asia-focused fund and (d) our core private equity fund, Blackstone Core Equity Partners, which targets control-oriented investments in high quality companies with durable businesses and seeks to
offer a lower level of risk and a longer hold period than traditional private equity. In addition, our Private Equity segment includes (a) our opportunistic investment platform that invests globally across asset classes, industries and
geographies, Blackstone Tactical Opportunities, (b) our secondary fund of funds business, Strategic Partners Fund Solutions, (c) our infrastructure-focused funds, Blackstone Infrastructure Partners, (d) our life sciences private
investment platform, Blackstone Life Sciences, (e) our multi-asset investment program for eligible high net worth investors offering exposure to certain of Blackstone’s key illiquid investment strategies through a single commitment,
Blackstone Total Alternatives Solutions and (f) our capital markets services business, Blackstone Capital Markets.    Our
corporate private equity business pursues transactions throughout the world across a variety of transaction types, including large buyouts,  mid-cap  buyouts, buy and build platforms (which involve multiple
acquisitions behind a single management team and platform) and growth equity/development projects (which involve significant minority investments in operating companies and greenfield development projects in energy and power). Our private equity
business’s investment strategies and core themes continually evolve, in anticipation of, or in response to, changes in the global economy, local markets, regulation, capital flows and geopolitical trends. We seek to construct a differentiated
portfolio of investments with a well-defined, interventionist, post-acquisition value creation strategy. Similarly, we seek investments that can generate strong unlevered returns regardless of entry or exit cycle timing. Finally, when we can
identify sectors or geographies in which the demand for capital greatly exceeds the readily available supply, our corporate private equity business seeks to make investments at or near book value where it can create goodwill or franchise value
through post-acquisition actions.  
      6  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Tactical Opportunities is our opportunistic investment platform. The Tactical
Opportunities mandate invests globally across asset classes, industries and geographies, seeking to identify and execute on attractive, differentiated investment opportunities. As part of the strategy, the team leverages the intellectual capital
across Blackstone’s various businesses while continuously optimizing its approach in the face of ever-changing market conditions. Tactical Opportunities’ flexible mandate leads to a diversified portfolio of investments across a broad range
of structures, including private and public securities and instruments and where the underlying exposure may be to equity or debt.    Strategic Partners, our secondary fund of funds business was established in 2000 and acquired by Blackstone in 2013. Strategic Partners is a total fund solutions provider. As a secondary investor it
acquires interests in high quality private funds from original holders seeking liquidity. Strategic Partners focuses on a range of opportunities in underlying funds such as leveraged buyout, real estate, infrastructure, venture and growth capital,
credit and other types of funds, as well as  co-investments  alongside financial sponsors. Strategic Partners also provides investment advisory services to separately managed account clients investing in primary
and secondary investments in private funds and  co-investments.     Blackstone
Infrastructure Partners was established in 2017 and targets a diversified mix of core+, core and public-private partnership investments across the energy infrastructure, transportation, water and waste and communications sectors, with a primary
focus in North America. BIP applies a disciplined, value-added, operationally intensive investment approach to investments in the infrastructure asset class. BIP expects to generate returns through both current income and value appreciation over the
long-term.    For more information concerning the revenues and fees we derive from our Private Equity segment, see
“— Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure” in this Item 1.    Hedge Fund Solutions  
 The largest component of our Hedge Fund Solutions segment is Blackstone Alternative Asset Management (“BAAM”). BAAM is the
world’s largest discretionary allocator to hedge funds, managing a broad range of commingled and customized hedge fund of fund solutions since its inception in 1990. The Hedge Fund Solution segment also includes investment platforms that seed
new hedge fund businesses, purchase minority ownership interests in more established hedge funds, invest in special situations opportunities, create alternative solutions in the form of mutual funds and Undertakings for Collective Investments in
Transferable Securities (“UCITS”) and invest directly. Working with our clients over the past 20 plus years, our Hedge Fund Solutions group has developed into a leading manager of institutional funds with approximately 265 employees
managing $77.8 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2018. Hedge Fund Solutions’ overall investment philosophy is to protect and grow investors’ assets through both commingled and custom-tailored investment
strategies designed to deliver compelling risk-adjusted returns and mitigate risk. Diversification, risk management, due diligence and a focus on downside protection are key tenets of our approach. For more information concerning the revenues and
fees we derive from our Hedge Fund Solutions segment, see “— Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure” in this Item 1.  
 Credit    Our
Credit segment, with $127.5 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2018 and approximately 410 employees, consists principally of GSO Capital Partners LP (“GSO”). GSO is one of the largest credit
alternative asset managers in the world and is the largest manager of CLOs globally. The investment portfolios of the funds we manage or  sub-advise  predominantly consist of loans and securities of  non-investment  grade companies spread across the capital structure including senior debt, subordinated debt, preferred stock and common equity.  
 The GSO business is organized into three overarching strategies: performing credit, distressed and long only. Our performing credit
strategies include mezzanine lending funds, middle market direct lending funds and other  
      7  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
performing credit strategy funds. Our distressed strategies include credit alpha strategies, stressed/distressed funds and energy strategies. GSO’s long only strategies consist of CLOs,
closed end funds, open ended funds and separately managed accounts.    In addition, our Credit segment includes our publicly
traded master limited partnership (“MLP”) investment platform, which is managed by Harvest Fund Advisors LLC (“Harvest”). Harvest, which was founded in 2005 and subsequently acquired by Blackstone in 2017, primarily invests
capital raised from institutional investors in separately managed accounts and pooled vehicles, investing in publicly traded MLPs holding primarily midstream energy assets in the U.S.  
 Our Credit segment also includes our insurer-focused platform, BIS. BIS partners with insurers to deliver customizable and diversified
portfolios of Blackstone products across asset classes, as well as the option for full management of insurance companies’ investment portfolios.    Pátria Investments    On October 1, 2010, we purchased a 40%
equity interest in Pátria Investments Limited and Pátria Investimentos Ltda. (collectively, “Pátria”). Pátria is a leading alternative asset manager in Latin America that was founded in 1988. As of
December 31, 2018, Pátria’s alternative asset management businesses had $13.2 billion in assets under management, including the management of private equity funds ($7.5 billion), infrastructure funds ($4.2 billion),
real estate funds ($1.0 billion) and new initiatives ($440.4 million). Pátria has approximately 275 employees and is led by a group of three managing partners. Our investment in Pátria is a minority,  non-controlling  investment, which we record using the equity method of accounting. We have representatives on Pátria’s board of directors in proportion to our ownership, but we do not control the  day-to-day  management of the firm or the investment decisions of their funds, all of which continues to reside with the local Brazilian partners.  
 Investment Process and Risk Management    We maintain a rigorous investment process across all of our funds, accounts and other investment vehicles. Each fund, account or other vehicle has investment policies and procedures that generally contain
requirements and limitations for investments, such as limitations relating to the amount that will be invested in any one investment and the types of industries or geographic regions in which the fund, account or other vehicle will invest, as well
as limitations required by law. The investment committees of our businesses review and evaluate investment opportunities in a framework that includes a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the key risks of each investment.  
 Real Estate Funds  
 Our Real Estate investment professionals are responsible for selecting, evaluating, structuring, diligencing, negotiating, executing,
managing and exiting investments, as well as pursuing operational improvements and value creation. After an initial screening process during which the investment team evaluates general business and market investment criteria, the investment team
conducts a more detailed underwriting, evaluation and diligence of the investment. The regional investment teams meet once a week to discuss investments under various stages of review. Our real estate operation has one global investment review
process to consider and approve all investments. The relevant team of investment professionals (i.e., the deal team) generally submits a proposed transaction for review and approval by a review or investment committee depending on the size, region
and type of investment. Our investment and review committees are composed of senior leaders of the firm and select senior managing directors of our Real Estate segment, including individuals based on the location and sector of the proposed
transaction. Considerations that the investment and review committees take into account when evaluating an investment include the quality of the business or asset in which the fund proposes to invest, likely exit strategies, factors that could
reduce the value of a business or asset upon sale, environmental, social and governance, or ESG, issues and macroeconomic trends in the relevant geographic region.  
      8  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The investment professionals of our real estate funds are responsible for monitoring an
investment once it is made and for making recommendations with respect to exiting an investment. In addition to members of a deal team and our dedicated asset management team, which is responsible for assisting in enhancing portfolio companies’
operations and value, our real estate professionals meet regularly to discuss new significant investment opportunities, reinvestment opportunities within the current portfolio and potential dispositions.  
 Private Equity Funds    Our private equity investment professionals are responsible for selecting, evaluating, structuring, diligencing, negotiating, executing, managing and exiting investments, as well as pursuing operational
improvements and value creation. After an initial selection, evaluation and diligence process, the relevant team of investment professionals (i.e., the deal team) submits a proposed transaction for review by the review committee of our private
equity funds. Review committee meetings are led by an executive committee of several senior managing directors of our Private Equity segment. Following assimilation of the review committee’s input and its decision to proceed, the proposed
investment is vetted by the investment committee, similar to that described under “— Real Estate Funds”. The investment committee is responsible for approving all investment decisions made on behalf of our private equity funds.
Considerations that the investment committee takes into account when evaluating an investment include the quality of a business in which the fund proposes to invest and the quality of the management team of such business, expected levered and
unlevered returns of the investment in a variety of investment scenarios, the ability of the company in which the investment is made to service debt in a range of economic and interest rate environments, environmental, social and governance, or ESG,
issues and macroeconomic trends in the relevant geographic region.    The investment professionals of our private equity funds
are responsible for monitoring an investment once it is made and for making recommendations with respect to exiting an investment. In addition to members of a deal team and our portfolio operations group, which is responsible for assisting in
enhancing portfolio companies’ operations and value, all professionals in our private equity business meet several times each year to review the performance of the funds’ portfolio companies.  
 Tactical Opportunities has a substantially similar process to the private equity process described above, with the exception of the
composition of the review and investment committee. The Tactical Opportunities review committee is comprised of senior managing directors of the Tactical Opportunities business and a senior managing director of our private equity business, and the
investment committee is comprised of senior leaders of the firm and key leaders of each business unit.    Strategic Partners is
a total fund solutions provider and focuses on acquiring, among other things, secondary interests in private funds from original holders seeking liquidity. After rigorous, highly analytical investment due diligence, the Strategic Partners investment
professionals present a proposed transaction to the group’s investment committee. The Strategic Partners investment committee is comprised of senior members of our Strategic Partners business. The investment committee meets to review, and
decide whether to approve or deny, transactions. The investment professionals on the Strategic Partners team are responsible for monitoring each investment once it is made.    BIP has one global investment committee, similar to that described under “— Real Estate Funds”, and applies uniform standards regardless of geography or sector. The BIP review committee and
investment committee are each comprised of Mr. Schwarzman and other senior leaders of the firm, the Global Head of Infrastructure and key leaders of our private equity and credit-focused businesses.  
 Hedge Fund Solutions    Before deciding to invest in a new hedge fund or with a new hedge fund manager, our Hedge Fund Solutions team conducts due diligence, including an  on-site 
“front office” review of the fund’s/manager’s performance, investment terms, investment strategy and investment personnel, a “back office” review of the fund’s/manager’s
 
      9  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
operations, processes, risk management and internal controls, industry reference checks and a legal review of the investment structures and legal documents. For our direct investing platform, our
Hedge Fund Solutions team conducts due diligence on the underlying investment. In each case, once initial due diligence procedures are completed and the investment and other professionals are satisfied with the results of the review, the team
typically will present the potential investment to the relevant Hedge Fund Solutions investment committee. The investment committees are comprised of relevant senior managing directors and senior investment personnel. Existing investments are
reviewed and monitored on a regular basis.    Credit    Each of our credit-focused funds has an investment committee similar to that described under “— Real Estate Funds”. The investment committees for the credit-focused funds include senior
members of the respective investment teams associated with each credit-focused fund. The investment committees review potential transactions, provide input regarding the scope of due diligence and approve recommended investments and dispositions,
subject to delineated exceptions set forth in the funds’ investment committee charters.    The investment decisions for the
customized credit long only clients and other clients whose portfolios are actively traded, including those advised by BIS, are made or reviewed by separate investment committees, each of which is composed of certain of the group’s respective
senior managing directors, managing directors and other investment professionals. The investment team is staffed by professionals within research, portfolio management, trading and capital formation to ensure active management of the portfolios.
Industry-focused research analysts provide the committee with a formal and comprehensive review of new investment recommendations. Our portfolio managers and trading professionals discuss technical aspects of the recommendation as well as the risks
associated with the overall portfolio composition with investment analysts. Investments are subject to predetermined periodic reviews to assess their continued fit within the funds. Our research team monitors the operating performance of the
underlying issuers, while portfolio managers, in concert with our traders, focus on optimizing asset composition to maximize value for our investors.    Harvest has an investment committee that is comprised of Harvest investment professionals, including senior members of the investment team. The investment committee oversees Harvest’s portfolio of
investments and manages all security selection decisions for Harvest’s funds and separately managed accounts.    Structure and Operation
of Our Investment Vehicles    Our private investment funds are generally organized as limited partnerships with respect to
U.S. domiciled vehicles and limited partnership, limited liability and other similar entities with respect to  non-U.S.  domiciled vehicles. In the case of our separately managed accounts, the investor, rather
than us, generally controls the investment vehicle that holds or has custody of the investments we advise the vehicle to make. We conduct the sponsorship and management of our carry funds and other similar vehicles primarily through a partnership
structure in which limited partnerships organized by us accept commitments and/or funds for investment from institutional investors and, to a more limited extent, high net worth individuals. Such commitments are generally drawn down from investors
on an  as-needed  basis to fund investments (or for other permitted purposes) over a specified term. With the exception of certain core+ real estate and certain real estate debt funds, our private equity and
private real estate funds are commitment structured funds. For certain BPP and BREDS funds, all or a portion of the committed capital is funded on or promptly after the investor’s subscription date and cash proceeds resulting from the
disposition of investments can be reused indefinitely for further investment, subject to certain investor withdrawal rights. Our real estate business also includes BXMT, BREIT, and a registered investment company complex, each of which is externally
managed or advised by Blackstone-owned entities. Our credit-focused funds are generally commitment structured funds or open ended where the investor’s capital is fully funded into the fund upon or soon after the subscription for interests in
the fund. The CLO vehicles we manage are structured investment vehicles that are generally private companies with limited liability. Most of our funds of hedge funds as well as our hedge funds
 
      10  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
are structured as funds where the investor’s capital is fully funded into the fund upon the subscription for interests in the fund. BIS is generally structured around separately managed
accounts.    Our investment funds, separately managed accounts and other vehicles not domiciled in the European Economic Area
(“EEA”) are generally advised by a Blackstone entity serving as investment adviser that is registered under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or “Advisers Act.” For our investment funds, separately managed accounts and
other vehicles domiciled in the EEA, a Blackstone entity domiciled in the EEA generally serves as external alternative investment fund manager (“AIFM”), and the AIFM typically delegates its portfolio management function to a
Blackstone-affiliated investment advisor registered under the Advisers Act. Substantially all of the  day-to-day  operations of each investment vehicle are typically
carried out by the Blackstone entity serving as investment adviser or AIFM, as applicable, pursuant to an investment advisory, investment management, AIFM or other similar agreement. Generally, the material terms of our investment advisory and AIFM
agreements, as applicable, relate to the scope of services to be rendered by the investment adviser or the AIFM to the applicable vehicle, the calculation of management fees to be borne by investors in our investment vehicles, the calculation of and
the manner and extent to which other fees received by the investment adviser or the AIFM, as applicable, from funds or fund portfolio companies serve to offset or reduce the management fees payable by investors in our investment vehicles and certain
rights of termination with respect to our investment advisory and AIFM agreements. With the exception of the registered funds described below, the investment vehicles themselves do not generally register as investment companies under the U.S.
Investment Company Act of 1940, or “1940 Act,” in reliance on the statutory exemptions provided by Section 3(c)(7), Section 7(d) or Section 3(c)(5)(C) thereof or, typically in the case of vehicles formed prior to 1997,
Section 3(c)(1) thereof. Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act exempts from its registration requirements investment vehicles privately placed in the United States whose securities are owned exclusively by persons who, at the time of acquisition
of such securities, are “qualified purchasers” as defined under the 1940 Act. Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act exempts from its registration requirements certain companies engaged primarily in investment in mortgages and other liens
or investments in real estate. Section 3(c)(1) of the 1940 Act exempts from its registration requirements privately placed investment vehicles whose securities are beneficially owned by not more than 100 persons. In addition, under current
interpretations of the SEC, Section 7(d) of the 1940 Act exempts from registration any  non-U.S.  investment vehicle all of whose outstanding securities are beneficially owned either by  non-U.S.  residents or by U.S. residents that are qualified purchasers. BXMT is externally managed by a Blackstone-owned entity pursuant to a management agreement, conducts its operations in a manner that allows it
to maintain its REIT qualification and also avail itself of the statutory exemption provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act. BREIT is externally advised by a Blackstone-owned entity pursuant to an advisory agreement, conducts its
operations in a manner that allows it to maintain its REIT qualification and also avails itself of the statutory exemption provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act.    In some cases, one or more of our investment advisers, including within GSO, BAAM and BREDS advisers, advises or  sub-advises  funds registered under the 1940 Act. In
addition to having an investment adviser, each investment fund that is a limited partnership, or “partnership” fund, also has a general partner that generally makes all operational and investment decisions, including the making, monitoring
and disposing of investments. The limited partners of the partnership funds generally take no part in the conduct or control of the business of the investment funds, have no right or authority to act for or bind the investment funds and have no
influence over the voting or disposition of the securities or other assets held by the investment funds. With the exception of certain of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, certain credit-focused and real estate debt funds, and other funds or
separately managed accounts for the benefit of one or more specified investors, third party investors in our funds have the right to remove the general partner of the fund or to accelerate the termination of the investment fund without cause by a
simple majority vote. In addition, the governing agreements of our investment funds provide that in the event certain “key persons” in our investment funds do not meet specified time commitments with regard to managing the fund, then
(a) investors in certain funds have the right to vote to terminate the investment period by a specified percentage (including, in certain cases a simple majority) vote in accordance with specified procedures, or accelerate the withdrawal of
their capital on an  investor-by-investor  basis, or (b) the fund’s investment period will automatically terminate and a specified percentage (including, in
certain cases a simple majority) in accordance with specified procedures is required to restart it. In addition, the governing agreements of some of our investment funds  
      11  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
provide that investors have the right to terminate, for any reason, the investment period by a vote of 75% of the investors in such fund.    Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure    Management Fees  
 The following describes the management fees received by the Blackstone investment advisers and AIFM.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The investment adviser of each of our  non-EEA  domiciled carry funds and the AIFM of each of our EEA domiciled
carry funds generally receives an annual management fee based upon a percentage of the fund’s capital commitments, invested capital and/or undeployed capital during the investment period and the fund’s invested capital or investment fair
value after the investment period, except that the investment adviser or AIFM to certain of our credit-focused carry/incentive funds, BPP funds and BCEP receive an annual management fee that is based upon a percentage of invested capital or net
asset value throughout the term of the fund. These management fees are payable on a regular basis (typically quarterly) in the contractually prescribed amounts over the life of the fund. Depending on the base upon which management fees are
calculated, negative performance of one or more investments in the fund may reduce the total management fee paid, but not the fee rate.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The investment adviser of each of our funds that are structured like hedge funds, or of our funds of hedge funds, registered mutual funds and
separately managed accounts that invest in hedge funds, generally receives an annual management fee that is based upon a percentage of the fund’s or account’s net asset value. These management fees are also payable on a regular basis
(typically quarterly). These funds generally provide investors liquidity through annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly withdrawal or redemption rights, in some cases following the expiration of a specified period of time when capital may not be
withdrawn. Daily redemption rights are generally provided in the case of registered mutual funds. The amount of management fees to which the investment adviser is entitled with respect thereto will proportionately increase as the net asset value of
each investor’s capital account grows and will proportionately decrease as the net asset value of each investor’s capital account decreases. In addition, to the extent the mandate of our funds is to invest capital in third party managed
hedge funds, as is the case with our funds of hedge funds, our funds will be required to pay management fees to such third party managers, which typically are borne by investors in such investment vehicles.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The investment adviser of each of our CLOs typically receives annual management fees based upon a percentage of each fund’s assets, subject to
certain performance measures related to the underlying assets the vehicle owns, and additional management fees which are incentive-based (that is, subject to meeting certain return criteria). These management fees are also payable on a regular basis
(typically quarterly). The term of each CLO varies from deal to deal and may be subject to early redemption or extension; typically, however, a CLO will be wound down within eight to eleven years of being launched. The quantum of fees will decrease
as the fund deleverages toward the end of its term.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The investment adviser of each of our separately managed accounts generally receives annual management fees typically based upon a percentage of each
account’s net asset value or invested capital. The management fees we receive from each of our separately managed accounts are generally paid on a regular basis (typically quarterly) and if based on net asset value may proportionately increase
or decrease based on the net asset value of the separately managed account. The management fees we are paid for managing a separately managed account will generally be subject to contractual rights the investor has to terminate our management of an
account on generally as short as 30 days’ prior notice.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The investment adviser of each of our credit-focused registered and  non-registered  investment companies
typically receives annual management fees based upon a percentage of each company’s net asset value or total managed assets. The management fees we receive from the registered investment companies we manage are generally paid on a regular basis
(typically quarterly) and proportionately increase or decrease based on the net asset value or gross assets of the investment company. The management fees we are paid  
      12  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
   
for managing the investment company will generally be subject to contractual rights the company’s board of directors has to terminate our management of an account on as short as 30
days’ prior notice.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The investment adviser of BXMT receives annual management fees based upon a percentage of BXMT’s net proceeds received from equity offerings and
accumulated “core earnings” (which is generally equal to its net income, calculated under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”), excluding certain
 non-cash  and other items), subject to certain adjustments. The management fees we receive from managing BXMT are paid quarterly and increase or decrease based on, among other things, BXMT’s net proceeds
received from equity offerings and accumulated core earnings (subject to certain adjustments).      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The investment adviser of BREIT receives a management fee based on a percentage of the REIT’s net asset value, payable monthly.
   For additional information regarding the management fee rates we receive, see “Part II. Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Policies — Revenue Recognition — Management and Advisory Fees, Net.”  
 Incentive Fees  
 Incentive fees generally are performance based allocations of a fund’s net capital appreciation during a period, typically annually,
subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, high water marks, and/or other hurdle provisions, in accordance with the respective terms set out in each fund’s governing agreements. Incentive fees are typically realized at the end of the
measurement period. Once realized, such fees are typically not subject to clawback or reversal. The following describes the incentive fees earned generally by Blackstone.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In our Hedge Fund Solutions segment, the investment adviser of our funds of hedge funds, certain hedge funds, separately managed accounts that invest
in hedge funds and certain  non-U.S.  registered investment companies, is entitled to an incentive fee of 0% to 25%, as applicable, of the applicable investment vehicle’s net appreciation, subject to high
water mark hurdle provisions and in some cases a preferred return. In addition, to the extent the mandate of our funds is to invest capital in third party managed hedge funds, as is the case with our funds of hedge funds, our funds will be required
to pay incentive fees to such third party managers, which typically are borne by investors in such investment vehicles.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The general partners or similar entities of each of our real estate and credit hedge fund structures receive incentive fees of generally up to 20% of
the applicable fund’s net capital appreciation per annum.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The external manager of BXMT is entitled to an incentive fee, payable quarterly, in an amount, not less than zero, equal to the product of (a) 20% and
(b) the excess of (i) BXMT’s core earnings for the previous  12-month  period over (ii) an amount equal to 7% per annum multiplied by BXMT’s average outstanding equity (as defined in the
management agreement), provided that BXMT’s core earnings over the prior three-year period are greater than zero.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The special limited partner of BREIT, is entitled to a performance participation interest, which is paid annually and accrues monthly, in an amount
equal to 12.5% of its total return, subject to a 5% hurdle amount and a high water mark with a  catch-up.       
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The general partner of certain open ended BPP funds is entitled to an incentive fee allocation of generally 10% of net capital appreciation, subject to
a hurdle amount generally of 6% to 7%, a loss recovery amount and a  catch-up.  Incentive Fees for these funds are generally realized every three years from when a limited partner makes its initial investment.
   Performance Allocations    The general partner or an affiliate of each of our carry funds is entitled to a disproportionate allocation of the income otherwise allocable to the limited partners of such fund, commonly referred to as
carried interest  
      13  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
(“Performance Allocations”). Our ability to generate carried interest is an important element of our business and has historically accounted for a very significant portion of our
income.    The carried interest is typically structured as a net profits interest in the applicable fund. In the case of our
carry funds, carried interest is calculated on a “realized gain” basis, and each general partner (or affiliate) is generally entitled to a carried interest equal to 20% of the net realized income and gains (generally taking into account
realized and unrealized or net unrealized losses) generated by such fund, except that the general partners (or affiliates) of certain of our credit-focused BREDS, BPP, Tactical Opportunities and secondary funds of funds, BTAS and BCEP, are generally
entitled to a carried interest that ranges between 10% and 20%, depending on the specific fund (subject to variation across our business units and funds). Net realized income or loss is not netted between or among funds, and in some cases our carry
funds provide for carried interest on current income distributions (subject to certain conditions).    For most carry funds, the
carried interest is subject to an annual preferred limited partner return ranging from 5% to 8%, subject to a  catch-up  allocation to the general partner. Some of our carry funds (e.g., our Tactical
Opportunities funds generally and certain BIS funds) do not provide for a preferred return, and generally the terms of our carry funds vary in certain respects across our business units and vintages. If, at the end of the life of a carry fund (or
earlier with respect to certain of our real estate, real estate debt, core+ real estate, credit-focused and multi-asset class and/or opportunistic investment funds), as a result of diminished performance of later investments in a carry fund’s
life, (a) the general partner receives in excess of the relevant carried interest percentage(s) applicable to the fund as applied to the fund’s cumulative net profits over the life of the fund, or (in certain cases) (b) the carry fund
has not achieved investment returns that exceed the preferred return threshold (if applicable), then we will be obligated to repay an amount equal to the carried interest that was previously distributed to us that exceeds the amounts to which the
relevant general partner was ultimately entitled on an after-tax basis. This is known as a “clawback” obligation and is an obligation of any person who received such carried interest, including us and other participants in our carried
interest plans.    Although a portion of any distributions by us to our unitholders may include any carried interest received by
us, we do not intend to seek fulfillment of any clawback obligation by seeking to have our unitholders return any portion of such distributions attributable to carried interest associated with any clawback obligation. To the extent we are required
to fulfill a clawback obligation, however, our general partner may determine to decrease the amount of our distributions to common unitholders. The clawback obligation operates with respect to a given carry fund’s own net investment performance
only and carried interest of other funds is not netted for determining this contingent obligation. Moreover, although a clawback obligation is several, the governing agreements of most of our funds provide that to the extent another recipient of
carried interest (such as a current or former employee) does not fund his or her respective share of the clawback obligation then due, then we and our employees who participate in such carried interest plans may have to fund additional amounts
(generally an additional 50% to 70% beyond our  pro-rata  share of such obligation) although we retain the right to pursue any remedies that we have under such governing agreements against those carried interest
recipients who fail to fund their obligations. We have recorded a contingent repayment obligation equal to the amount that would be due on December 31, 2018, if the various carry funds were liquidated at their current carrying value.
   For additional information concerning the clawback obligations we could face, see “— Item 1A. Risk
Factors  — We may not have sufficient cash to pay back ‘clawback’ obligations if and when they are triggered under the governing agreements with our investors.”    Advisory and Transaction Fees    Some of our investment advisers or
one of their affiliates, particularly real estate, private equity and credit-focused advisers, receive customary fees (for example, acquisition, origination and other transaction fees) upon consummation of their funds’ transactions, and may
from time to time receive advisory, monitoring and other fees in connection with their activities. For most of the funds where we receive such fees, we are required to reduce the  
      14  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
management fees charged to the funds’ limited partners by 50% to 100% of such limited partner’s share of such fees.    Capital Invested In and Alongside Our Investment Funds    To further align
our interests with those of investors in our investment funds, we have invested the firm’s capital and that of our personnel in the investment funds we sponsor and manage. Minimum general partner capital commitments to our investment funds are
determined separately with respect to our investment funds and, generally, are less than 5% of the limited partner commitments of any particular fund. See “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources” for more information regarding our minimum general partner capital commitments to our funds. We determine whether to make general partner capital commitments to our funds in excess
of the minimum required commitments based on, among other things, our anticipated liquidity, working capital and other capital needs. In many cases, we require our senior managing directors and other professionals to fund a portion of the general
partner capital commitments to our funds. In other cases, we may from time to time offer to our senior managing directors and employees a part of the funded or unfunded general partner commitments to our investment funds. Our general partner capital
commitments are funded with cash and not with carried interest or deferral of management fees.    Investors in many of our funds
also receive the opportunity to make additional  “co-investments”  with the investment funds. Our personnel, as well as Blackstone itself, also have the opportunity to make  co-investments,  which we refer to as  “side-by-side  investments,” with many of our carry funds.
 Co-investments  and  side-by-side  investments are investments in portfolio companies or other assets on the same terms and
conditions as those acquired by the applicable fund.  Co-investments  refer to investments arranged by us that are made by our limited partner investors (and other investors in some instances) in a portfolio
company or other assets alongside an investment fund. In certain cases, limited partner investors may pay additional management fees or carried interest in connection with such  co-investments.   Side-by-side  investments are similar to  co-investments  but are made by directors, officers, senior managing directors, employees and
certain affiliates of Blackstone. These investments are generally made pursuant to a binding election, subject to certain limitations, made once a year for the estimated activity during the ensuing 12 months under which those persons are permitted
to make investments alongside a particular carry fund in all transactions of that fund for that year.  Side-by-side  investments are funded in cash and are not generally
subject to management fees or carried interest.    Competition    The asset management industry is intensely competitive, and we expect it to remain so. We compete both globally and on a regional, industry and sector basis. We compete on the basis of a number of
factors, including investment performance, transaction execution skills, access to capital, access to and retention of qualified personnel, reputation, range of products and services, innovation and price.  
 We face competition both in the pursuit of outside investors for our investment funds and in acquiring investments in attractive
portfolio companies and making other investments. Although many institutional and individual investors have increased the amount of capital they commit to alternative investment funds, such increases may create increased competition with respect to
fees charged by our funds. Certain institutional investors are demonstrating a preference to  in-source  their own investment professionals and to make direct investments in alternative assets without the
assistance of private equity advisers like us. We compete for investments with such institutional investors and such institutional investors could cease to be our clients.    Depending on the investment, we face competition primarily from sponsors managing other private equity funds, specialized investment funds, hedge funds and other pools of capital, other financial
institutions and institutional investors (including sovereign wealth and pension funds), corporate buyers and other parties. Several of these competitors have significant amounts of capital and many of them have investment objectives similar to
ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities. Some of these competitors may also have a  
      15  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
lower cost of capital and access to funding sources or other resources that are not available to us, which may create competitive disadvantages for us with respect to investment opportunities. In
addition, some of these competitors may have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and to bid more aggressively than us for investments.
Corporate buyers may be able to achieve synergistic cost savings with regard to an investment or be perceived by sellers as otherwise being more desirable bidders, which may provide them with a competitive advantage in bidding for an investment.
   In all of our businesses, competition is also intense for the attraction and retention of qualified employees. Our ability to
continue to compete effectively in our businesses will depend upon our ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate our existing employees.    For additional information concerning the competitive risks that we face, see “— Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — The asset management business is intensely
competitive.”    Employees    As of December 31, 2018, we employed approximately 2,615 people, including our 147 senior managing directors. We strive to maintain a work environment that fosters professionalism, excellence,
integrity and cooperation among our employees.    Regulatory and Compliance Matters  
 Our businesses, as well as the financial services industry generally, are subject to extensive regulation in the United States and
elsewhere.    All of the investment advisers of our investment funds operating in the U.S. are registered as investment advisers
with the SEC (other investment advisers are registered in  non-U.S.  jurisdictions). Registered investment advisers are subject to the requirements and regulations of the Advisers Act. Such requirements relate
to, among other things, fiduciary duties to clients, maintaining an effective compliance program, solicitation agreements, conflicts of interest, recordkeeping and reporting requirements, disclosure, advertising and custody requirements, limitations
on agency cross and principal transactions between an adviser and advisory clients, and general anti-fraud prohibitions.  
 Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P., a subsidiary of ours through which we conduct our capital markets business and certain of our fund
marketing and distribution, is registered as a broker-dealer with the SEC and is subject to regulation and oversight by the SEC, is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or “FINRA,” and is registered as a broker-dealer
in 50 states, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. In addition, FINRA, a self-regulatory organization subject to oversight by the SEC, adopts and enforces rules governing the conduct, and examines the
activities, of its member firms, including our broker-dealer entity. State securities regulators also have regulatory oversight authority over our broker-dealer entity.    Broker-dealers are subject to regulations that cover all aspects of the securities business, including, among others, the implementation of a supervisory control system over the securities business,
advertising and sales practices, conduct of and compensation in connection with public securities offerings, maintenance of adequate net capital, record keeping and the conduct and qualifications of employees. In particular, as a registered
broker-dealer and member of FINRA, Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P. is subject to the SEC’s uniform net capital rule,  Rule 15c3-1.  Rule  15c3-1  specifies the
minimum level of net capital a broker-dealer must maintain and also requires that a significant part of a broker-dealer’s assets be kept in relatively liquid form. The SEC and various self-regulatory organizations impose rules that require
notification when net capital falls below certain predefined criteria, limit the ratio of subordinated debt to equity in the capital structure of a broker-dealer and constrain the ability of a broker-dealer to expand its business under certain
circumstances. Additionally, the SEC’s uniform net  
      16  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
capital rule imposes certain requirements that may have the effect of prohibiting a broker-dealer from distributing or withdrawing capital and requiring prior notice to the SEC for certain
withdrawals of capital.    In addition, certain of the closed ended and open ended mutual funds and investment management
companies we manage, advise or  sub-advise  are registered under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act and the rules thereunder govern, among other things, the relationship between us and such investment vehicles and limit
such investment vehicles’ ability to enter into certain transactions with us or our affiliates, including other funds managed, advised or  sub-advised  by us.  
 Pursuant to the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, or “FSMA,” certain of our subsidiaries are subject to regulations
promulgated and administered by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”). The Blackstone Group International Partners LLP (“BGIP”) acts as a  sub-advisor  to its Blackstone U.S. affiliates in
relation to the investment and  re-investment  of Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”)-based assets of Blackstone funds as well as arranging transactions to be entered into by or on behalf of
Blackstone funds. BGIP also acts as a distributor of Blackstone funds in EMEA. BGIP has a Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (2007) (“MiFID”) cross-border passport to provide investment advisory services within the European
Economic Area (“EEA”). BGIP’s principal place of business is in London and it has Representative Offices in the Dubai International Financial Centre (“DIFC”), Milan and Paris. GSO Capital Partners International LLP
(“GSO U.K.”) is also authorized and regulated by the FCA in the United Kingdom. As of November 1, 2018, GSO U.K. no longer carried out any business activities. GSO U.K. has a MiFID cross-border passport to provide investment advisory
services and investment management within the EEA. GSO U.K.’s principal place of business is in London. The FSMA and rules promulgated thereunder form the cornerstone of legislation which governs all aspects of our investment business in the
United Kingdom, including sales, research and trading practices, provision of investment advice, use and safekeeping of client funds and securities, regulatory capital, recordkeeping, approval standards for individuals, anti-money laundering,
periodic reporting and settlement procedures. Blackstone Property Management Limited is authorized and regulated by the FCA in the United Kingdom as a property management and advisory company with the ability to administer contracts of insurance.
   Blackstone / GSO Debt Funds Management Europe Limited (“DFME”) is authorized and regulated by the Central Bank of
Ireland (“CBI”) as an Investment Firm under the European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2007. DFME’s principal activity is the provision of management and advisory services to certain CLO and  sub-advisory  services to certain affiliates. Blackstone / GSO Debt Funds Management Europe II Limited (“DFME II”) is authorized and regulated by the CBI as an Alternative Investment Fund Manager under the
European Union (Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations) 2013 (“AIFMRs”). DFME II provides investment management functions including portfolio management, risk management, administration, marketing and related activities to its
alternative investment funds in accordance with AIFMRs and the conditions imposed by the CBI as set out in the CBI’s alternative investment fund rulebook.    Blackstone Europe Fund Management S.à r.l. (“BEFM”) is an approved Alternative Investment Fund Manager under the European Union Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the
“AIFMD”). BEFM may also provide discretionary portfolio management services and investment advice in accordance with article 5(4) of the Luxembourg Law of 12 July 2013 on alternative investment fund managers, as amended. BEFM provides
investment management functions including portfolio management, risk management, administration, marketing and related activities to its alternative investment funds in accordance with AIFMD and the conditions imposed by the Commission de
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (“CSSF”) in Luxembourg. BEFM has a branch entity established in Denmark.    Certain
Blackstone operating entities are licensed and subject to regulation by financial regulatory authorities in Japan, Hong Kong, Australia and Singapore: The Blackstone Group Japan K.K., a financial instruments firm, is registered with Kanto Local
Finance Bureau  (Kin-sho  No. 1785) and regulated by the Japan Financial Services Agency; The Blackstone Group (HK) Limited is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission; The Blackstone
Group (Australia) Pty Limited ACN 149 142 058 and Blackstone Real Estate Australia Pty Limited  
      17  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
ACN 604 167 651 each holds an Australian financial services license authorizing it to provide financial services in Australia (AFSL 408376 and AFSL 485716, respectively) and is regulated by the
Australian Securities and Investments Commission; and Blackstone Singapore Pte. Ltd. is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (Company Registration Number: 201020503E).  
 Certain investment advisers are also registered with international regulators in connection with their management of products that are
locally distributed and/or regulated.    The SEC and various self-regulatory organizations and state securities regulators have
in recent years increased their regulatory activities, including regulation, examination and enforcement in respect of asset management firms.    As described above, certain of our businesses are subject to compliance with laws and regulations of U.S. federal and state governments,  non-U.S.  governments, their
respective agencies and/or various self-regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to, among other things, marketing of investment products, disclosure and the privacy of client information, and any failure to comply with these regulations could
expose us to liability and/or damage our reputation. Our businesses have operated for many years within a legal framework that requires us to monitor and comply with a broad range of legal and regulatory developments that affect our activities.
However, additional legislation, changes in rules promulgated by self-regulatory organizations or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules, either in the United States or elsewhere, may directly affect our mode of
operation and profitability.    Rigorous legal and compliance analysis of our businesses and investments is endemic to our
culture and risk management. Our Chief Legal Officer and Global Head of Compliance, together with the Chief Compliance Officers of each of our businesses, supervise our compliance personnel, who are responsible for addressing all regulatory and
compliance matters that affect our activities. We strive to maintain a culture of compliance through the use of policies and procedures including a code of ethics, electronic compliance systems, testing and monitoring, communication of compliance
guidance and employee education and training. Our compliance policies and procedures address a variety of regulatory and compliance matters such as the handling of material  non-public  information, personal
securities trading, marketing practices, gifts and entertainment, valuation of investments on a fund-specific basis, recordkeeping, potential conflicts of interest, the allocation of investment opportunities, collection of fees and expense
allocation.    Our compliance group also monitors the information barriers that we maintain between Blackstone’s
businesses. We believe that our various businesses’ access to the intellectual knowledge and contacts and relationships that reside throughout our firm benefits all of our businesses. To maximize that access without compromising compliance with
our legal and contractual obligations, our compliance group oversees and monitors the communications between groups that are on the private side of our information barrier and groups that are on the public side, as well as between different public
side groups. Our compliance group also monitors contractual obligations that may be impacted and potential conflicts that may arise in connection with these inter-group discussions.  
 In addition, disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting are documented, tested and assessed for
design and operating effectiveness in accordance with the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Internal Audit, which reports directly to the audit committee of the board of directors of our general partner, operates with a global mandate and is
responsible for the examination and evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of the organization’s governance and risk management processes and internal controls, as well as the quality of performance in carrying out assigned
responsibilities to achieve the organization’s stated goals and objectives.    Our enterprise risk management framework is
designed to comprehensively identify, assess, mitigate and monitor our business, operational and other key enterprise risks at the corporate, business unit and fund level. Committees comprised of members of management and representatives of various
business units and corporate  
      18  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
functions consider and evaluate strategic, investment, reputational, financial, legal, compliance, human capital, operational, technology and other risks attendant to our business. Senior
management reports regularly to the audit committee of the board of directors of our general partner on risk matters, including by providing periodic risk reports, an overview of management’s views on key risks to the firm and detailed
assessments of selected risks.    There are a number of pending or recently enacted legislative and regulatory initiatives in
the United States and in Europe that could significantly affect our business. Please see “— Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Financial regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect our
business” and “— Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Recent regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the United States could adversely affect our business.”  
 Available Information  
 The Blackstone Group L.P. is a Delaware limited partnership that was formed on March 12, 2007.  
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. These filings are available to the public over the
internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.    Our principal internet address is www.blackstone.com. We make available
free of charge on or through www.blackstone.com our annual reports on Form  10-K,  quarterly reports on Form  10-Q,  current reports on
 Form 8-K,  and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The contents of our website are not, however, a
part of this report.      
 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
   RISK FACTORS  
 Risks Related to Our Business  
 Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments made
by our funds, making it more difficult to find opportunities for our funds to exit and realize value from existing investments and reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could materially reduce our revenue,
earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition.    Our business is materially affected
by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world that are outside our control, including but not limited to changes in interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty,
changes in laws (including laws relating to taxation), trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls and national and international political circumstances (including wars, terrorist acts or security operations). These
factors may affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity and the value of investments, and we may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to these market conditions and/or other events. In the event of a
market downturn each of our businesses could be affected in different ways.    Turmoil in the global financial markets can
provoke significant volatility of equity and debt securities prices. This can have a material and rapid impact on our  mark-to-market  valuations, particularly with
respect to our public holdings and credit investments. As publicly traded equity securities have in recent years represented a significant proportion of the assets of many of our carry funds, stock market volatility, including a sharp decline in the
stock market, such as the one experienced in the fourth quarter of 2018, may adversely affect our results, including our revenues and net income. In addition, our public equity holdings are concentrated in fewer large positions than was historically
the case, thereby making our unrealized  mark-to-market  valuations particularly sensitive to sharp changes in the price of any of these positions. While not a problem
today, a lack of credit resulting from turmoil in the global financial markets in the future may materially hinder the initiation of new,  large-sized  transactions for our funds and adversely impact our
operating results. Although overall financing costs still remain relatively low on a historical basis, there is continued concern that the monetary policy of central banks, including of the U.S. Federal
 
      19  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
Reserve, solid (albeit slowing) economic growth and inflationary and other market factors may lead to rising interest rates and adversely impact the cost and availability of credit, as well as
the value of our investments. In addition, economic growth in many international economies may in the future contribute to tighter credit conditions, a decreased availability of foreign capital and rising interest rates. A strong U.S. dollar, which
could be associated with rising interest rates, could hurt U.S. exports and growth and have an adverse impact on economic growth in international economies. In addition, 2018 was a year of significant geopolitical concerns, including, among other
things, uncertainty regarding  re-opening  of the U.S. government after a shutdown in late 2018 and early 2019, trade tensions, most notably between China and the U.S., resulting from the implementation of
tariffs by the U.S. and retaliatory tariffs by other countries on the U.S., continued tensions with North Korea over its ballistic missile testing and nuclear programs, uncertainty regarding the United Kingdom’s (“U.K.”) ongoing
negotiation of the circumstances surrounding its withdrawal from the European Union and uncertainty regarding U.S. recertification of the Iran nuclear framework.    Although interest rates have remained at relatively low levels on a historical basis, the U.S. Federal Reserve continued to raise rates throughout 2018. After indicating in 2018 that gradual further rate
increases would be appropriate, the Federal Reserve signaled that it would be patient with respect to further rate increases. There can be no assurance, however, that the Federal Reserve will not continue to raise rates in 2019. A period of sharply
rising interest rates could create downward pressure on the price of real estate and increase the cost of debt financing for the transactions we pursue, each of which may have an adverse impact on our business.  
 Many investments made by our funds are highly illiquid, and we may not be able to realize investments in a timely manner. Rising interest
rates, coupled with periods of significant equity and credit market volatility, such as that which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2018, may potentially make it more difficult for us to find attractive opportunities for our funds to exit and
realize value from their existing investments. Although the equity markets are not the only means by which we exit investments, should we experience another period of challenging equity markets, our funds may experience increased difficulty in
realizing value from investments. Uncertainty surrounding potential changes to governmental policy may also have an impact on our exit opportunities through the private markets. For example, recently enacted bipartisan legislation may significantly
increase the number of transactions that are subject to the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (“CFIUS”). Once the reform legislation is fully implemented through the rulemaking process, CFIUS will
have the authority to review, and potentially recommend that the President block or impose conditions on  non-controlling  investments in critical infrastructure and critical technology companies and in
companies collecting or storing sensitive data of U.S. citizens, which may reduce the number of potential buyers and limit the ability of our funds to realize value from certain existing and future investments. We are unable to predict whether and
to what extent uncertainty surrounding economic and market conditions will be reduced, and even in the absence of uncertainty, adverse conditions and/or other events in particular sectors may cause our performance to suffer further.  
 In recent years we have experienced buoyant markets and positive economic conditions. Although such conditions have often made it more
difficult and competitive to find suitable investments for our funds to effectively deploy capital, they have also in many cases contributed to positive operating performance at our funds’ portfolio companies. As global markets enter a period
of slower growth relative to recent years, such period of difficult market conditions or economic slowdown (which may be across one or more industries, sectors or geographies), may contribute to adverse operating performance, decreased revenues,
credit rating downgrades, financial losses, difficulty in obtaining access to financing and increased funding costs for our funds’ portfolio companies. In addition, as the governing agreements of our funds contain only limited investment
restrictions and only limited requirements as to diversification of fund investments (by, for example, sector or geographic region), during periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns in certain sectors or regions, the decreased revenues and
other impacts may be exacerbated by concentration of investments in such sector or region. Negative financial results in our investment funds’ portfolio companies may result in lower investment returns for our investment funds, which could
materially and adversely affect our ability to raise new funds as well as our operating results and cash flow. To the extent the operating performance of those portfolio companies (as well as valuation multiples) do not improve or other portfolio
companies experience adverse operating performance, our investment funds may sell those assets at  
      20  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
values that are less than we projected or even a loss, thereby significantly affecting those investment funds’ performance and consequently our operating results and cash flow. The operating
and financial performance of our portfolio companies would also likely be negatively impacted if pressure on wages and other inputs increasingly pressure profit margins.    In addition, during periods of weakness, our investment funds’ portfolio companies may also have difficulty expanding their businesses and operations or meeting their debt service obligations or
other expenses as they become due, including expenses payable to us. Furthermore, such negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering bankruptcy proceedings, thereby potentially resulting in a complete loss of
the fund’s investment in such portfolio company and a significant negative impact to the investment fund’s performance and consequently to our operating results and cash flow, as well as to our reputation. In addition, negative market
conditions would also increase the risk of default with respect to investments held by our investment funds that have significant debt investments, such as our credit-focused funds. Estimates or projections of market conditions, commodity prices and
supply and demand dynamics are key factors in evaluating potential investment opportunities and valuing the investments made by our funds. These estimates are subject to wide variances based on changes in market conditions, underlying assumptions,
commodity prices and technical or investment-related assumptions.    In addition, the performance of the investments made by our
credit and private equity funds in the energy and natural resources markets are also subject to a high degree of market risk given, among other matters, the volatility of commodity prices. See “— Investments by our funds in the power and
energy industries involve various operational, construction, regulatory and market risks that may expose us to increased risks.”    Our operating performance may also be adversely affected by our fixed costs and other expenses and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match
any decreases in revenue relating to changes in market and economic conditions. In order to reduce expenses in the face of a difficult economic environment, we may need to cut back or eliminate the use of certain services or service providers, or
terminate the employment of a significant number of our personnel that, in each case, could be important to our business and without which our operating results could be adversely affected.    Changes in the debt financing markets could negatively impact the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to obtain attractive financing or refinancing for their investments and could
increase the cost of such financing if it is obtained, which could lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income.    A significant contraction or weakening in the market for debt financing, such as the weakening that occurred in late 2018, or other adverse change relating to the terms of debt financing (such as, for
example, higher rates, higher equity requirements, and/or more restrictive covenants), particularly in the area of acquisition financings for private equity and real estate transactions, could have a material adverse impact on our business. In
addition, the financing of acquisitions or the operations of our funds’ portfolio companies with debt may become less attractive due to limitations on the deductibility of corporate interest expense. See “— Comprehensive U.S. federal
income tax reform became effective in 2018, which could adversely affect us.” If our funds are unable to obtain committed debt financing for potential acquisitions, can only obtain debt financing at an increased interest rate or on unfavorable
terms or the ability to deduct corporate interest expense is substantially limited, our funds may have difficulty completing otherwise profitable acquisitions or may generate profits that are lower than would otherwise be the case, either of which
could lead to a decrease in our revenues. Similarly, our funds’ portfolio companies regularly utilize the corporate debt markets in order to obtain financing for their operations. To the extent regulatory and/or tax changes or difficult credit
markets render such financing difficult to obtain, more expensive or otherwise less attractive, which was the case in late 2018, this may also negatively impact the financial results of those portfolio companies and, therefore, the investment
returns on our funds. In addition, to the extent that market conditions and/or regulatory changes make it difficult or impossible to refinance debt that is maturing in the near term, some of our
 
      21  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
funds’ portfolio companies may be unable to repay such debt at maturity and may be forced to sell assets, undergo a recapitalization or seek bankruptcy protection.  
 A decline in the pace or size of investment made by our funds may adversely affect our revenues.  
 The revenues that we earn are driven in part by the pace at which our funds make investments and the size of those investments, and a
decline in the pace or the size of such investments may reduce our revenues. Many factors could cause such a decline in the pace of investment, including high prices, the inability of our investment professionals to identify attractive investment
opportunities, competition for such opportunities among other potential acquirers, decreased availability of capital on attractive terms and our failure to consummate identified investment opportunities because of business, regulatory or legal
complexities or uncertainty and adverse developments in the U.S. or global economy or financial markets. In addition, an increase in the pace at which our funds exit investments could reduce the fee revenue we earn if such exits are not offset by
new commitments and investments.    Our revenue, earnings, net income and cash flow are all highly variable, which may make it difficult
for us to achieve steady earnings growth on a quarterly basis and may cause the price of our common units to decline.  
 Our revenue, net income and cash flow are all highly variable. For example, our cash flow may fluctuate significantly due to the fact that
we receive Performance Allocations from our carry funds only when investments are realized and achieve a certain preferred return. In addition, transaction fees received by our carry funds can vary significantly from quarter to quarter. We may also
experience fluctuations in our results, including our revenue and net income, from quarter to quarter due to a number of other factors, including changes in the valuations of our funds’ investments, changes in the amount of distributions,
dividends or interest paid in respect of investments, changes in our operating expenses, the degree to which we encounter competition and general economic and market conditions. In particular, economic and market conditions may lead to volatility in
the  mark-to-market  valuations of investments made by our funds, particularly in respect of our public investments. The valuations of investments made by our funds could
also be subject to high volatility as a result of uncertainty regarding governmental policy with respect to, among other things, tax, financial services regulation, international trade, immigration, healthcare, labor, infrastructure and energy.
Achieving steady growth in net income and cash flow on a quarterly basis may be difficult, which could in turn lead to large adverse movements or general increased volatility in the price of our common units.  
 The timing and receipt of Performance Allocations generated by our carry funds is uncertain and will contribute to the volatility of our
results. Performance Allocations depend on our carry funds’ performance and opportunities for realizing gains, which may be limited. It takes a substantial period of time to identify attractive investment opportunities, to raise all the funds
needed to make an investment and then to realize the cash value (or other proceeds) of an investment through a sale, public offering, recapitalization or other exit. Even if an investment proves to be profitable, it may be a number of years before
any profits can be realized in cash (or other proceeds). We cannot predict when, or if, any realization of investments will occur. In addition, upon the realization of a profitable investment by any of our carry funds and prior to us receiving any
Performance Allocations in respect of that investment, 100% of the proceeds of that investment must generally be paid to the investors in that carry fund until they have recovered certain fees and expenses and achieved a certain return on all
realized investments by that carry fund as well as a recovery of any unrealized losses. If we were to have a realization event in a particular quarter, it may have a significant impact on our results for that particular quarter which may not be
replicated in subsequent quarters. We recognize revenue on investments in our investment funds based on our allocable share of realized and unrealized gains (or losses) reported by such investment funds, and a decline in realized or unrealized
gains, or an increase in realized or unrealized losses, would adversely affect our revenue and possibly cash flow, which could further increase the volatility of our quarterly results. Because our carry funds have preferred return thresholds to
investors that need to be met prior to Blackstone receiving any Performance Allocations, substantial declines in the carrying value of the investment portfolios of a carry fund can significantly delay or eliminate any Performance Allocations paid to
us in respect of that fund since the value of the assets in the fund would need to  
      22  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
recover to their aggregate cost basis plus the preferred return over time before we would be entitled to receive any Performance Allocations from that fund.  
 The timing and receipt of Performance Allocations also varies with the life cycle of our carry funds. During periods in which a
relatively large portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds and investments in their “harvesting” period, our carry funds would make larger distributions than in the fundraising or investment periods that precede
harvesting. During periods in which a significant portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds that are not in their harvesting periods, we may receive substantially lower Performance Allocations.  
 With respect to most of our funds of hedge funds, our core+ real estate funds and our credit-focused and real estate debt funds
structured like hedge funds, our incentive income is paid between semi-annually and every five years, and the varying frequency of these payments will contribute to the volatility of our cash flow. Furthermore, we earn this incentive income
only if the net asset value of a fund has increased or, in the case of certain funds, increased beyond a particular return threshold. Certain of these funds also have “high water marks” whereby we do not earn incentive income during a
particular period even though the fund had positive returns in such period as a result of losses in prior periods. If one of these funds experiences losses, we will not be able to earn incentive income from the fund until it surpasses the previous
high water mark. The incentive income we earn is therefore dependent on the net asset value of the fund, which could lead to significant volatility in our results.    Because our revenue, net income and cash flow can be highly variable from quarter to quarter and year to year, we do not provide any guidance regarding our expected quarterly and annual operating results.
The lack of guidance may affect the expectations of public market analysts and could cause increased volatility in our common unit price.  
 Adverse economic and market conditions may adversely affect the amount of cash generated by our businesses, and in turn, our ability to make
distributions to our unitholders.    We use cash to (a) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing
businesses, which principally includes funding our general partner and  co-investment  commitments to our funds, (b) provide capital for business expansion, (c) pay operating expenses and other
obligations as they arise, including servicing our debt and (d) make distributions to our unitholders and the holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Our principal sources of cash are: (a) cash we received in connection with our
prior bond offerings, (b) Fee Related Earnings and (c) Net Realizations, which is the sum of Realized Principal Investment Income and Realized Performance Revenues less Realized Performance Compensation. We have also entered into a
$1.6 billion revolving credit facility with a final maturity date of September 21, 2023. Our long-term debt totaled $3.5 billion in borrowings from our prior bond issuances and we had no borrowings outstanding against our
$1.6 billion revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2018. At the end of 2018, we had $2.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents, $2.5 billion invested in our corporate treasury investments and $1.9 billion invested in
Blackstone funds and other investments.    If the global economy and conditions in the financing markets worsen, our fund
investment performance could suffer, resulting in, for example, the payment of less or no Performance Allocations to us. This could materially and adversely affect the amount of cash we have on hand, including for, among other purposes, the making
of distributions to our unitholders. Having less cash on hand could in turn require us to rely on other sources of cash (such as the capital markets, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms) for the above purposes. Furthermore, during
adverse economic and market conditions, we might not be able to renew all or part of our existing revolving credit facility or find alternate financing on commercially reasonable terms. As a result, our uses of cash may exceed our sources of cash,
thereby potentially affecting our liquidity position.    We depend on our founder and other key senior managing directors and the loss of
their services would have a material adverse effect on our business, results and financial condition.    We depend on the
efforts, skill, reputations and business contacts of our founder, Stephen A. Schwarzman, and other key senior managing directors, the information and deal flow they generate during the normal course of their
 
      23  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
activities and the synergies among the diverse fields of expertise and knowledge held by our professionals. Accordingly, our success will depend on the continued service of these individuals, who
are not obligated to remain employed with us. Several key senior managing directors have left the firm in the past and others may do so in the future, and we cannot predict the impact that the departure of any key senior managing director will have
on our ability to achieve our investment objectives. The loss of the services of any of them could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, net income and cash flows and could harm our ability to maintain or grow assets under management in
existing funds or raise additional funds in the future. We have historically relied in part on the interests of these professionals in the investment funds’ carried interest and incentive fees to discourage them from leaving the firm. However,
to the extent our investment funds perform poorly, thereby reducing the potential for carried interest and incentive fees, their interests in carried interest and incentive fees become less valuable to them and become less effective as incentives
for them to continue to be employed at Blackstone.    Our senior managing directors and other key personnel possess substantial
experience and expertise and have strong business relationships with investors in our funds, clients and other members of the business community. As a result, the loss of these personnel could jeopardize our relationships with investors in our
funds, our clients and members of the business community and result in the reduction of assets under management or fewer investment opportunities.    Our publicly traded structure may adversely affect our ability to retain and motivate our senior managing directors and other key personnel and to recruit, retain and motivate new senior managing
directors and other key personnel, both of which could adversely affect our business, results and financial condition.  
 Our most important asset is our people, and our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of our senior managing directors
and other professionals. Our future success and growth depends to a substantial degree on our ability to retain and motivate our senior managing directors and other key personnel and to strategically recruit, retain and motivate new talented
personnel. Most of our current senior managing directors and other senior personnel have equity interests in our business that are primarily partnership units in Blackstone Holdings (as defined under “Part III. Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence — Blackstone Holdings Partnership Agreements”) and which entitle such personnel to cash distributions. However, the value of such Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and
the distributions in respect of these equity interests may not be sufficient to retain and motivate our senior managing directors and other key personnel, nor may they be sufficiently attractive to strategically recruit, retain and motivate new
talented personnel. Moreover, prior to our IPO, many of our senior managing directors and other senior personnel had interests in each of our underlying businesses which may have entitled them to a larger amount of cash distributions than they
receive in respect of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.    Additionally, the retention of an increasingly larger portion of
the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by senior managing directors is not dependent upon their continued employment with us as those equity interests continue to vest as time passes. Moreover, the minimum retained ownership requirements and
transfer restrictions to which these interests are subject in certain instances lapse over time, may not be enforceable in all cases and can be waived. There is no guarantee that the  non-competition  and  non-solicitation  agreements to which our senior managing directors are subject, together with our other arrangements with them, will prevent them from leaving us, joining our competitors or otherwise competing with
us or that these agreements will be enforceable in all cases. In addition, these agreements will expire after a certain period of time, at which point each of our senior managing directors would be free to compete against us and solicit investors in
our funds, clients and employees.    We might not be able to provide future senior managing directors with equity interests in
our business to the same extent or with the same tax consequences from which our existing senior managing directors previously benefited. For example, the Tax Reform Bill (as defined below) now imposes a longer three-year holding period requirement
for carried interest to be treated as long-term capital gain. This change to the treatment of carried interest under the Tax Reform Bill, along with other potential changes in applicable federal, state, local and other tax laws that may be enacted,
may adversely affect our ability to recruit, retain and motivate our current and future  
      24  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
professionals. See “— Risks Related to United States Taxation — Our structure involves complex provisions of U.S. federal income tax law for which no clear precedent or authority
may be available. Our structure also is subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative change and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis.”  
 Alternatively, the value of the units we may issue senior managing directors at any given time may subsequently fall (as reflected in the
market price of our common units), which could counteract the incentives we are seeking to induce in them. Therefore, in order to recruit and retain existing and future senior managing directors, we may need to increase the level of compensation
that we pay to them. Accordingly, as we promote or hire new senior managing directors over time, we may increase the level of compensation we pay to our senior managing directors, which would cause our total employee compensation and benefits
expense as a percentage of our total revenue to increase and adversely affect our profitability. In addition, issuance of equity interests in our business in the future to senior managing directors and other personnel would dilute public common
unitholders.    We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation and alignment
of interests with investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain this culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be
impaired, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.    Our organizational documents do
not limit our ability to enter into new lines of businesses, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets and businesses, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our businesses.  
 Our plan, to the extent that market conditions permit, is to continue to grow our investment businesses and expand into new investment
strategies, geographic markets and businesses. Our organizational documents do not limit us to investment management businesses. Accordingly, we may pursue growth through acquisitions of other investment management companies, acquisitions of
critical business partners, or other strategic initiatives. In addition, we expect opportunities will arise to acquire other alternative or traditional asset managers. To the extent we make strategic investments or acquisitions, undertake other
strategic initiatives or enter into a new line of business, we will face numerous risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with (a) the required investment of capital and other resources, (b) the possibility that we have
insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably or without incurring inappropriate amounts of risk, (c) the diversion of management’s attention from our core businesses, (d) assumption of liabilities in any acquired
business, (e) the disruption of our ongoing businesses, (f) the increasing demands on or issues related to the combining or integrating operational and management systems and controls, (g) compliance with additional regulatory
requirements, and (h) the broadening of our geographic footprint, including the risks associated with conducting operations in  non-U.S.  jurisdictions. Entry into certain lines of business may subject us
to new laws and regulations with which we are not familiar, or from which we are currently exempt, and may lead to increased litigation and regulatory risk. For example, we have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to offer registered
investment products to retail investors. These activities have and will continue to impose additional compliance burdens on us and could also subject us to enhanced regulatory scrutiny and expose us to greater reputation and litigation risk. See
“— We have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of investment products we offer to retail investors, which could expose us to new and greater levels of risk.” In addition, if a new business
generates insufficient revenues or if we are unable to efficiently manage our expanded operations, our results of operations will be adversely affected. Our strategic initiatives may include joint ventures, in which case we will be subject to
additional risks and uncertainties in that we may be dependent upon, and subject to liability, losses or reputational damage relating to, systems, controls and personnel that are not under our control.  
      25  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  If we are unable to consummate or successfully integrate additional development opportunities,
acquisitions or joint ventures, we may not be able to implement our growth strategy successfully.    Our growth strategy
is based, in part, on the selective development or acquisition of asset management businesses or other businesses complementary to our business where we think we can add substantial value or generate substantial returns. The success of this strategy
will depend on, among other things: (a) the availability of suitable opportunities, (b) the level of competition from other companies that may have greater financial resources, (c) our ability to value potential development or
acquisition opportunities accurately and negotiate acceptable terms for those opportunities, (d) our ability to obtain requisite approvals and licenses from the relevant governmental authorities and to comply with applicable laws and
regulations without incurring undue costs and delays and (e) our ability to identify and enter into mutually beneficial relationships with venture partners. Moreover, even if we are able to identify and successfully complete an acquisition, we
may encounter unexpected difficulties or incur unexpected costs associated with integrating and overseeing the operations of the new businesses. If we are not successful in implementing our growth strategy, our business, financial results and the
market price for our common units may be adversely affected.    The  spin-off  of our financial and
strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services, and Park Hill fund placement businesses could result in substantial tax liability for us and/or our unitholders.  
 On October 1, 2015, we completed the previously announced  spin-off  of our financial and
strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services, and Park Hill fund placement businesses and combined these businesses with PJT Partners, an independent financial advisory firm founded by Paul J. Taubman, to form an
independent publicly traded company. We may be responsible for U.S. federal income tax liabilities that relate to the  spin-off  if certain internal reorganization transactions in connection with the  spin-off  fail to qualify as  tax-free,  and our unitholders may also incur U.S. federal income tax liability in such circumstances.  
 In past years, there have been legislative proposals to tax certain publicly traded partnerships as corporations. If these proposals were enacted
and applied to us, our effective tax rate could increase significantly.    Certain past legislative proposals would treat
certain publically traded partnerships as corporations for federal income tax purposes. If similar legislation were enacted and applied to us, we would not qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If we were taxed as a
corporation our effective tax rate could increase significantly.    Comprehensive U.S. federal income tax reform became effective in 2018,
which could adversely affect us.    U.S. federal income tax reform legislation known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which
was signed into law on December 22, 2017 (the “Tax Reform Bill”) has resulted in fundamental changes to the Internal Revenue Code. Changes to U.S. tax laws resulting from the Tax Reform Bill, including reduction to the federal
corporate income tax rate, partial limitation on the deductibility of business interest expense, and a longer three-year holding period requirement for carried interest to be treated as long-term capital gain could have an adverse effect on our
business operations and our funds’ investment activities. These and other changes from the Tax Reform Bill — including limitations on the use, carryback and carryforward of net operating losses and changes relating to the scope and timing
of U.S. taxation on earnings from international business operations — could also have an adverse effect on our portfolio companies. The exact impact of the Tax Reform Bill is difficult to quantify, but these changes could have an adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, other changes could be enacted in the future to increase the corporate tax rate, limit further the deductibility of interest, subject carried interest to more onerous
taxation or effect other changes that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  
      26  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Additional proposed changes in taxation of businesses could adversely affect us.
   Congress, the Organization for Economic  Co-operation  and Development
(“OECD”) and other government agencies in jurisdictions in which we and our affiliates invest or do business have maintained a focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational companies. The OECD, which represents a coalition of
member countries, is contemplating changes to numerous long-standing tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting (“BEPS”) project, which is focused on a number of issues, including the shifting of profits between affiliated
entities in different tax jurisdictions, interest deductibility and eligibility for the benefits of double tax treaties. Several of the proposed measures are potentially relevant to some of our structures and could have an adverse tax impact on our
funds, investors and/or our portfolio companies. Some member countries have been moving forward on the BEPS agenda but, because timing of implementation and the specific measures adopted will vary among participating states, significant uncertainty
remains regarding the impact of BEPS proposals. If implemented, these proposals could result in a loss of tax treaty benefits and increased taxes on income from our investments.  
 A number of European jurisdictions have enacted taxes on financial transactions, and the European Commission has proposed legislation to
harmonize these taxes under the  so-called  “enhanced cooperation procedure,” which provides for adoption of  EU-level  legislation applicable to some but not all
EU Member States. These contemplated changes, if adopted by individual countries, could increase tax uncertainty and/or costs faced by us, our funds’ portfolio companies and our investors, change our business model and cause other adverse
consequences. The timing or impact of these proposals is unclear at this point. In addition, tax laws, regulations and interpretations are subject to continual changes, which could adversely affect our structures or returns to our investors. For
instance, various countries have adopted or proposed tax legislation that may adversely affect portfolio companies and investment structures in countries in which our funds have invested and may limit the benefits of additional investments in those
countries.    States and local jurisdictions have enacted and are considering changes to the income tax treatment of carried interest and
partnerships generally that could cause us to incur a material increase in our tax liability and/or cause carried interest or other income allocable to holders of our common units to be subject to state or local income tax at higher rates than under
current law.    States and other jurisdictions have enacted and are considering legislation to increase taxes with
respect to carried interest. For example, New Jersey recently enacted legislation which eliminates an exclusion from New Jersey source income (for  non-residents)  for carried interest and income from providing
investment management services, which is not expected to materially affect our common unitholders, and authorizes a contingent 17% surtax on such management income for gross income tax and corporate income tax purposes. These carried interest
provisions remain  non-operative  as they are dependent upon Connecticut, New York and Massachusetts enacting legislation with identical provisions. In addition, New York recently introduced legislation which
would tax income from certain investment management services provided by a partner (whether or not a New York resident), which could cause a  non-resident  of New York who holds our common units to be subject to
New York state income tax on carried interest earned by entities in which we hold an indirect interest, thereby requiring the  non-resident  to file a New York state income tax return reporting such carried
interest income. As part of that legislation, New York also proposed a state tax surcharge of 19% on carried interest in addition to the personal income tax. Similar to the New Jersey legislation, the New York legislation would not take effect until
similar legislation is enacted by Connecticut, New Jersey and Massachusetts. Similar proposals are under consideration in other jurisdictions such as California. Whether or when similar legislation will be enacted is unclear.  
 Finally, several state and local jurisdictions are evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity level taxation through the
imposition of state or local income, franchise or other forms of taxation or to increase the amount of such taxation. For example, although it would not affect us materially, Connecticut recently enacted an income tax on pass through entities doing
business in Connecticut, and states in which we do business may consider similar tax changes. These and other proposals have recently been under heightened consideration in light of the Tax Reform Bill. If any state were to impose a tax upon us as
an entity, our distribution to common unitholders would be reduced.  
      27  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The U.K.’s withdrawal from the European Union may negatively impact the value of certain of
our assets.    In March 2017 the U.K. initiated a  two-year  negotiation period
preceding its withdrawal from the European Union (“Brexit”). There is ongoing uncertainty as to the timing, including with respect to any transition period, and the terms of Brexit. The uncertainty surrounding Brexit has contributed to
increased political and economic volatility in the global financial markets. Although the long-term impact on economic conditions is uncertain, Brexit may have an adverse effect on the rate of economic growth in the U.K. and Europe, which may
negatively impact asset values in those regions. For example, as a result of Brexit, the U.K. may lose access to global trade deals negotiated by the European Union on behalf of its members, which could impact the attractiveness of the U.K. as a
global business and financial center and thereby impact the rate of economic growth in the U.K.    In addition, since the result
of the Brexit referendum in  mid-2016,  the British pound has experienced periods of weakness, and there can be no assurance that such weakness will not be exacerbated upon Brexit’s effectiveness,
particularly in the event of no transition period. Continued weakness or a further decline in the value of the British pound may negatively impact the  mark-to-market 
valuations of our British pound-denominated investments. Weakness in the British pound may also contribute to volatility in other currencies, including the euro, which may negatively impact the  mark-to-market  valuations of our euro denominated investments. Weakness or significant fluctuation in currency exchange rates may also adversely impact our financial results as a result of the conversion of
investment principal and income from one currency into another.    Operational risks, including cybersecurity risks, may disrupt our
businesses, result in losses or limit our growth.    We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, communications and
other data processing systems. Our systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of tampering or a breach of our network security systems or otherwise. In addition, our systems face ongoing cybersecurity threats and attacks.
Attacks on our systems could involve, and in some instances have in the past involved, attempts intended to obtain unauthorized access to our proprietary information, destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems, including through the
introduction of computer viruses, “phishing” attempts and other forms of social engineering. Cyberattacks and other security threats could originate from a wide variety of sources, including cyber criminals, nation state hackers,
hacktivists and other outside parties. There has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cyber and security threats we face, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and
persistent, which may target us because, as an alternative asset management firm, we hold a significant amount of confidential and sensitive information about our investors, our portfolio companies and potential investments. As a result, we may face
a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption with respect to this information. If successful, these types of attacks on our network or other systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, due to,
among other things, the loss of investor or proprietary data, interruptions or delays in our business and damage to our reputation. There can be no assurance that measures we take to ensure the integrity of our systems will provide protection,
especially because cyberattack techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until successful. If our systems are compromised, do not operate properly or are disabled, or we fail to provide the appropriate regulatory or other notifications
in a timely manner, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our investment funds and fund investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage.  
 In addition, we operate in businesses that are highly dependent on information systems and technology. The costs related to cyber or
other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. In addition, cybersecurity has become a top priority for regulators around the world. Many jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations
relating to data privacy, cybersecurity and protection of personal information, including the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union that went into effect in May 2018. Some jurisdictions have also enacted laws requiring companies
to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. Breaches in security could potentially jeopardize our, our employees’ or our fund investors’ or counterparties’ confidential and other
information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our  
      28  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
employees’, our fund investors’, our counterparties’ or third parties’ operations, which could result in significant losses, increased costs, disruption of our business,
liability to our fund investors and other counterparties, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Furthermore, if we fail to comply with the relevant laws and regulations, it could result in regulatory investigations and penalties, which
could lead to negative publicity and may cause our fund investors and clients to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures.    We depend on our headquarters in New York City, where many of our personnel are located, for the continued operation of our business. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our
businesses, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, or directly affecting our headquarters, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to
continue to operate our business without interruption. Our disaster recovery and business continuity programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. In addition, insurance and other safeguards
might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all.    Our information systems and technology may not continue to be
able to accommodate our growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from its current level. Such a failure to accommodate growth, or an increase in costs related to such information systems, could have a material adverse effect on
us. In addition we rely on third party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for certain information systems and technology and administration of our hedge funds. Any interruption or deterioration in the performance of
these third parties or failures or compromises of their information systems and technology could impair the quality of the funds’ operations and could affect our reputation and hence adversely affect our businesses.  
 Finally, our portfolio companies also rely on data processing systems and the secure processing, storage and transmission of information,
including payment and health information. A disruption or compromise of these systems could have a material adverse effect on the value of these businesses. Our funds may invest in strategic assets having a national or regional profile or in
infrastructure, the nature of which could expose them to a greater risk of being subject to a terrorist attack or security breach than other assets or businesses. Such an event may have material adverse consequences on our investment or assets of
the same type or may require portfolio companies to increase preventative security measures or expand insurance coverage.    Extensive
regulation of our businesses affects our activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. The possibility of increased regulatory focus could result in additional burdens on our business.  
 Our business is subject to extensive regulation, including periodic examinations, by governmental agencies and self-regulatory
organizations in the jurisdictions in which we operate around the world. These authorities have regulatory powers dealing with many aspects of financial services, including the authority to grant, and in specific circumstances to cancel, permissions
to carry on particular activities. Many of these regulators, including U.S. and foreign government agencies and self-regulatory organizations, as well as state securities commissions in the United States, are also empowered to conduct investigations
and administrative proceedings that can result in fines, suspensions of personnel, changes in policies, procedures or disclosure or other sanctions, including censure, the issuance of
 cease-and-desist  orders, the suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer or investment adviser from registration or memberships or the commencement of a civil or criminal
lawsuit against us or our personnel. Moreover, the financial services industry in recent years has been the subject of heightened scrutiny, and the SEC has specifically focused on private equity. In that connection, in recent years the SEC’s
stated examination priorities have included, among other things, private equity firms’ collection of fees and allocation of expenses, their marketing and valuation practices, allocation of investment opportunities and policies and procedures
with respect to conflicts of interest. We regularly are subject to requests for information and informal or formal investigations by the SEC and other regulatory authorities, with which we routinely cooperate, and which have included review of
historical practices that were previously examined. SEC actions and initiatives can have an adverse effect on our financial results, including as a result of the imposition of a sanction, a limitation on our or our personnel’s activities, or
changing our historic practices. Even if an investigation or proceeding did not result in a sanction or the sanction imposed against us or our personnel by a regulator were small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity
 
      29  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
relating to the investigation, proceeding or imposition of these sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing clients or fail to gain new clients.  
 We rely on complex exemptions from statutes in conducting our asset management activities.  
 We regularly rely on exemptions from various requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or “Securities Act,”
the Exchange Act, the 1940 Act, the Commodity Exchange Act and the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, in conducting our asset management activities. These exemptions are sometimes highly complex and may in certain
circumstances depend on compliance by third parties whom we do not control. If for any reason these exemptions were to become unavailable to us, we could become subject to regulatory action or third party claims and our business could be materially
and adversely affected. For example, the “bad actor” disqualification provisions of Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act ban an issuer from offering or selling securities pursuant to the safe harbor rule in Rule 506 if the
issuer or any other “covered person” is the subject of a criminal, regulatory or court order or other “disqualifying event” under the rule which has not been waived. The definition of “covered person” includes an
issuer’s directors, general partners, managing members and executive officers; affiliates who are also issuing securities in the offering; beneficial owners of 20% or more of the issuer’s outstanding equity securities; and promoters and
persons compensated for soliciting investors in the offering. Accordingly, our ability to rely on Rule 506 to offer or sell securities would be impaired if we or any “covered person” is the subject of a disqualifying event under the rule
and we are unable to obtain a waiver. The requirements imposed by our regulators are designed primarily to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect investors in our investment funds and are not designed to protect our common
unitholders. Consequently, these regulations often serve to limit our activities and impose burdensome compliance requirements.    We and
our affiliates from time to time are required to report specified dealings or transactions involving Iran or other sanctioned individuals or entities.    The Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (“ITRA”) expands the scope of U.S. sanctions against Iran. Additionally, Section 219 of the ITRA amended the Exchange Act to
require companies subject to SEC reporting obligations under Section 13 of the Exchange Act to disclose in their periodic reports specified dealings or transactions involving Iran or other individuals and entities targeted by certain OFAC
sanctions engaged in by the reporting company or any of its affiliates during the period covered by the relevant periodic report. In some cases, ITRA requires companies to disclose these types of transactions even if they were permissible under U.S.
law. Companies that currently may be or may have been at the time considered our affiliates have from time to time publicly filed and/or provided to us the disclosures reproduced on Exhibit 99.1 of our Quarterly Reports. We do not independently
verify or participate in the preparation of these disclosures. We are required to separately file with the SEC a notice when such activities have been disclosed in this report, and the SEC is required to post such notice of disclosure on its website
and send the report to the President and certain U.S. Congressional committees. The President thereafter is required to initiate an investigation and, within 180 days of initiating such an investigation, determine whether sanctions should be
imposed. Disclosure of such activity, even if such activity is not subject to sanctions under applicable law, and any sanctions actually imposed on us or our affiliates as a result of these activities, could harm our reputation and have a negative
impact on our business, and any failure to disclose any such activities as required could additionally result in fines or penalties.  
 Financial regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect our business.  
 The financial services industry is, and continues to be, the subject of heightened regulatory scrutiny in the United States. For example,
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”), enacted in July 2010, imposed significant changes on almost every aspect of the U.S. financial services industry, including aspects of our business. Some
aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act have not been fully implemented and it is uncertain how certain requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act will be impacted in the near future. The Trump administration has indicated a desire to repeal, revise or replace
aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act, but the timing and details on specific proposals are uncertain.  
      30  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act amended the Exchange Act to direct the Federal
Reserve and other federal regulatory agencies to adopt rules requiring sponsors of asset-backed securities to retain at least 5% of the credit risk relating to the assets that underlie such asset-backed securities. In October 2014, five federal
banking and housing agencies and the SEC issued the final credit risk retention rules (the “U.S. Risk Retention Rules”). With respect to the regulation of CLOs, the U.S. Risk Retention Rules generally require that the “sponsor”
(which, in most cases, will be us) or a “majority-owned affiliate” thereof (in each case as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) retain an “eligible vertical interest” or an “eligible horizontal residual interest”
(in each case as defined therein) or any combination thereof in the CLO in the manner required by the U.S. Risk Retention Rules.    On April 5, 2018, the United States District Court for the District of Columbia entered an order implementing a prior ruling of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia and
thereby vacating the U.S. risk retention rules insofar as they apply to CLO managers of “open market CLOs” (described in the ruling as CLOs where assets are acquired from “arms-length negotiations and trading on an open market”).
In addition, the SEC and Federal Reserve did not request that the case be heard by the United States Supreme Court. As a result, CLO managers of “open market CLOs” will no longer be required to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules,
and no party to such “open market CLOs” will be required to acquire and retain an economic interest in the credit risk of the securitized assets. However, the ruling also does not impact the risk retention rules imposed by authorities
outside the United States. We are in the process of evaluating this decision and its ultimate impact on our business.    There
has been increasing commentary amongst regulators and intergovernmental institutions, including the Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) and International Monetary Fund, on the topic of  so-called 
“shadow banking,” a term generally taken to refer to credit intermediation involving entities and activities outside the regulated banking system. Although private equity firms have generally not been the recent focus of this commentary,
if regulators were to extend regulatory and supervisory requirements currently applicable to banks to certain sectors or funds of our business or if we are considered to be engaged in “shadow banking,” the regulatory and operating costs
associated therewith could adversely impact our business. In the United States, the Financial Stability Oversight Council (the “FSOC”) has the authority under the Dodd-Frank Act to review the activities of
 non-bank  financial companies predominantly engaged in financial activities and designate those companies determined to be “systemically important” for supervision by the Federal Reserve. To date,
FSOC has not designated any asset management firms or funds, including Blackstone, as a systemically important financial institution. While we believe it to be unlikely that we would be designated as systemically important, if such designation were
to occur, we would be subject to significantly increased levels of regulation, which includes, without limitation, a requirement to adopt heightened standards relating to capital, leverage, liquidity, risk management, credit exposure reporting and
concentration limits, restrictions on acquisitions and being subject to annual stress tests by the Federal Reserve.    Rule  206(4)-5  under the Advisers Act regarding “pay to play” practices by investment advisers involving campaign contributions and other payments to government clients and elected officials able to exert
influence on such clients prohibits investment advisers from providing advisory services for compensation to a government client for two years, subject to very limited exceptions, after the investment adviser, its senior executives or its personnel
involved in soliciting investments from government entities make contributions to certain candidates and officials in position to influence the hiring of an investment adviser by such government client. Advisers are required to implement compliance
policies designed, among other matters, to track contributions by certain of the adviser’s employees and engagements of third parties that solicit government entities and to keep certain records in order to enable the SEC to determine
compliance with the rule. Any failure on our part to comply with the rule could expose us to significant penalties and reputational damage. In addition, there have been similar rules on a state level regarding “pay to play” practices by
investment advisers.    In April 2016, the U.S. Department of Labor issued a final rule (the “DOL Fiduciary Rule”) to
expand the definition of “investment advice fiduciary” under ERISA and thereby the circumstances in which certain investment advisers and other intermediaries are treated as fiduciaries to ERISA plans and individual retirement accounts. On
March 15, 2018, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit vacated the DOL Fiduciary Rule and accompanying exemptions in their entirety. On June 21, 2018, the Fifth Circuit issued the mandate that makes effective its decision
 
      31  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
to vacate the DOL Fiduciary Rule. Whether the DOL Fiduciary Rule will resurface in its original form and/or some variation is impossible to determine. In addition, several states have taken
actions to potentially institute a rule similar to the DOL Fiduciary Rule. While these rules are not finalized, any such rule could have an adverse effect on the distribution of our products to certain investors.  
 On April 18, 2018, the SEC released for public comment a package of proposed actions on the standards of conduct and required
disclosures for broker-dealers and investment advisers. These proposed actions would apply more broadly than, and in certain relevant respects would operate similarly to, the DOL Fiduciary Rule. One of the proposals, entitled “Regulation Best
Interest,” would require broker-dealers to act in the “best interest” of retail customers at the time a recommendation is made without placing the financial or other interests of the broker-dealer ahead of the interests of the retail
customer. Additionally, the SEC proposed a new requirement for both broker-dealers and investment advisers to provide a brief relationship summary to retail investors with information intended to clarify the relationship between the parties.
Finally, the SEC issued a proposed interpretation regarding the fiduciary duty that investment advisers owe their clients. The SEC has received thousands of comments from disparate stakeholders regarding these proposed actions. Whether the proposed
actions will be adopted, and whether any final rule will remain in its current form, is impossible to determine. The final rules, if they become fully applicable in their current form, could have an adverse effect on the distribution of our products
to certain investors.    Any changes in the regulatory framework applicable to our business, including the changes described
above, may impose additional compliance and other costs, increase regulatory investigations of the investment activities of our funds, require the attention of our senior management, affect the manner in which we conduct our business and adversely
affect our profitability. The full extent of the impact on us of the Dodd-Frank Act or any other new laws, regulations or initiatives that may be proposed, including by the Trump administration, which has expressed support for, and proposed,
potential modifications to the Dodd-Frank Act and other deregulatory measures, is impossible to determine.    Financial deregulation
measures proposed and recently enacted by the Trump administration and members of the U.S. Congress may create regulatory uncertainty for the financial sector, increase competition in certain of our investment strategies and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations.    The Trump administration’s legislative agenda may
include certain deregulatory measures for the U.S. financial services industry, including changes to the Volcker Rule, the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, capital and liquidity requirements, FSOC’s authority and other aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act.
On February 3, 2017, President Trump signed an executive order calling for the administration to review U.S. financial laws and regulations in order to determine their consistency with a set of core principles identified in the order. In
response to this executive order, the U.S. Department of Treasury released four reports that identify laws and regulations that are inconsistent with the core principles set forth in the executive order and proposed recommendations for reform in the
regulation of banks and credit unions, capital markets, asset management and insurance companies, and nonbank financials and financial technology companies. On May 24, 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act
(the “Reform Act”) was signed into law. Among other financial regulatory changes, the Reform Act amends various sections of the Dodd-Frank Act, including by modifying the Volcker Rule to exempt certain insured depository institutions. The
Reform Act and various other proposals focused on deregulation of the U.S. financial services industry may have the effect of increasing competition for our businesses. For example, increased competition from banks and other financial institutions
in the credit markets could have the effect of reducing credit spreads, which may adversely affect the revenues of our credit and other businesses whose strategies include the provision of credit to borrowers.  
 Whether any particular other legislative or regulatory proposals will be enacted or adopted remains unclear. In addition, it is not
possible to determine the full extent of any impact on us or any of the portfolio companies of our funds of any such potential financial reform legislation, or whether any such proposal will become law. Any changes in the regulatory framework
applicable to our business or the businesses of the portfolio companies of our funds, including the changes described above, may impose additional costs, require the attention of our senior management or result in limitations on the manner in which
business is conducted, or may ultimately have an adverse impact on the competitiveness of certain  non-bank  financial service providers
 vis-à-vis  traditional banking organizations.  
      32  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The potential for further governmental policy changes and regulatory reform by the Trump
administration and the U.S. Congress may create regulatory uncertainty for our funds’ portfolio companies and our investment strategies and adversely affect the profitability of our funds’ portfolio companies.  
 Governmental policy changes and regulatory reform could have a material impact on the investment strategies of our funds. A prolonged
environment of regulatory uncertainty may make the identification of attractive investment opportunities and the deployment of capital more challenging. In addition, our ability to identify business and other risks associated with new investments
depends in part on our ability to anticipate and accurately assess regulatory and other changes that may have a material impact on the businesses in which we choose to invest. The failure to accurately predict the possible outcome of policy changes
and regulatory reform could have a material adverse effect on the returns generated from our funds’ investments and our revenues.    In March 2018, the U.S. imposed an additional 25% tariff under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, on steel products, including stainless steel, imported into the U.S. These
new tariffs have resulted in, and may continue to trigger, retaliatory actions by affected countries, including the imposition of tariffs on the U.S. by other countries. Certain foreign governments have instituted or are considering imposing trade
sanctions on certain U.S. goods. Others are considering the imposition of sanctions that will deny U.S. companies access to critical raw materials. Further governmental actions related to the imposition of tariffs or other trade barriers or changes
to international trade agreements or policies, could further increase costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of products and services offered by current and future portfolio companies and adversely affect the revenues and profitability
of companies whose businesses rely on goods imported from outside of the U.S.    In addition, trade tensions between the U.S.
and China continued to escalate in 2018 and early 2019. Further escalation of the “trade war” between the U.S. and China, or the countries’ inability to reach a timely trade agreement, may negatively impact the rate of global growth,
particularly in China, which has and continues to exhibit signs of slowing growth. Such slowing growth could adversely affect the revenues and profitability of our funds’ portfolio companies.  
 President Trump has also advocated for greater restrictions on international trade generally and has expressed antipathy toward certain
international trade agreements and organizations, including the North American Free Trade Agreement and the World Trade Organization (the “WTO”). If the U.S. were to withdraw from or materially modify international trade agreements to
which it is a party, or if the U.S. were to withdraw from trade organizations such as the WTO, certain foreign-sourced goods that are sold or purchased by our portfolio companies may no longer be available at commercially attractive prices or at
all, which in turn could adversely affect the revenues and profitability of such companies.    Further, the Trump administration
has outlined governmental policy changes and/or regulatory reform in multiple other areas, including tax, immigration, healthcare, labor, infrastructure and energy. While there is currently a substantial lack of clarity around the likelihood, timing
and details of many such potential changes, such changes may adversely affect the companies in which we have invested or choose to invest in the future in a number of ways, including, without limitation:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Immigration reform has been a continued area of focus for the Trump administration. Although the details and timing of potential changes to immigration
law are difficult to predict, restrictions on the ability of individuals from certain countries to obtain  non-immigrant  visas or limitations on the number of individuals eligible for U.S. work visas may make
it more difficult for current and future portfolio companies to recruit and retain skilled foreign workers and may increase labor and compliance costs.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Effective for months beginning after December 31, 2018, the Tax Reform Bill provides for the repeal of the provision of the Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act (“ACA”), which requires certain individuals without minimum health coverage to pay a penalty. This repeal and other measures being pursued by the Trump administration could result in an increase in the size of the
uninsured population or a reduction in funds presently available to patients as a result of the repeal of this provision or the  
      33  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
   
potential repeal of other significant portions of the ACA could adversely affect multiple businesses in the healthcare industry, including pharmaceutical companies that benefit from purchases by
individuals covered by government-subsidized insurance, hospitals that may be required to increase write-offs for bad debt resulting from the inability of insured patients to pay for care and insurance companies that have developed effective plans
for participating in healthcare exchanges. Further, one court has ruled that the ACA is unconstitutional, but stayed that decision pending resolution of an appeal. If that decision is not reversed on appeal, that could exacerbate the types of
adverse developments that are described above.    Although there is a substantial lack of clarity regarding
the likelihood, timing and details of any such potential changes, such changes may impose additional costs on the companies in which we have invested or choose to invest in the future, require the attention of senior management or result in
limitations on the manner in which the companies in which we have invested or choose to invest in the future conduct business.    Changes
in U.S. and foreign tax law could adversely affect our ability to raise funds from certain foreign investors or increase our compliance or withholding tax costs.    Under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”), all entities in a broadly defined class of foreign financial institutions (“FFIs”) are required to comply with a
complicated and expansive reporting regime or be subject to a 30% United States withholding tax on certain U.S. payments, and  non-U.S.  entities which are not FFIs are required to either certify they have no
substantial U.S. beneficial ownership or to report certain information with respect to their substantial U.S. beneficial ownership or be subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax on certain U.S. payments. The reporting obligations imposed under FATCA
require FFIs to enter into agreements with the IRS to obtain and disclose information about certain investors to the IRS. In addition, the administrative and economic costs of compliance with FATCA may discourage some foreign investors from
investing in U.S. funds, which could adversely affect our ability to raise funds from these investors. Other countries such as Luxembourg, the U.K. and the Cayman Islands have implemented regimes similar to that of FATCA. For example, under an
initiative known as Global FATCA, more than 100 OECD member countries have committed to automatic exchange of information relating to accounts held by tax residents of signatory countries, using a Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”).
Compliance with such regimes could result in increased administrative and compliance costs and could subject our investment entities to increased withholding taxes.    Recent regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the United States could adversely affect our business.    Similar to the environment in the United States, the current environment in jurisdictions outside the United States in which we operate, in particular Europe, has become subject to further
regulation. Governmental regulators and other authorities in Europe have proposed or implemented a number of initiatives and additional rules and regulations that could adversely affect our business. Increasingly, the rules and regulations in the
financial sector in Europe are becoming more prescriptive.    The AIFMD, as transposed into national law within the member
states of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), was implemented in 2013 and established a new regulatory regime for alternative investment fund managers, including private equity and hedge fund managers. The AIFMD regulates managers
established in or with a registered office in the EEA managing one or more alternative investments funds, but it also regulates non  EEA-based  managers, such as our affiliates, when they seek to market
alternative investment funds in the EEA. We have had to comply with these and other requirements of the AIFMD in order to market our investment funds to professional investors in the EEA, including compliance with prescribed  pre-investment  disclosures, prescribed annual report disclosures, periodic reporting to regulators in respect of each fund marketed, and asset-stripping restrictions in relation to the acquisition of  non-listed  companies or issuers established in the EEA (these restrictions prohibit certain distributions to shareholders for 24 months following closing of an acquisition).  
 Our AIFM in Luxembourg and the European fund structures in respect of which it is the appointed investment manager, are subject to the
full requirements of the AIFMD, such as rules relating to, among other things,  
      34  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
depositary oversight, remuneration, minimum regulatory capital requirements, restrictions on the use of leverage, requirements in relation to liquidity, risk management and valuation of assets.
The establishment of a platform in the EEA has increased the ongoing cost of administration and compliance with the AIFMD, including costs and expenses of collecting and collating data of the EEA funds and the preparation of regular reports to be
filed with the regulator. The advantages of this structure potentially come at a cost of greater overall complexity, higher compliance and administration costs and less overall flexibility.  
 The EU Securitization Regulation (the “Securitization Regulation”), which became effective on January 1, 2019, repealed
and replaced the securitization provisions in a range of sector-specific European Union legislation, including the AIFMD. The Securitization Regulation imposes due diligence and risk retention requirements on “institutional investors,”
which includes managers of alternative investment funds assets, and constrains the ability of alternative investment funds to invest in securitization positions that do not comply with the prescribed risk retention requirements. Unlike the
predecessor provisions, these requirements may apply not only to AIFs managed by EU AIFMs but may also apply to AIFs managed by  non-EU  AIFMs where those AIFs have been registered for marketing in the EU under
Article 42 of the AIFMD. Consequently, the requirements apply to any Blackstone managed investment funds that have been registered for marketing in the EU. Given the expanded breadth of the revised regulation, this may impact or limit our
funds’ ability to make certain investments that constitute “securitizations” under the Securitization Regulation and may impose additional reporting obligations on securitizations, which may increase the costs of managing such
vehicles. In addition, the existence of the requirement to “retain risk” limits the ability of the investment manager to market portions of the securitization to investors, which may result in less fee revenues to us.  
 The EU Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II, as transposed into national law within the member states of the EU and the EU
Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation (collectively, “MiFID II”), came into force on January 3, 2018 and overhauled and expanded the existing body of EU law regulating investment firms, which had been in effect since 2007. MiFID
II requires, among other things, all MiFID investment firms, including private equity and hedge fund managers, to comply with more prescriptive disclosure, transparency, reporting and recordkeeping obligations and enhanced obligations in relation to
the receipt of investment research, best execution, product governance and marketing communications. As we operate investment firms which are subject to MiFID, we have implemented revised policies and procedures to comply with MiFID II where
relevant, including where certain rules have an extraterritorial impact on the firm. Compliance with MiFID II has resulted in greater overall complexity, higher compliance and administration and operational costs and less overall flexibility.
   The EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) replaced the existing data protection directive and, as a
regulation, has direct effect in all EU member states from May 25, 2018. Although a number of the existing principles for the protection of personal data remain, the GDPR is designed to harmonize data privacy laws across Europe and reshape the
way organizations approach data privacy. The GDPR introduced new obligations and expanded the territorial reach of EU data protection legislation. It applies to all organizations processing or holding personal data of EU ‘data subjects’
(regardless of the organization’s location) as well as to organizations outside the EU that offer goods or services in the EU, or that monitor the behavior of EU data subjects. Personal data is information that can be used to identify a natural
person, including a name, a photo, an email address, or a computer IP address. Compliance with the GDPR requires companies to analyze and evaluate how they handle data in the ordinary course of their business, from processes to technology. It
imposes a prescriptive approach to compliance requiring organizations to demonstrate and record compliance and to provide much more detailed information to data subjects regarding processing. EU data subjects are given full disclosure about how
their personal data will be used and stored. Companies must be in a position to delete information from their global systems permanently if consent, where required, is withdrawn. As with any other organization that holds personal data of EU data
subjects, we are required to comply with the GDPR because, among other things, we process European individuals’ personal data in the U.S. via our global technology systems. Financial regulators and data protection authorities throughout the EU
have significantly increased audit and investigatory powers under GDPR to probe how personal data is being used and processed. Penalties for  non-compliance  are material. Serious breaches of GDPR include
antitrust-like  
      35  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
fines on companies of up to the greater of €20 million or 4% of global group turnover in the preceding year, regulatory action and reputational risk.  
 Following the financial crisis the FSB has taken on an increasingly important role in promoting the reform of international financial
regulation through coordinating national financial authorities and international standard-setting bodies in their development of regulatory, supervisory and financial sector policies. One of the risks identified by the FSB to the stability of the
financial system is credit intermediation (involving maturity and liquidity transformation) and/or a  build-up  of leverage by  non-bank  entities —  so-called  “shadow banking.”    The European Banking Authority (“EBA”) has
issued guidelines which set appropriate aggregate limits to shadow banking entities when carrying out banking activities. While most alternative investment funds are excluded from the definition of “shadow banking entity,” funds that use
leverage on a substantial basis at fund level or have certain third party lending exposures are within the definition. When dealing with shadow banking entities, the EEA financial institution would be required to implement additional effective
processes (including with respect to due diligence) and set internal aggregate and individual limits to such exposures where they exceed 0.25% of the institution’s eligible capital. While the guidelines do not themselves introduce a
quantitative limit to institutions’ exposures to shadow banking entities at the individual or aggregate exposure level, they place the responsibility on the banking sector to demonstrate that risks are managed effectively. Affected institutions
are required to set internal aggregate and individual limits to exposures to individual shadow banking entities which could limit or restrict the availability of credit and/or increase the cost of credit from these institutions for impacted funds.
   Germany has legislation to prohibit banks above a certain threshold from conducting credit and guarantee business with:
(i) German hedge funds or German funds of hedge funds or  (ii) non-German  funds which use leverage on a substantial basis within the meaning of the AIFMD. In Germany, certain banks are therefore
forbidden from providing loans and/or guarantees to an AIF using leverage on a substantial basis, thereby potentially limiting or restricting the availability of credit and/or increasing the cost of credit for affected funds.  
 Our investment businesses are subject to the risk that similar measures might be introduced in other countries in which our funds
currently have investments or plan to invest in the future, or that other legislative or regulatory measures that negatively affect their respective portfolio investments might be promulgated in any of the countries in which they invest.
Blackstone’s  non-U.S.  advisory entities are, to the extent required, registered with the relevant regulatory authority of the jurisdiction in which the advisory entity is domiciled. In addition, we
voluntarily participate in several transparency initiatives, including those organized by the American Investment Council, the British Private Equity and Venture Capital Association and others calling for the reporting of information concerning
companies in which certain of our funds have investments. The reporting related to such initiatives may divert the attention of our personnel and the management teams of our funds’ portfolio companies. Moreover, sensitive business information
relating to us or our funds’ portfolio companies could be publicly released.    Our use of leverage to finance our business will
expose us to substantial risks, which are exacerbated by our funds’ use of leverage to finance investments.    We
intend to use borrowings to finance our business operations as a public company. See “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources —
Sources and Uses of Liquidity” for further information regarding our outstanding borrowings. Borrowing to finance our businesses exposes us to the typical risks associated with the use of leverage, including those discussed below under
“— Dependence on significant leverage in investments by our funds could adversely affect our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments.” In order for us to utilize leverage to finance our business, we are
dependent on financial institutions such as global banks extending credit to us on terms that are reasonable to us. There is no guarantee that such institutions will continue to extend credit to us or renew any existing credit agreements we may have
with them, or that we will be able to refinance outstanding notes when they mature. We have a credit facility which provides for revolving credit borrowings that has a final maturity date of September 21, 2023. As borrowings under the facility
or any other indebtedness mature, we may be required to  
      36  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
either refinance them by entering into a new facility, which could result in higher borrowing costs, or by issuing equity, which would dilute existing unitholders. We could also repay them by
using cash on hand, cash provided by our continuing operations or cash from the sale of our assets, which could reduce distributions to our unitholders. We could have difficulty entering into new facilities or issuing equity in the future on
attractive terms, or at all. These risks are exacerbated by our funds’ use of leverage to finance investments.    We are subject to
substantial litigation risks and may face significant liabilities and damage to our professional reputation as a result of litigation allegations and negative publicity.  
 In recent years, the volume of claims and amount of damages claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against the financial
services industry in general have been increasing. The investment decisions we make in our asset management business and the activities of our investment professionals on behalf of portfolio companies of our carry funds may subject the companies,
funds and us to the risk of third party litigation arising from investor dissatisfaction with the performance of those investment funds, alleged conflicts of interest, the activities of our funds’ portfolio companies and a variety of other
litigation claims. From time to time we, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies have been and may be subject to class action suits by shareholders in public companies that we have agreed to acquire that challenge our acquisition
transactions and/or attempt to enjoin them. Please see “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” for a discussion of a certain proceeding to which we are currently a party.    In addition, to the extent investors in our investment funds suffer losses resulting from fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct, investors may have remedies against us,
our investment funds, our senior managing directors or our affiliates under the federal securities law and/or state law. While the general partners and investment advisers to our investment funds, including their directors, officers, other employees
and affiliates, are generally indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by law with respect to their conduct in connection with the management of the business and affairs of our investment funds, such indemnity does not extend to actions
determined to have involved fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct.    The activities of our
capital markets services business may also subject us to the risk of liabilities to our clients and third parties, including our clients’ stockholders, under securities or other laws in connection with transactions in which we participate.
   If any private lawsuits or regulatory actions were brought against us and resulted in a finding of substantial legal
liability, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations or cause significant reputational harm to us, which could seriously harm our business. We depend to a large extent on our business
relationships and our reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services to attract and retain investors and to pursue investment opportunities for our carry funds. As a result, allegations of improper conduct by private litigants,
regulators, or employees, whether the ultimate outcome is favorable or unfavorable to us, as well as negative publicity and press speculation about us, our investment activities, our new lines of business or distribution channels, our workplace
environment, or the private equity industry in general, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation, which may be more damaging to our business than to other types of businesses.    Employee misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subjecting us to significant legal liability and reputational harm. Fraud and other deceptive practices
or other misconduct at our funds’ portfolio companies could similarly subject us to liability and reputational damage and also harm performance.    There is a risk that our employees could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. We are subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and
our authority over the assets managed by our asset management business. The violation of these obligations and standards by any of our employees would adversely affect our clients and us. Our business often requires that we deal with confidential
matters of great significance to companies in which we may invest. If our employees were to improperly use or disclose confidential information, we could suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position and current and
 
      37  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
future business relationships. Detecting or deterring employee misconduct is not always possible, and the extensive precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in
all cases. If one of our employees were to engage in misconduct or were to be accused of such misconduct, our business and our reputation could be adversely affected.    In recent years, the U.S. Department of Justice and the SEC have devoted greater resources to enforcement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”). In addition, the U.K. has also
significantly expanded the reach of its anti-bribery laws. Local jurisdictions, such as Brazil, have also recently brought a greater focus to anti-bribery laws. While we have developed and implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure
strict compliance by us and our personnel with the FCPA, such policies and procedures may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations. Any determination that we have violated the FCPA, the U.K. anti-bribery laws or other applicable
anti-corruption laws could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties or material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could
adversely affect our business prospects, financial position or the market value of our common units.    In addition, we may also
be adversely affected if there is misconduct by personnel of portfolio companies in which our funds invest. For example, financial fraud or other deceptive practices at our funds’ portfolio companies, or failures by personnel at our funds’
portfolio companies to comply with anti-bribery, trade sanctions, anti-harassment or other legal and regulatory requirements, could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties or material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions
on future conduct and securities litigation, and could also cause significant reputational and business harm to us. Such misconduct may undermine our due diligence efforts with respect to such portfolio companies and could negatively affect the
valuations of the investments by our funds in such portfolio companies. In addition, we may face an increased risk of such misconduct to the extent our investment in  non-U.S.  markets, particularly emerging
markets, increases.    Poor performance of our investment funds would cause a decline in our revenue, income and cash flow, may obligate
us to repay Performance Allocations previously paid to us, and could adversely affect our ability to raise capital for future investment funds.    In the event that any of our investment funds were to perform poorly, our revenue, income and cash flow would decline because the value of our assets under management would decrease, which would result in
a reduction in management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the Performance Allocations and Incentive Fees we earn. Moreover, we could experience losses on our investments of our own principal as a result
of poor investment performance by our investment funds. Furthermore, if, as a result of poor performance of later investments in a carry fund’s life, the fund does not achieve certain investment returns for the fund over its life, we will be
obligated to repay the amount by which Performance Allocations that were previously distributed to us exceed amount to which the relevant general partner is ultimately entitled.  
 Poor performance of our investment funds could make it more difficult for us to raise new capital. Investors in carry funds might decline
to invest in future investment funds we raise and investors in hedge funds or other investment funds might withdraw their investments as a result of poor performance of the investment funds in which they are invested. Investors and potential
investors in our funds continually assess our investment funds’ performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future investment funds and avoid excessive redemption levels will depend on our investment funds’ continued
satisfactory performance. Accordingly, poor fund performance may deter future investment in our funds and thereby decrease the capital invested in our funds and ultimately, our management fee revenue. Alternatively, in the face of poor fund
performance, investors could demand lower fees or fee concessions for existing or future funds which would likewise decrease our revenue.  
      38  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our asset management business depends in large part on our ability to raise capital from third
party investors. If we are unable to raise capital from third party investors on attractive fee terms or at all, our ability to collect management fees or deploy such capital into investments and potentially collect Performance Allocations would be
impacted, which would materially reduce our revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition.    Our
ability to raise capital from third party investors depends on a number of factors, including certain factors that are outside our control. Certain factors, such as the performance of the stock market and the asset allocation rules or investment
policies to which such third party investors are subject, could inhibit or restrict the ability of third party investors to make investments in our investment funds or the asset classes in which our investment funds invest. For example, state
politicians and lawmakers in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and North Carolina have recently taken steps or expressed intent to take steps to reduce or minimize the ability of their state pension funds to invest in alternative asset classes. The
Pennsylvania governor, for example, asked the state’s two retirement funds to close out their private equity investments in favor of an  all-index  fund strategy, citing high fees paid to alternative asset
managers, and in New Jersey, new commitments by the state pension fund to private equity were frozen in 2018. There is no assurance that other states will not take similar actions, which may impair our access to capital from an investor base that
has historically represented a significant portion of our fundraising. In addition, volatility in the valuations of investments, has in the past and may in the future affect our ability to raise capital from third party investors. To the extent
periods of volatility are coupled with a lack of realizations from investors’ existing private equity and real estate portfolios, as was the case in 2008 and 2009, such investors may be left with disproportionately outsized remaining
commitments to a number of investment funds, which significantly limits such investors’ ability to make new commitments to third party managed investment funds such as those managed by us.  
 Our ability to raise new funds could similarly be hampered if the general appeal of private equity and other alternative investments were
to decline. An investment in a limited partner interest in a private equity fund is more illiquid and the returns on such investment may be more volatile than an investment in securities for which there is a more active and transparent market. In
periods of positive markets and low volatility, for example, investors may favor passive investment strategies such as index funds over our actively managed investment vehicles. Alternative investments could also fall into disfavor as a result of
concerns about liquidity and short-term performance. Such concerns could be exhibited, in particular, by public pension funds, which have historically been among the largest investors in alternative assets. Many public pension funds are
significantly underfunded and their funding problems have been, and may in the future be, exacerbated by economic downturn. Concerns with liquidity could cause such public pension funds to reevaluate the appropriateness of alternative investments.
Although a number of investors, including certain public pension funds, have increased their allocations to the alternative investments asset class in recent years, there is no assurance that this will continue or that our ability to raise capital
from investors will not be hampered. In addition, our ability to raise capital from third parties outside of the U.S. could be limited to the extent other countries, such as China, impose restrictions or limitations on outbound foreign investment.
   Moreover, certain institutional investors are demonstrating a preference to  in-source 
their own investment professionals and to make direct investments in alternative assets without the assistance of private equity advisers like us. Such institutional investors may become our competitors and could cease to be our clients. As some
existing investors cease or significantly curtail making commitments to alternative investment funds, we may need to identify and attract new investors in order to maintain or increase the size of our investment funds. There are no assurances that
we can find or secure commitments from those new investors or that the fee terms of the commitments from such new investors will be consistent with the fees historically paid to us by our investors. If economic conditions were to deteriorate or if
we are unable to find new investors, we might raise less than our desired amount for a given fund. Further, as we seek to expand into other asset classes, we may be unable to raise a sufficient amount of capital to adequately support such
businesses. For example, the private credit markets and the fundraising environment remain extremely competitive and, as a result, our direct lending fundraising efforts may be delayed beyond our expectations and/or may not be successful in
replacing and/or exceeding the Assets Under Management, revenues and earnings associated with our terminated  sub-advisory  relationship with FS Investments. If we are unable to successfully raise capital, it
could materially reduce our revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition.  
      39  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  In connection with raising new funds or making further investments in existing funds,
we negotiate terms for such funds and investments with existing and potential investors. The outcome of such negotiations could result in our agreement to terms that are materially less favorable to us than for prior funds we have managed or funds
managed by our competitors, including with respect to management fees, incentive fees and/or carried interest, which could have an adverse impact on our revenues. Such terms could also restrict our ability to raise investment funds with investment
objectives or strategies that compete with existing funds, add additional expenses and obligations for us in managing the fund or increase our potential liabilities, all of which could ultimately reduce our revenues. In addition, certain
institutional investors, including sovereign wealth funds and public pension funds, have demonstrated an increased preference for alternatives to the traditional investment fund structure, such as managed accounts, smaller funds and  co-investment  vehicles. There can be no assurance that such alternatives will be as profitable for us as the traditional investment fund structure, or as to the impact such a trend could have on the cost of our
operations or profitability if we were to implement these alternative investment structures. In addition, certain institutional investors, including public pension funds, have publicly criticized certain fund fee and expense structures, including
management fees and transaction and advisory fees. Although we have no obligation to modify any of our fees with respect to our existing funds, we may experience pressure to do so in our funds. For example, we have confronted and expect to continue
to confront requests from a variety of investors and groups representing investors to decrease fees, which could result in a reduction in the fees and Performance Allocations and Incentive Fees we earn.  
 We have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of investment products we offer to retail investors, which
could expose us to new and greater levels of risk.    Although retail investors have been part of our historic
distribution efforts, we have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of investment products we offer to high net worth individuals, family offices and other mass affluent investors. In some cases we seek to
distribute our unregistered funds to such retail investors indirectly through feeder funds sponsored by brokerage firms, private banks or third party feeder providers, and in other cases directly to the qualified clients of private banks,
independent investment advisors and brokers. In other cases we create registered investment products specifically designed for direct investment by retail investors. Our initiatives to access retail investors entail the investment of resources and
our objectives may not be fully realized.    Moreover, accessing retail investors and selling retail directed products exposes
us to new and greater levels of risk, including heightened litigation and regulatory enforcement risks. To the extent we distribute retail products through new channels, including through unaffiliated firms, we may not be able to effectively monitor
or control the manner of their distribution, which could result in litigation against us, including with respect to, among other things, claims that products distributed through such channels are distributed to customers for whom they are unsuitable
or distributed in any other inappropriate manner. Although we seek to ensure through due diligence and onboarding procedures that the channels through which retail investors access our investment products conduct themselves responsibly, to the
extent that our investment products are being distributed through third parties, we are exposed to reputation damage and possible legal liability to the extent such third parties improperly sell our products to investors. Similarly, the hiring of
employees to oversee independent advisors and brokers presents risks if they fail to follow training, review and supervisory procedures. In addition, the distribution of retail products through new channels whether directly or through market
intermediaries could expose us to additional regulatory risk in the form of allegations of improper conduct and/or actions by state and federal regulators against us with respect to, among other things, product suitability, conflicts of interest and
the adequacy of disclosure to customers to whom our products are distributed through those channels.    We are subject to increasing
scrutiny from institutional investors with respect to the social cost of investments made by our funds, which may constrain capital deployment opportunities for our funds and adversely impact our ability to raise capital from such investors.
   In recent years, certain institutional investors, including public pension funds, have placed increasing importance on
the implications and social cost of investments made by the private equity and other funds to which  
      40  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
they commit capital, including with respect to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters. Certain public pension funds have also demonstrated increased activism with respect
to existing investments, including by urging asset managers to take certain actions that could adversely impact the value of an investment, or refrain from taking certain actions that could improve the value of an investment. At times, investors
have conditioned future capital commitments on the taking or refraining from taking of such actions. Investors’ increased focus and activism related to ESG and similar matters may constrain our capital deployment opportunities. In addition,
institutional investors may decide to withdraw previously committed capital from our funds (where such withdrawal is permitted) or to not commit capital to future fundraises as a result of their assessment of our approach to and consideration of the
social cost of investments made by our funds. As public pension funds represent a significant portion of our funds’ investor bases, to the extent our access to capital from such investors is impaired, we may not be able to maintain or increase
the size of our funds or raise sufficient capital for new funds, which may adversely impact our revenues.    In addition, ESG
matters have been the subject of increased focus by certain regulators in the EU. For example, in May 2018 the European Commission proposed legislative reforms relating in part to formalizing the duties and disclosure obligations of investors, funds
and asset managers in relation to ESG factors. These proposals are currently in the EU legislative process and are likely to be implemented in 2020. If implemented, we may be required to provide additional disclosure to investors in our funds with
respect to ESG risks.    Valuation methodologies for certain assets in our funds can be subject to significant subjectivity and the fair
value of assets established pursuant to such methodologies may never be realized, which could result in significant losses for our funds.    Our investment funds make investments in illiquid investments or financial instruments for which there is little, if any, market activity. We determine the value of such investments and financial
instruments on at least a quarterly basis based on the fair value of such investments. The fair value of such investments and financial instruments is generally determined using several methodologies described in the investment funds’ valuation
policies.    The determination of fair value using these methodologies takes into consideration a range of factors including but
not limited to the price at which the investment was acquired, the nature of the investment, local market conditions, trading values on public exchanges for comparable securities, current and projected operating performance and financing
transactions subsequent to the acquisition of the investment. These valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of management judgment. For example, as to investments that we share with another sponsor, we may apply a different valuation
methodology than the other sponsor does or derive a different value than the other sponsor has derived on the same investment. These differences might cause some investors to question our valuations. See “Part II. Item 7. Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation — Critical Accounting Policies” for an overview of critical accounting policies that could potentially produce materially different results if we were to change
underlying assumptions, estimates, methodologies and/or judgments used in the determination of the value of certain investments and financial instruments.    Because there is significant uncertainty in the valuation of, or in the stability of the value of illiquid investments, the fair values of such investments as reflected in an investment fund’s net
asset value do not necessarily reflect the prices that would actually be obtained by us on behalf of the investment fund when such investments are realized. Realizations at values significantly lower than the values at which investments have been
reflected in prior fund net asset values would result in losses for the applicable fund, a decline in asset management fees and the loss of potential Performance Allocations and Incentive Fees. Changes in values attributed to investments from
quarter to quarter may result in volatility in the net asset values and results of operations and cash flow that we report from period to period. Also, a situation where asset values turn out to be materially different than values reflected in prior
fund net asset values could cause investors to lose confidence in us, which would in turn result in difficulty in raising additional funds or redemptions from our hedge funds.  
      41  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Interest rates on our and our portfolio companies’ outstanding financial instruments might
be subject to change based on regulatory developments, which could adversely affect our revenue, expenses and the value of those financial instruments.    LIBOR and certain other floating rate benchmark indices are the subject of recent national, international and regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to
perform differently than in the past or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. On July 27, 2017, the FCA, which regulates LIBOR, publicly announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after
2021. It is expected that a transition away from the widespread use of LIBOR to alternative rates will occur over the course of the next several years. As a result of this transition, interest rates on our CLOs and other financial instruments tied
to LIBOR rates, as well as the revenue and expenses associated with those financial instruments, may be adversely affected. Further, any uncertainty regarding the continued use and reliability of LIBOR as a benchmark interest rate could adversely
affect the value of our and our portfolio companies’ financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates. There is no guarantee that a transition from LIBOR to an alternative will not result in financial market disruptions or a significant increase in
benchmark rates or borrowing costs to borrowers. Although we have been proactively negotiating provisions in our portfolio companies’ recent debt agreements to provide additional flexibility to address the transition away from LIBOR, there is
no assurance that we will be able to adequately minimize the risk of disruption to us or our portfolio companies from the discontinuation of LIBOR or other changes to benchmark indices.    The historical returns attributable to our funds should not be considered as indicative of the future results of our funds or of our future results or of any returns expected on an investment in our
common units.    The historical and potential future returns of the investment funds that we manage are not directly
linked to returns on our common units. Therefore, any continued positive performance of the investment funds that we manage will not necessarily result in positive returns on an investment in our common units. However, poor performance of the
investment funds that we manage would cause a decline in our revenue from such investment funds, and would therefore have a negative effect on our performance and in all likelihood the returns on an investment in our common units.  
 Moreover, with respect to the historical returns of our investment funds:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   we may create new funds in the future that reflect a different asset mix and different investment strategies, as well as a varied geographic and
industry exposure as compared to our present funds, and any such new funds could have different returns from our existing or previous funds,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   as the global markets rebounded from the 2008-2009 financial crisis, despite periods of volatility, market conditions have been largely favorable,
which helped to generate positive performance, particularly in our private equity and real estate businesses, but there can be no assurance that such conditions will repeat or that our current or future investment funds will avail themselves of
comparable market conditions,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the rates of returns of our carry funds reflect unrealized gains as of the applicable measurement date that may never be realized, which may adversely
affect the ultimate value realized from those funds’ investments,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   competition for investment opportunities resulting from, among other things, the increased amount of capital invested in alternative investment funds
continues to increase,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our investment funds’ returns in some years benefited from investment opportunities and general market conditions that may not repeat themselves,
our current or future investment funds might not be able to avail themselves of comparable investment opportunities or market conditions, and the circumstances under which our current or future funds may make future investments may differ
significantly from those conditions prevailing in the past,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   newly established funds may generate lower returns during the period in which they initially deploy their capital, and  
      42  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   the rates of return reflect our historical cost structure, which may vary in the future due to various factors enumerated elsewhere in this report and
other factors beyond our control, including changes in laws.    The future internal rate of return for any
current or future fund may vary considerably from the historical internal rate of return generated by any particular fund, or for our funds as a whole. In addition, future returns will be affected by the applicable risks described elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form  10-K,  including risks of the industries and businesses in which a particular fund invests.    Dependence on significant leverage in investments by our funds could adversely affect our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments.  
 Many of our carry funds’ investments rely heavily on the use of leverage, and our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on
investments will depend on our ability to access sufficient sources of indebtedness at attractive rates. For example, in many private equity and real estate investments, indebtedness may constitute as much as 70% or more of a portfolio
company’s or real estate asset’s total debt and equity capitalization, including debt that may be incurred in connection with the investment. The absence of available sources of sufficient senior debt financing for extended periods of time
could therefore materially and adversely affect our private equity and real estate businesses. In addition, in March 2013, the Federal Reserve and other U.S. federal banking agencies issued updated leveraged lending guidance covering transactions
characterized by a degree of financial leverage. Such guidance may limit the amount or cost of financing we are able to obtain for our transactions, and as a result, the returns on our investments may suffer. However, the status of the 2013
leveraged lending guidance remains uncertain following a determination by the Government Accountability Office, on October 19, 2017, that such guidance constituted a “rule” for purposes of the Congressional Review Act of 1996. As a
result, the guidance was required to be submitted to Congress for review. It is possible the guidance could be overturned if a joint resolution of disapproval is passed by Congress. Furthermore, new limits on the deductibility of corporate interest
expense could make it more costly to use debt financing for our acquisitions or otherwise have an adverse impact on the cost structure of our transactions, and could therefore adversely affect the returns on our funds’ investments. See
“— Comprehensive U.S. federal income tax reform became effective in 2018, which could adversely affect us.”  
 In addition, an increase in either the general levels of interest rates or in the risk spread demanded by sources of indebtedness would
make it more expensive to finance those businesses’ investments. Increases in interest rates could also make it more difficult to locate and consummate private equity investments because other potential buyers, including operating companies
acting as strategic buyers, may be able to bid for an asset at a higher price due to a lower overall cost of capital or their ability to benefit from a higher amount of cost savings following the acquisition of the asset. In addition, a portion of
the indebtedness used to finance private equity investments often includes high yield debt securities issued in the capital markets. Availability of capital from the high yield debt markets is subject to significant volatility, and there may be
times when we might not be able to access those markets at attractive rates, or at all, when completing an investment. In particular, in late 2018 the credit markets experienced a contraction in the availability of credit, which temporarily impacted
the ability to obtain attractive debt financing transactions.    Investments in highly leveraged entities are inherently more
sensitive to declines in revenues, increases in expenses and interest rates and adverse economic, market and industry developments. The incurrence of a significant amount of indebtedness by an entity could, among other things:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   give rise to an obligation to make mandatory  pre-payments  of debt using excess cash flow, which might limit the
entity’s ability to respond to changing industry conditions to the extent additional cash is needed for the response, to make unplanned but necessary capital expenditures or to take advantage of growth opportunities,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limit the entity’s ability to adjust to changing market conditions, thereby placing it at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors
who have relatively less debt,  
      43  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   allow even moderate reductions in operating cash flow to render it unable to service its indebtedness, leading to a bankruptcy or other reorganization
of the entity and a loss of part or all of the equity investment in it,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limit the entity’s ability to engage in strategic acquisitions that might be necessary to generate attractive returns or further growth, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limit the entity’s ability to obtain additional financing or increase the cost of obtaining such financing, including for capital expenditures,
working capital or general corporate purposes.    As a result, the risk of loss associated with a leveraged
entity is generally greater than for companies with comparatively less debt. For example, many investments consummated by private equity sponsors during 2005, 2006 and 2007 that utilized significant amounts of leverage subsequently experienced
severe economic stress and, in certain cases, defaulted on their debt obligations due to a decrease in revenues and cash flow precipitated by the subsequent economic downturn during 2008 and 2009.  
 When our BCP and BREP funds’ existing portfolio investments reach the point when debt incurred to finance those investments mature
in significant amounts and must be either repaid or refinanced, those investments may materially suffer if they have generated insufficient cash flow to repay maturing debt and there is insufficient capacity and availability in the financing markets
to permit them to refinance maturing debt on satisfactory terms, or at all. If a limited availability of financing for such purposes were to persist for an extended period of time, when significant amounts of the debt incurred to finance our private
equity and real estate funds’ existing portfolio investments came due, these funds could be materially and adversely affected.    Many of the hedge funds in which our funds of hedge funds invest and our credit-focused funds, or CLOs, may choose to use leverage as part of their respective investment programs and regularly borrow a
substantial amount of their capital. The use of leverage poses a significant degree of risk and enhances the possibility of a significant loss in the value of the investment portfolio. A fund may borrow money from time to time to purchase or carry
securities or may enter into derivative transactions (such as total return swaps) with counterparties that have embedded leverage. The interest expense and other costs incurred in connection with such borrowing may not be recovered by appreciation
in the securities purchased or carried and will be lost — and the timing and magnitude of such losses may be accelerated or exacerbated — in the event of a decline in the market value of such securities. Gains realized with borrowed funds
may cause the fund’s net asset value to increase at a faster rate than would be the case without borrowings. However, if investment results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the fund’s net asset value could also decrease faster than if
there had been no borrowings.    Increases in interest rates could also decrease the value of fixed-rate debt investments that
our investment funds make. In addition, to the extent that any changes in tax law make debt financing less attractive to certain categories of borrowers this could adversely affect the investment opportunities for our credit-focused funds.
   Any of the foregoing circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flow.    The asset management business is intensely competitive.  
 The asset management business is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance,
the quality of service provided to clients, investor liquidity and willingness to invest, fund terms (including fees), brand recognition and business reputation. Our asset management business competes with a number of private equity funds,
specialized investment funds, hedge funds, funds of hedge funds and other sponsors managing pools of capital, as well as corporate buyers, traditional asset managers, commercial banks, investment banks and other financial institutions (including
sovereign wealth funds), and we expect that competition will continue to increase. For example, certain traditional asset managers have developed their own private equity platforms and are marketing other asset allocation strategies as alternatives
to hedge fund  
      44  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
investments. Additionally, developments in financial technology, or fintech, such as distributed ledger technology, or blockchain, have the potential to disrupt the financial industry and change
the way financial institutions, as well as asset managers, do business. A number of factors serve to increase our competitive risks:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a number of our competitors in some of our businesses have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources and more personnel than we do,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our funds may not perform as well as competitors’ funds or other available investment products,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   several of our competitors have significant amounts of capital, and many of them have similar investment objectives to ours, which may create
additional competition for investment opportunities and may reduce the size and duration of pricing inefficiencies that many alternative investment strategies seek to exploit,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our competitors, particularly strategic competitors, may have a lower cost of capital, which may be exacerbated to the extent potential changes
to the Internal Revenue Code limit the deductibility of interest expense,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us, which may create competitive disadvantages for us with respect
to investment opportunities,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our competitors may be subject to less regulation and accordingly may have more flexibility to undertake and execute certain businesses or
investments than we can and/or bear less compliance expense than we do,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our competitors may have more flexibility than us in raising certain types of investment funds under the investment management contracts they
have negotiated with their investors,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds, which could allow them to consider a
wider variety of investments and to bid more aggressively than us for investments that we want to make,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our competitors may be more successful than us in the development and implementation of new technology to address investor demand for product
and strategy innovation, particularly in the hedge fund industry,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   there are relatively few barriers to entry impeding new alternative asset fund management firms, and the successful efforts of new entrants into our
various businesses, including former “star” portfolio managers at large diversified financial institutions as well as such institutions themselves, is expected to continue to result in increased competition,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our competitors may have better expertise or be regarded by investors as having better expertise in a specific asset class or geographic region
than we do,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our competitors that are corporate buyers may be able to achieve synergistic cost savings in respect of an investment, which may provide them with a
competitive advantage in bidding for an investment,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some investors may prefer to invest with an investment manager that is not publicly traded or is smaller with only one or two investment products that
it manages, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   other industry participants will from time to time seek to recruit our investment professionals and other employees away from us.
   We may lose investment opportunities in the future if we do not match investment prices, structures and
terms offered by competitors. Alternatively, we may experience decreased rates of return and increased risks of loss if we match investment prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. Moreover, if we are forced to compete with other
alternative asset managers on the basis of price, we may not be able to maintain our current fund fee and carried interest terms. We have historically competed primarily on the performance of our funds, and not on the level of our fees or carried
interest relative to those of our competitors. However, there is a risk that fees and carried interest in the alternative investment management industry will decline, without regard to the historical performance
 
      45  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
of a manager. Fee or carried interest income reductions on existing or future funds, without corresponding decreases in our cost structure, would adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
   In addition, the attractiveness of our investment funds relative to investments in other investment products could decrease
depending on economic conditions. Furthermore, any deregulatory measures for the U.S. financial services industry undertaken by the U.S. Congress or the Trump administration may create additional competition, particularly with respect to our
credit-focused funds. See “— Financial deregulation measures proposed and recently enacted by the Trump administration and members of the U.S. Congress may create regulatory uncertainty for the financial sector, increase competition in
certain of our investment strategies and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.”  
 This competitive pressure could adversely affect our ability to make successful investments and limit our ability to raise future
investment funds, either of which would adversely impact our business, revenue, results of operations and cash flow.    The due diligence
process that we undertake in connection with investments by our investment funds may not reveal all facts and issues that may be relevant in connection with an investment.  
 Before making investments in private equity and other investments, we conduct due diligence that we deem reasonable and appropriate based
on the facts and circumstances applicable to each investment. When conducting due diligence, we may be required to evaluate important and complex business, financial, tax, accounting, environmental, social, governance and legal and regulatory
issues. Outside consultants, legal advisers, accountants and investment banks may be involved in the due diligence process in varying degrees depending on the type of investment. Nevertheless, when conducting due diligence and making an assessment
regarding an investment, we rely on the resources available to us, including information provided by the target of the investment and, in some circumstances, third party investigations. The due diligence investigation that we will carry out with
respect to any investment opportunity may not reveal or highlight all relevant facts (including fraud) or risks that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity and we may not identify or foresee future developments that
could have a material adverse effect on an investment (e.g., technological disruption across an industry).    In connection with
the due diligence that our funds of hedge funds conduct in making and monitoring investments in third party hedge funds, we rely on information supplied by third party hedge funds or by service providers to such third party hedge funds. The
information we receive from them may not be accurate or complete and therefore we may not have all the relevant facts and information necessary to properly assess and monitor our funds’ investment in a particular hedge fund.  
 Our asset management activities involve investments in relatively high-risk, illiquid assets, and we may fail to realize any profits from these
activities for a considerable period of time or lose some or all of our principal investments.    Many of our investment
funds invest in securities that are not publicly traded. In many cases, our investment funds may be prohibited by contract or by applicable securities laws from selling such securities for a period of time. Our investment funds will generally not be
able to sell these securities publicly unless their sale is registered under applicable securities laws, or unless an exemption from such registration is available. The ability of many of our investment funds, particularly our private equity funds,
to dispose of investments is heavily dependent on the public equity markets. For example, the ability to realize any value from an investment may depend upon the ability to complete an initial public offering of the portfolio company in which such
investment is held. Even if the securities are publicly traded, large holdings of securities can often be disposed of only over a substantial length of time, exposing the investment returns to risks of downward movement in market prices during the
intended disposition period. Moreover, because the investment strategy of many of our funds, particularly our private equity and real estate funds, often entails our having representation on our funds’ public portfolio company boards, our funds
may be restricted in their ability to effect such sales during certain time periods. Accordingly, under certain  
      46  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
conditions, our investment funds may be forced to either sell securities at lower prices than they had expected to realize or defer — potentially for a considerable period of time —
sales that they had planned to make. We have made and expect to continue to make significant principal investments in our current and future investment funds. Contributing capital to these investment funds is risky, and we may lose some or the
entire principal amount of our investments.    We often pursue investment opportunities that involve business, regulatory, legal or other
complexities.    As an element of our investment style, we may pursue unusually complex investment opportunities. This
can often take the form of substantial business, regulatory or legal complexity that would deter other investment managers. Our tolerance for complexity presents risks, as such transactions can be more difficult, expensive and time-consuming to
finance and execute; it can be more difficult to manage or realize value from the assets acquired in such transactions; and such transactions sometimes entail a higher level of regulatory scrutiny or a greater risk of contingent liabilities. Any of
these risks could harm the performance of our funds.    We have engaged in  large-sized 
investments, which involve certain complexities and risks that are not encountered in small- and  medium-sized  investments.    A number of our funds, including our real estate and private equity funds, have invested and plan to continue to invest in large transactions. In addition, as we raise new funds, such funds’ mandates
may include investing in large transactions. Large investments involve certain complexities and risks that are not encountered in small- and  medium-sized  investments. For example, larger transactions may be
more difficult to finance, and exiting larger deals may present challenges in many cases. In addition, larger transactions may entail greater scrutiny by regulators, labor unions and other third parties.  
 Larger transactions may be structured as “consortium transactions” due to the size of the investment and the amount of capital
required to be invested. A consortium transaction involves an equity investment in which two or more private equity firms or other large investors serve together or collectively as equity sponsors. We participated in a significant number of
consortium transactions in prior years due to the increased size of many of the transactions in which we were involved. Consortium transactions generally entail a reduced level of control by Blackstone over the investment because governance rights
must be shared with the other private equity investors. Accordingly, we may not be able to control decisions relating to the investment, including decisions relating to the management and operation of the company and the timing and nature of any
exit, which could result in the risks described in “— Our investment funds make investments in companies that we do not control.”    Any of these factors could increase the risk that our larger investments could be less successful. The consequences to our investment funds of an unsuccessful larger investment could be more severe given
the size of the investment.    Our investment funds make investments in companies that we do not control.  
 Investments by most of our investment funds will include debt instruments and equity securities of companies that we do not control. Such
instruments and securities may be acquired by our investment funds through trading activities or through purchases of securities from the issuer. In addition, a number of our funds may acquire minority equity interests (particularly in consortium
transactions, as described in “— We have engaged in  large-sized  investments, which involve certain complexities and risks that are not encountered in small- and
 medium-sized  investments”) and may also dispose of a portion of their majority equity investments in portfolio companies over time in a manner that results in the investment funds retaining a minority
investment. Those investments will be subject to the risk that the company in which the investment is made may make business, financial or management decisions with which we do not agree or that the majority stakeholders or the management of the
company may take risks or otherwise act in a manner that does not serve our interests. In addition, to the extent we hold only a minority equity interest in a company, we may lack affirmative control rights, which may
 
      47  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
diminish our ability to influence the company’s affairs in a manner intended to enhance the value of our investment in the company. If any of the foregoing were to occur, the values of
investments by our investment funds could decrease and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could suffer as a result.  
 We expect to make investments in companies that are based outside of the United States, which may expose us to additional risks not typically
associated with investing in companies that are based in the United States.    Many of our investment funds generally
invest a significant portion of their assets in the equity, debt, loans or other securities of issuers located outside the United States. International investments have increased and we expect will continue to increase as a proportion of certain of
our funds’ portfolios in the future. Investments in  non-U.S.  securities involve certain factors not typically associated with investing in U.S. securities, including risks relating to:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   currency exchange matters, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates and costs associated with conversion of investment principal and income
from one currency into another,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   less developed or efficient financial markets than in the United States, which may lead to potential price volatility and relative illiquidity,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the absence of uniform accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards, practices and disclosure requirements and less government supervision
and regulation,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in laws or clarifications to existing laws that could impact our tax treaty positions, which could adversely impact the returns on our
investments,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a less developed legal or regulatory environment, differences in the legal and regulatory environment or enhanced legal and regulatory compliance,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   heightened exposure to corruption risk in  non-U.S.  markets,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   political hostility to investments by foreign or private equity investors,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   reliance on a more limited number of commodity inputs, service providers and/or distribution mechanisms,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   higher rates of inflation,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   higher transaction costs,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   fewer investor protections and less publicly available information in respect of companies in  non-U.S.  markets,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   certain economic and political risks, including potential exchange control regulations and restrictions on our
 non-U.S.  investments and repatriation of profits on investments or of capital invested, the risks of political, economic or social instability, the possibility of expropriation or confiscatory taxation and
adverse economic and political developments, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possible imposition of  non-U.S.  taxes or withholding on income and gains recognized with respect to such
securities.    In addition, investments in companies that are based outside of the United States may be
negatively impacted by restrictions on international trade or the recent or potential further imposition of tariffs. See “— The potential for further governmental policy changes and regulatory reform by the Trump administration and the
U.S. Congress may create regulatory uncertainty for our funds’ portfolio companies and our investment strategies and adversely affect the profitability of our funds’ portfolio companies.”  
 There can be no assurance that adverse developments with respect to such risks will not adversely affect our assets that are held in
certain countries or the returns from these assets.  
      48  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We may not have sufficient cash to pay back “clawback” obligations if and when they are
triggered under the governing agreements with our investors.    In certain circumstances, at the end of the life of a
carry fund (or earlier with respect to certain of our real estate funds, real estate debt funds and certain multi-asset class and/or opportunistic investment funds), as a result of diminished performance of later investments in any carry fund’s
life, we may be obligated to repay the amount by which Performance Allocations that were previously distributed to us exceed the amounts to which the relevant general partner is ultimately entitled on an
 after-tax  basis. This includes situations in which the general partner receives in excess of the relevant Performance Allocations applicable to the fund as applied to the fund’s cumulative net profits
over the life of the fund or, in some cases, the fund has not achieved investment returns that exceed the preferred return threshold. This obligation is known as a “clawback” obligation and is an obligation of any person who received such
Performance Allocations, including us and other participants in our Performance Allocations plans. Although a portion of any distributions by us to our unitholders may include any Performance Allocations received by us, we do not intend to seek
fulfillment of any clawback obligation by seeking to have our unitholders return any portion of such distributions attributable to Performance Allocations associated with any clawback obligation. To the extent we are required to fulfill a clawback
obligation, however, our general partner may determine to decrease the amount of our distributions to common unitholders. The clawback obligation operates with respect to a given carry fund’s own net investment performance only and performance
of other funds are not netted for determining this contingent obligation.    Adverse economic conditions may increase the
likelihood that one or more of our carry funds may be subject to clawback obligations upon the end of their respective lives (or earlier with respect to certain of our real estate funds, real estate debt funds and certain multi-asset class and/or
opportunistic investment funds). To the extent one or more clawback obligations were to occur for any one or more carry funds, we might not have available cash at the time such clawback obligation is triggered to repay the Performance Allocations
and satisfy such obligation. If we were unable to repay such Performance Allocations, we would be in breach of the governing agreements with our investors and could be subject to liability. Moreover, although a clawback obligation is several, the
governing agreements of most of our funds provide that to the extent another recipient of Performance Allocations (such as a current or former employee) does not fund his or her respective share, then we and our employees who participate in such
Performance Allocations plans may have to fund additional amounts (generally an additional  50-70%  beyond our  pro-rata  share of such obligations) beyond what we actually
received in Performance Allocations, although we retain the right to pursue any remedies that we have under such governing agreements against those Performance Allocations recipients who fail to fund their obligations.  
 Investments by our investment funds will in many cases rank junior to investments made by others.  
 In most cases, the companies in which our investment funds invest will have indebtedness or equity securities, or may be permitted to
incur indebtedness or to issue equity securities, that rank senior to our investment. By their terms, such instruments may provide that their holders are entitled to receive payments of dividends, interest or principal on or before the dates on
which payments are to be made in respect of our investment. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a company in which an investment is made, holders of securities ranking senior to our investment
would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before distributions could be made in respect of our investment. After repaying senior security holders, the company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying amounts owed in respect
of our investment. To the extent that any assets remain, holders of claims that rank equally with our investment would be entitled to share on an equal and ratable basis in distributions that are made out of those assets. Also, during periods of
financial distress or following an insolvency, the ability of our investment funds to influence a company’s affairs and to take actions to protect their investments may be substantially less than that of the senior creditors.  
      49  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Investors in our hedge funds or open ended funds may redeem their investments in these funds. In
addition, the investment management agreements related to our separately managed accounts may permit the investor to terminate our management of such account on short notice. Lastly, investors in our other investment funds have the right to cause
these investment funds to be dissolved. Any of these events would lead to a decrease in our revenues, which could be substantial.    Investors in our hedge funds may generally redeem their investments on an annual, semi-annual or quarterly basis following the expiration of a specified period of time when capital may not be withdrawn,
subject to the applicable fund’s specific redemption provisions. In addition, we have certain other open ended funds, including core+ real estate and certain real estate debt funds, which contain similar redemption provisions in their governing
documents. In a declining market, many hedge funds and other open ended funds, including some of our funds, may experience declines in value, and the pace of redemptions and consequent reduction in our assets under management could accelerate. Such
declines in value may be both provoked and exacerbated by margin calls and forced selling of assets. To the extent appropriate and permissible under a fund’s constituent documents, we may limit or suspend redemptions during a redemption period,
which may have a reputational impact on us. See “— Hedge fund investments are subject to numerous additional risks.” The decrease in revenues that would result from significant redemptions in our hedge funds and other open ended funds
could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, net income and cash flows.    We currently manage a significant
portion of investor assets through separately managed accounts whereby we earn management and/or incentive fees, and we intend to continue to seek additional separately managed account mandates. The investment management agreements we enter into in
connection with managing separately managed accounts on behalf of certain clients may be terminated by such clients on as little as 30 days’ prior written notice. In addition, the boards of directors of the investment management companies we
manage could terminate our advisory engagement of those companies, on as little as 30 days’ prior written notice. In the case of any such terminations, the management and incentive fees we earn in connection with managing such account or
company would immediately cease, which could result in a significant adverse impact on our revenues.    The governing agreements
of most of our investment funds (with the exception of certain of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, certain credit-focused and real estate debt funds, and other funds or separately managed accounts for the benefit of one or more specified
investors) provide that, subject to certain conditions, third party investors in those funds have the right to remove the general partner of the fund or to accelerate the termination date of the investment fund without cause by a simple majority
vote, resulting in a reduction in management fees we would earn from such investment funds and a significant reduction in the amounts of Performance Allocations and Incentive Fees from those funds. Performance Allocations and Incentive Fees could be
significantly reduced as a result of our inability to maximize the value of investments by an investment fund during the liquidation process or in the event of the triggering of a “clawback” obligation. In addition, the governing
agreements of our investment funds provide that in the event certain “key persons” in our investment funds do not meet specified time commitments with regard to managing the fund, then investors in certain funds have the right to vote to
terminate the investment period by a specified percentage (including, in certain cases, a simple majority) vote in accordance with specified procedures, accelerate the withdrawal of their capital on an  investor-by-investor  basis, or the fund’s investment period will automatically terminate and a specified percentage (including, in certain cases, a simple majority) vote of investors is required to
restart it. In addition, the governing agreements of some of our investment funds provide that investors have the right to terminate, for any reason, the investment period by a vote of 75% of the investors in such fund. In addition to having a
significant negative impact on our revenue, net income and cash flow, the occurrence of such an event with respect to any of our investment funds would likely result in significant reputational damage to us.  
 In addition, because all of our investment funds have advisers that are registered under the Advisers Act, an “assignment” of
the management agreements of all of our investment funds (which may be deemed to occur in the event these advisers were to experience a change of control) would generally be prohibited without investor consent. We cannot be certain that consents
required for assignments of our investment management agreements will be  
      50  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
obtained if a change of control occurs, which could result in the termination of such agreements. In addition, with respect to our 1940 Act registered funds, each investment fund’s
investment management agreement must be approved annually by the independent members of such investment fund’s board of directors and, in certain cases, by its stockholders, as required by law. Termination of these agreements would cause us to
lose the fees we earn from such investment funds.    Third party investors in our investment funds with commitment-based structures may
not satisfy their contractual obligation to fund capital calls when requested by us, which could adversely affect a fund’s operations and performance.    Investors in all of our carry funds (and certain of our hedge funds) make capital commitments to those funds that we are entitled to call from those investors at any time during prescribed periods. We
depend on investors fulfilling their commitments when we call capital from them in order for those funds to consummate investments and otherwise pay their obligations (for example, management fees) when due. A default by an investor may also limit a
fund’s availability to incur borrowings and avail itself of what would otherwise have been available credit. We have not had investors fail to honor capital calls to any meaningful extent. Any investor that did not fund a capital call would
generally be subject to several possible penalties, including having a significant amount of its existing investment forfeited in that fund. However, the impact of the forfeiture penalty is directly correlated to the amount of capital previously
invested by the investor in the fund and if an investor has invested little or no capital, for instance early in the life of the fund, then the forfeiture penalty may not be as meaningful. Third party investors in private equity, real estate and
venture capital funds typically use distributions from prior investments to meet future capital calls. In cases where valuations of investors’ existing investments fall and the pace of distributions slows, investors may be unable to make new
commitments to third party managed investment funds such as those advised by us. If investors were to fail to satisfy a significant amount of capital calls for any particular fund or funds, the operation and performance of those funds could be
materially and adversely affected.    Certain policies and procedures implemented to mitigate potential conflicts of interest and address
certain regulatory requirements may reduce the synergies across our various businesses.    Because of our various lines
of asset management businesses and our capital markets services business, we will be subject to a number of actual and potential conflicts of interest and subject to greater regulatory oversight and more legal and contractual restrictions than that
to which we would otherwise be subject if we had just one line of business. In addressing these conflicts and regulatory, legal and contractual requirements across our various businesses, we have implemented certain policies and procedures (for
example, information walls) that may reduce the positive synergies that we cultivate across these businesses for purposes of identifying and managing attractive investments. For example, we may come into possession of material  non-public  information with respect to issuers in which we may be considering making an investment or issuers in which our affiliates may hold an interest. As a consequence of such policies and procedures, we may be
precluded from providing such information or other ideas to our other businesses that might be of benefit to them.    Our failure to deal
appropriately with conflicts of interest in our investment business could damage our reputation and adversely affect our businesses.    As we have expanded and as we continue to expand the number and scope of our businesses, we increasingly confront potential conflicts of interest relating to our funds’ investment activities.
Investment manager conflicts of interest continue to be a significant area of focus for regulators and the media. Because of our size and the variety of businesses that we pursue, we may face a higher degree of scrutiny compared with investment
managers that are smaller or focus on fewer asset classes. A decision to acquire material  non-public  information about a company while pursuing an investment opportunity for a particular fund gives rise to a
potential conflict of interest when it results in our having to restrict the ability of other funds to take any action. Certain of our funds may have overlapping investment objectives, including funds that have different fee structures and/or
investment strategies that are more narrowly focused, and potential conflicts may arise with respect to our decisions regarding how to  
      51  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
allocate investment opportunities among those funds to the extent the fund documents do not mandate a specific investment allocation. For example, we may allocate an investment opportunity that
is appropriate for two or more investment funds in a manner that excludes one or more funds or results in a disproportionate allocation based on factors or criteria that we determine, such as sourcing of the transaction, specific nature of the
investment or size and type of the investment, among other factors. In addition, the challenge of allocating investment opportunities to certain funds may be exacerbated as we expand our business to include more lines of business, including more
public vehicles. We may also cause different funds to invest in a single portfolio company, for example where the fund that made an initial investment no longer has capital available to invest. We may also cause different funds that we manage to
purchase different classes of securities in the same portfolio company. For example, one of our CLO funds could acquire a debt security issued by the same company in which one of our private equity funds owns common equity securities. A direct
conflict of interest could arise between the debt holders and the equity holders if such a company were to develop insolvency concerns, and we would have to carefully manage that conflict. Our affiliates may be service providers or counterparties to
our funds or portfolio companies and receive fees or other compensation for services that are not shared with our fund investors. In such instances, we may be incentivized to cause our funds or portfolio companies to purchase such services from our
affiliates rather than an unaffiliated service provider despite the fact that a third party service provider could potentially provide higher quality services or offer them at a lower cost. In addition, conflicts of interest may exist in the
valuation of our investments and regarding decisions about the allocation of specific investment and  co-investment  opportunities among us, our funds and our affiliates, as well as the allocation of fees and
expenses among us, our funds and their portfolio companies, and our affiliates. Lastly, in certain, infrequent instances we may purchase an investment alongside one of our investment funds or sell an investment to one of our investment funds and
conflicts may arise in respect of the allocation, pricing and timing of such investments and the ultimate disposition of such investments. To the extent we fail to appropriately deal with these, among other, conflicts, it could negatively impact our
reputation and ability to raise additional funds or result in potential litigation or regulatory action against us.    Conflicts of
interest may arise in our allocation of  co-investment  opportunities.    As a
general matter, our allocation of  co-investment  opportunities is within our discretion and there can be no assurance that  co-investments  of any particular type or amount
will be allocated to any of our funds or investors. There can be no assurance that  co-investments  will become available and we will take into account a variety of factors and considerations we deem relevant in
allocating  co-investment  opportunities, including, without limitation, whether a potential  co-investor  has expressed an interest in evaluating  co-investment  opportunities, our assessment of a potential  co-investor’s  ability to invest an amount of capital that fits the needs of the investment and our assessment
of a potential  co-investor’s  ability to commit to a  co-investment  opportunity within the required timeframe of the particular transaction.  
 Potential conflicts will arise with respect to our decisions regarding how to allocate
 co-investment  opportunities among our funds and investors and the terms of any such  co-investments.  Our fund documents typically do not mandate specific allocations with
respect to  co-investments.  The investment advisers of our funds may have an incentive to provide  co-investment  opportunities to certain other Blackstone funds in lieu of
investors, or certain investors in lieu of others and/or in lieu of our funds (including, for example, as part of an overall strategic relationship with us) if such allocations are expected to generate relatively greater fees or Performance
Allocations to us than would arise if such  co-investment  opportunities were allocated otherwise.  Co-investment  arrangements may be structured through one or more of our
investment vehicles, and in such circumstances  co-investors  will generally bear the costs and expenses thereof (which may lead to conflicts of interest regarding the allocation of costs and expenses between
such  co-investors  and investors in our other investment funds). The terms of any such existing and future  co-investment  vehicles may differ materially, and in some
instances may be more favorable to us, than the terms of certain of our funds or prior  co-investment  vehicles, and such different terms may create an incentive for us to allocate a greater or lesser percentage
of an investment opportunity to such funds or such  co-investment  vehicles, as the case may be. Such incentives will from time to time give rise to conflicts of interest. There can be no assurance that any
conflicts of interest will be resolved in favor of any particular investment funds or investors (including any applicable  co-investors).   
      52  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Risk management activities may adversely affect the return on our funds’ investments.
   When managing our exposure to market risks, we may (on our own behalf or on behalf of our funds) from time to time use
forward contracts, options, swaps, caps, collars and floors or pursue other strategies or use other forms of derivative instruments to limit our exposure to changes in the relative values of investments that may result from market developments,
including changes in prevailing interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. The success of any hedging or other derivative transactions generally will depend on our ability to correctly predict market changes, the degree of
correlation between price movements of a derivative instrument, the position being hedged, the creditworthiness of the counterparty and other factors. As a result, while we may enter into a transaction in order to reduce our exposure to market
risks, the transaction may result in poorer overall investment performance than if it had not been executed. Such transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the value of a hedged position increases.  
 While such hedging arrangements may reduce certain risks, such arrangements themselves may entail certain other risks. These arrangements
may require the posting of cash collateral at a time when a fund has insufficient cash or illiquid assets such that the posting of the cash is either impossible or requires the sale of assets at prices that do not reflect their underlying value.
Moreover, these hedging arrangements may generate significant transaction costs, including potential tax costs, that reduce the returns generated by a fund. Finally, the CFTC may in the future require certain foreign exchange products to be subject
to mandatory clearing, which could increase the cost of entering into currency hedges.    Our real estate funds are subject to the risks
inherent in the ownership and operation of real estate and the construction and development of real estate.  
 Investments in our real estate funds will be subject to the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of real estate and real estate
related businesses and assets, including the deterioration of real estate fundamentals. These risks include but are not limited to, those associated with the burdens of ownership of real property, general and local economic conditions, changes in
supply of and demand for competing properties in an area (as a result, for instance, of overbuilding), fluctuations in the average occupancy and room rates for hotel properties, operating income, the financial resources of tenants, changes in
building, environmental, zoning and other laws, casualty or condemnation losses, energy and supply shortages, various uninsured or uninsurable risks, natural disasters, changes in government regulations (such as rent control), changes in real
property tax rates, changes in income tax rates, changes in interest rates, the reduced availability of mortgage funds which may render the sale or refinancing of properties difficult or impracticable, increased mortgage defaults, increases in
borrowing rates, changes to the taxation of business entities and the deductibility of corporate interest expense, negative developments in the economy that depress travel activity, environmental liabilities, contingent liabilities on disposition of
assets, acts of god, terrorist attacks, war and other factors that are beyond our control. In addition, if our real estate funds acquire direct or indirect interests in undeveloped land or underdeveloped real property, which may often be  non-income  producing, they will be subject to the risks normally associated with such assets and development activities, including risks relating to the availability and timely receipt of zoning and other regulatory
or environmental approvals, the cost and timely completion of construction (including risks beyond the control of our fund, such as weather or labor conditions or material shortages) and the availability of both construction and permanent financing
on favorable terms. In addition, our real estate funds may also make investments in residential real estate projects and/or otherwise participate in financing opportunities relating to residential real estate assets or portfolios thereof from time
to time, which may be more highly susceptible to adverse changes in prevailing economic and/or market conditions and present additional risks relative to the ownership and operation of commercial real estate assets.  
 Certain of our investment funds may invest in securities of companies that are experiencing significant financial or business difficulties,
including companies involved in bankruptcy or other reorganization and liquidation proceedings. Such investments are subject to a greater risk of poor performance or loss.  
 Certain of our investment funds, especially our credit-focused funds, may invest in business enterprises involved in work-outs,
liquidations, spin-offs, reorganizations, bankruptcies and similar transactions and may  
      53  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
purchase high-risk receivables. An investment in such business enterprises entails the risk that the transaction in which such business enterprise is involved either will be unsuccessful, will
take considerable time or will result in a distribution of cash or a new security the value of which will be less than the purchase price to the fund of the security or other financial instrument in respect of which such distribution is received. In
addition, if an anticipated transaction does not in fact occur, the fund may be required to sell its investment at a loss. Investments in troubled companies may also be adversely affected by U.S. federal and state laws relating to, among other
things, fraudulent conveyances, voidable preferences, lender liability and a bankruptcy court’s discretionary power to disallow, subordinate or disenfranchise particular claims. Investments in securities and private claims of troubled companies
made in connection with an attempt to influence a restructuring proposal or plan of reorganization in a bankruptcy case may also involve substantial litigation. Because there is substantial uncertainty concerning the outcome of transactions
involving financially troubled companies, there is a potential risk of loss by a fund of its entire investment in such company. Moreover, a major economic recession could have a materially adverse impact on the value of such securities. Adverse
publicity and investor perceptions, whether or not based on fundamental analysis, may also decrease the value and liquidity of securities rated below investment grade or otherwise adversely affect our reputation.  
 In addition, at least one federal Circuit Court has determined that an investment fund could be liable for ERISA Title IV pension
obligations (including withdrawal liability incurred with respect to union multiemployer plans) of its portfolio companies, if such fund is a “trade or business” and the fund’s ownership interest in the portfolio company is
significant enough to bring the investment fund within the portfolio company’s “controlled group.” While a number of cases have held that managing investments is not a “trade or business” for tax purposes, the Circuit Court
in this case concluded the investment fund could be a “trade or business” for ERISA purposes based on certain factors, including the fund’s level of involvement in the management of its portfolio companies and the nature of its
management fee arrangements. Litigation related to the Circuit Court’s decision suggests that additional factors may be relevant for purposes of determining whether an investment fund could face “controlled group” liability under
ERISA, including the structure of the investment and the nature of the fund’s relationship with other affiliated investors and  co-investors  in the portfolio company. Moreover, regardless of whether an
investment fund is determined to be a “trade or business” for purposes of ERISA, a court might hold that one of the fund’s portfolio companies could become jointly and severally liable for another portfolio company’s unfunded
pension liabilities pursuant to the ERISA “controlled group” rules, depending upon the relevant investment structures and ownership interests as noted above.    Investments in energy, manufacturing, infrastructure, real estate and certain other assets may expose us to increased environmental liabilities that are inherent in the ownership of real assets.
   Ownership of real assets in our funds or vehicles may increase our risk of liability under environmental laws that
impose, regardless of fault, joint and several liability for the cost of remediating contamination and compensation for damages. In addition, changes in environmental laws or regulations or the environmental condition of an investment may create
liabilities that did not exist at the time of acquisition. Even in cases where we are indemnified by a seller against liabilities arising out of violations of environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance as to the financial
viability of the seller to satisfy such indemnities or our ability to achieve enforcement of such indemnities.    Investments by our funds
in the power and energy industries involve various operational, construction, regulatory and market risks that may expose us to increased risks.    The development, operation and maintenance of power and energy generation facilities involves many risks, including, as applicable, labor issues,  start-up  risks,
breakdown or failure of facilities, lack of sufficient capital to maintain the facilities and the dependence on a specific fuel source. Power and energy generation facilities in which our funds invest are also subject to risks associated with
volatility in the price of fuel sources and the impact of unusual or adverse weather conditions or other natural events, as well as the risk of performance below expected levels of output, efficiency or reliability. The occurrence of any such items
could result in lost revenues and/or  
      54  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
increased expenses. In turn, such developments could impair a portfolio company’s ability to repay its debt or conduct its operations. We may also choose or be required to decommission a
power generation facility or other asset. The decommissioning process could be protracted and result in the incurrence of significant financial and/or regulatory obligations or other uncertainties.  
 Our power and energy sector portfolio companies may also face construction risks typical for power generation and related infrastructure
businesses. Such developments could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of construction activities once undertaken. Delays in the completion of any power project may
result in lost revenues or increased expenses, including higher operation and maintenance costs related to such portfolio company.    The power and energy sectors are the subject of substantial and complex laws, rules and regulation by various federal and state regulatory agencies. Failure to comply with applicable laws, rules and
regulations could result in the prevention of operation of certain facilities or the prevention of the sale of such a facility to a third party, as well as the loss of certain rate authority, refund liability, penalties and other remedies, all of
which could result in additional costs to a portfolio company and adversely affect the investment results. In addition, any legislative efforts by the Trump administration to overturn or modify policies or regulations enacted by the prior
administration that placed limitations on coal and gas electric generation, mining and/or exploration could adversely affect certain of our energy investments, including our alternative energy investments. Conversely, any governmental policy changes
encouraging resource extraction could have the effect of supporting low energy prices, which could have a negative impact on certain of our energy investments.    Our businesses that invest in the energy industry also focus on investments in businesses involved in oil and gas exploration and development, which can be a speculative business involving a high degree
of risk, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the use of new technologies, including hydraulic fracturing,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   reliance on estimates of oil and gas reserves in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data for each reservoir,
and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   encountering unexpected formations or pressures, premature declines of reservoirs, blow-outs, equipment failures and other accidents in completing
wells and otherwise, cratering, sour gas releases, uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas or well fluids, adverse weather conditions, pollution, fires, spills and other environmental risks.  
 In addition, the performance of the investments made by our credit and equity funds in the energy and natural resources markets are also
subject to a high degree of market risk, as such investments are likely to be directly or indirectly substantially dependent upon prevailing prices of oil, natural gas and other commodities. Oil and natural gas prices are subject to wide fluctuation
in response to factors beyond the control of us or our funds’ portfolio companies, including relatively minor changes in the supply and demand for oil and natural gas, market uncertainty, the level of consumer product demand, weather
conditions, governmental regulation, the price and availability of alternative fuels, political and economic conditions in oil producing countries, foreign supply of such commodities and overall domestic and foreign economic conditions. These
factors make it difficult to predict future commodity price movements with any certainty.    Our investments in infrastructure assets may
expose us to increased risks that are inherent in the ownership of real assets and may expose certain  non-U.S.  unitholders to adverse tax consequences.  
 Investments in infrastructure assets may expose us to increased risks that are inherent in the ownership of real assets. For example,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Ownership of infrastructure assets may present risk of liability for personal and property injury or impose significant operating challenges and costs
with respect to, for example, compliance with zoning, environmental or other applicable laws.  
      55  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   Infrastructure asset investments may face construction risks including, without limitation: (a) labor disputes, shortages of material and skilled
labor, or work stoppages, (b) slower than projected construction progress and the unavailability or late delivery of necessary equipment, (c) less than optimal coordination with public utilities in the relocation of their facilities,
(d) adverse weather conditions and unexpected construction conditions, (e) accidents or the breakdown or failure of construction equipment or processes; and (f) catastrophic events such as explosions, fires, terrorist activities and
other similar events. These risks could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses (which may exceed expected or forecasted budgets) and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of construction activities once undertaken.
Certain infrastructure asset investments may remain in construction phases for a prolonged period and, accordingly, may not be cash generative for a prolonged period. Recourse against the contractor may be subject to liability caps or may be subject
to default or insolvency on the part of the contractor.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The operation of infrastructure assets is exposed to potential unplanned interruptions caused by significant catastrophic or force majeure events.
These risks could, among other effects, adversely impact the cash flows available from investments in infrastructure assets, cause personal injury or loss of life, damage property, or instigate disruptions of service. In addition, the cost of
repairing or replacing damaged assets could be considerable. Repeated or prolonged service interruptions may result in permanent loss of customers, litigation, or penalties for regulatory or contractual noncompliance. Force majeure events that are
incapable of, or too costly to, cure may also have a permanent adverse effect on an investment.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The management of the business or operations of an infrastructure asset may be contracted to a third party management company unaffiliated with us.
Although it would be possible to replace any such operator, the failure of such an operator to adequately perform its duties or to act in ways that are in our best interest, or the breach by an operator of applicable agreements or laws, rules and
regulations, could have an adverse effect on the investment’s financial condition or results of operations. Infrastructure investments may involve the subcontracting of design and construction activities in respect of projects, and as a result
our investments are subject to the risks that contractual provisions passing liabilities to a subcontractor could be ineffective, the subcontractor fails to perform services which it has agreed to perform and the subcontractor becomes insolvent.
   Infrastructure investments often involve an ongoing commitment to a municipal, state, federal or foreign
government or regulatory agencies. The nature of these obligations expose us to a higher level of regulatory control than typically imposed on other businesses and may require us to rely on complex government licenses, concessions, leases or
contracts, which may be difficult to obtain or maintain. Infrastructure investments may require operators to manage such investments and such operators’ failure to comply with laws, including prohibitions against bribing of government
officials, may adversely affect the value of such investments and cause us serious reputational and legal harm. Revenues for such investments may rely on contractual agreements for the provision of services with a limited number of counterparties,
and are consequently subject to counterparty default risk. The operations and cash flow of infrastructure investments are also more sensitive to inflation and, in certain cases, commodity price risk. Furthermore, services provided by infrastructure
investments may be subject to rate regulations by government entities that determine or limit prices that may be charged. Similarly, users of applicable services or government entities in response to such users may react negatively to any
adjustments in rates and thus reduce the profitability of such infrastructure investments.    In addition, investments in
infrastructure assets may cause adverse tax consequences for certain  non-U.S.  unitholders regarding income effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business and the imposition of certain tax
withholding. See “— Risks Related to United States Taxation —  Non-U.S.  persons face unique U.S. tax issues from owning common units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them.”
Moreover, investments in infrastructure assets may also require all our unitholders to file tax returns and pay taxes in various state and local jurisdictions in the U.S. and abroad where these infrastructure assets are located. See “—
Risks Related to United States Taxation — Common unitholders will be subject to state and local taxes and return filing requirements as a result of investing in our common units.”  
      56  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our investments in the life science industry may expose us to increased risks.
   On November 30, 2018, we closed the Clarus Acquisition and announced the launch of BXLS, a private investment
platform with capabilities to invest across the life-cycle of companies and products within the key life sciences sectors. Life sciences investing may expose us to increased risks. For example,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Clarus’ fund strategies have included, and we intend BXLS’s strategies to include, among others, investments that are referred to as
“defined exit” transactions. Defined exit transactions are risk-sharing collaborations with large pharmaceutical partners on drug development programs and investments in royalty streams of
 pre-commercial  pharmaceutical products. Clarus’ ability to source defined exit transactions has been, and BXLS’s ability to source defined exit transactions will be, in part dependent on the ability
of three special purpose development companies to identify, diligence, negotiate and in many cases, take the lead in executing the agreed development plans with respect to, a defined exit transaction. Moreover, as such special purpose development
companies are jointly owned by us and two unaffiliated life sciences investors, we (and our funds) are not the sole beneficiaries of such sourcing strategies and capabilities of such special purpose development companies.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Life sciences and healthcare companies are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, similar foreign regulatory
authorities and, to a lesser extent, other federal and state agencies, prior to marketing their products to the public. These companies are subject to the expense, delay and uncertainty of the approval process, and there can be no guarantee that a
particular product will obtain regulatory approval. In addition, the current regulatory framework may change or additional regulations may arise at any stage during the product development phase of an investment, which may delay or prevent
regulatory approval. If a company in which our funds are invested is unable to obtain regulatory approval for its product, or a product in which our funds are invested does not obtain regulatory approval, in a timely fashion or at all, the value of
our investment would be adversely impacted. In addition, in connection with certain defined exit transactions, our special purpose development companies will be contractually obligated to run clinical trials. In the event such clinical trials do not
comply with the complicated regulatory requirements applicable thereto, such special purpose development companies may be subject to regulatory actions.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Intellectual property often constitutes an important part of a life sciences company’s assets and competitive strengths, particularly for royalty
monetization transactions. To the extent such companies’ intellectual property positions with respect to products in which BXLS invests, whether through a royalty or otherwise, are challenged, invalidated or circumvented, the value of
BXLS’s investment may be impaired. The success of a life sciences investment depends in part on the ability of the pharmaceutical or other life sciences companies in whose products BXLS invests to obtain and defend patent rights and other
intellectual property rights that are important to the commercialization of such products. The patent positions of such companies can be highly uncertain and often involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The commercial success of products could be compromised if governmental or third party payers do not provide coverage and reimbursement, breach,
rescind or modify their contracts or reimbursement policies or delay payments for such products. In both the U.S. and foreign markets, the successful sale of a life sciences company’s product depends on the ability to obtain and maintain
adequate coverage and reimbursement from third party payers, including government healthcare programs and private insurance plans. Governments and third party payers continue to pursue aggressive initiatives to contain costs and manage drug
utilization and are increasingly focused on the effectiveness, benefits and costs of similar treatments, which could result in lower reimbursement rates and narrower populations for whom the products in which BXLS invests will be reimbursed by
payers. To the extent an investment made by BXLS relies in whole or in part on royalties or other payments based on product sales, adequate third party payer reimbursement may not be available to enable price levels for the product sufficient for
BXLS to realize an appropriate return on the investment.  
      57  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our provision of products to insurance companies, including through Blackstone Insurance
Solutions, subjects us to a variety of risks and uncertainties.    Blackstone Insurance Solutions, or BIS, is a platform
that we established relating to Blackstone’s development, distribution and management of tailored solutions for insurance companies worldwide. BIS seeks to deliver to insurance companies customizable and diversified portfolios of Blackstone
products across asset classes, as well as the option for full management of insurance companies’ investment portfolios, and is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. BIS currently manages over $23.9 billion for
Fidelity & Guaranty Life Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates pursuant to several investment management agreements. In addition, in July 2017, Blackstone and AXIS Capital  co-sponsored  the
establishment of Harrington Reinsurance, a Bermuda property & casualty reinsurance company and BIS currently manages all general account assets of Harrington Reinsurance. BIS also manages or
 sub-manages  assets for certain insurance-dedicated funds and is currently developing other capital efficient and tailored products for insurance companies. The success of BIS will depend in large part on
further developing investment partnerships with insurance company clients and maintaining existing asset management arrangements, including those described above. If we fail to deliver high quality, high performing products that help our insurance
company clients meet long-term policyholder obligations, BIS may not be successful in retaining existing investment partnerships, developing new investment partnerships or selling its capital efficient products and such failure may have a material
adverse effect on our business, results and financial condition.    The U.S. and
 non-U.S.  insurance industries are subject to significant regulatory oversight. Regulatory authorities in many relevant jurisdictions have broad administrative, and in some cases discretionary, authority with
respect to insurance companies and/or their investment advisors, which may include, among other things, the investments insurance companies may acquire and hold, marketing practices, affiliate transactions, reserve requirements and capital adequacy.
These requirements are primarily concerned with the protection of policyholders, and regulatory authorities often have wide discretion in applying the relevant restrictions and regulations to insurance companies, which may indirectly affect BIS and
other Blackstone businesses that offer products to insurance companies. We may be the target or subject of, or may have indemnification obligations related to, litigation (including class action litigation by policyholders), enforcement
investigations or regulatory scrutiny. Regulators and other authorities generally have the power to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against insurance companies, which could result in, among other things, suspension or revocation of
licenses, cease and desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action. To the extent BIS or another Blackstone business that offers products to insurance companies is directly or indirectly involved in such
regulatory actions, our reputation could be harmed, we may become liable for indemnification obligations and we could potentially be subject to enforcement actions, fines and penalties.  
 Some of the arrangements we have or will develop with insurance companies involve complex U.S. and
 non-U.S.  tax structures for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Such structures may be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative change and differing interpretations and
any adverse legislative, judicial or administrative changes or interpretations may result in substantial costs to insurance companies or BIS. In some cases we may agree to indemnify insurance companies for their losses resulting from any such
adverse changes or interpretations.    Insurance company investment portfolios are often subject to internal and regulatory
requirements governing the categories and ratings of investment products they may acquire and hold. Many of the investment products we develop for, or other assets or investments we include in, insurance company portfolios will be rated and a
ratings downgrade or any other negative action by a rating agency with respect to such products, assets or investments could make them less attractive and limit our ability to offer such products to, or invest or deploy capital on behalf of,
insurers.    Any failure to properly manage or address the foregoing risks may have a material adverse effect on our business,
results and financial condition.  
      58  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The financial projections of our funds’ portfolio companies could prove inaccurate.
   Our funds generally establish the capital structure of portfolio companies on the basis of financial projections
prepared by the management of such portfolio companies. These projected operating results will normally be based primarily on judgments of the management of the portfolio companies. In all cases, projections are only estimates of future results that
are based upon assumptions made at the time that the projections are developed. General economic conditions, which are not predictable, along with other factors may cause actual performance to fall short of the financial projections that were used
to establish a given portfolio company’s capital structure. Because of the leverage we typically employ in our investments, this could cause a substantial decrease in the value of our equity holdings in the portfolio company. The inaccuracy of
financial projections could thus cause our funds’ performance to fall short of our expectations.    Contingent liabilities could harm
fund performance.    We may cause our funds to acquire an investment that is subject to contingent liabilities. Such
contingent liabilities could be unknown to us at the time of acquisition or, if they are known to us, we may not accurately assess or protect against the risks that they present. Acquired contingent liabilities could thus result in unforeseen losses
for our funds. In addition, in connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company, a fund may be required to make representations about the business and financial affairs of such portfolio company typical of those made in
connection with the sale of a business. A fund may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment to the extent that any such representations are inaccurate. These arrangements may result in the incurrence of contingent liabilities
by a fund, even after the disposition of an investment. Accordingly, the inaccuracy of representations and warranties made by a fund could harm such fund’s performance.    Our funds may be forced to dispose of investments at a disadvantageous time.    Our funds may make investments of which they do not advantageously dispose of prior to the date the applicable fund is dissolved, either by expiration of such fund’s term or otherwise. Although we
generally expect that our funds will dispose of investments prior to dissolution or that investments will be suitable for  in-kind  distribution at dissolution, we may not be able to do so. The general partners
of our funds have only a limited ability to extend the term of the fund with the consent of fund investors or the advisory board of the fund, as applicable, and therefore, we may be required to sell, distribute or otherwise dispose of investments at
a disadvantageous time prior to dissolution.    This would result in a lower than expected return on the investments and,
perhaps, on the fund itself.    Hedge fund investments are subject to numerous additional risks.  
 Investments by our funds of hedge funds in other hedge funds, as well as investments by our credit-focused, real estate debt and other
hedge funds and similar products, are subject to numerous additional risks, including the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Certain of the funds in which we invest are newly established funds without any operating history or are managed by management companies or general
partners who may not have as significant track records as an independent manager.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Generally, the execution of these hedge funds’ investment strategies is subject to the sole discretion of the management company or the general
partner of such funds.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge funds may engage in speculative trading strategies, including short selling, which is subject to the theoretically unlimited risk of loss because
there is no limit on how much the price of a security may appreciate before the short position is closed out. A fund may be subject to losses if a security lender demands return of the lent securities and an alternative lending source cannot be
found or if the fund is otherwise unable to borrow securities that are necessary to hedge or cover its positions.  
      59  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge funds are exposed to the risk that a counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions because of a dispute
over the terms of the contract (whether or not bona fide) or because of a credit or liquidity problem or otherwise, thus causing the fund to suffer a loss. Counterparty risk is accentuated for contracts with longer maturities where events may
intervene to prevent settlement, or where the fund has concentrated its transactions with a single or small group of counterparties. Generally, hedge funds are not restricted from dealing with any particular counterparty or from concentrating any or
all of their transactions with one counterparty. Moreover, the funds’ internal consideration of the creditworthiness of their counterparties may prove insufficient. The absence of a regulated market to facilitate settlement may increase the
potential for losses.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Credit risk may arise through a default by one of several large institutions that are dependent on one another to meet their liquidity or operational
needs, so that a default by one institution causes a series of defaults by the other institutions. This “systemic risk” may adversely affect the financial intermediaries (such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms
and exchanges) with which the hedge funds interact on a daily basis.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The efficacy of investment and trading strategies depend largely on the ability to establish and maintain an overall market position in a combination
of financial instruments. A hedge fund’s trading orders may not be executed in a timely and efficient manner due to various circumstances, including systems failures or human error. In such event, the funds might only be able to acquire some
but not all of the components of the position, or if the overall position were to need adjustment, the funds might not be able to make such adjustment. As a result, the funds would not be able to achieve the market position selected by the
management company or general partner of such funds, and might incur a loss in liquidating their position.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge funds are subject to risks due to potential illiquidity of assets. Hedge funds may make investments or hold trading positions in markets that are
volatile and which may become illiquid. Timely divestiture or sale of trading positions can be impaired by decreased trading volume, increased price volatility, concentrated trading positions, limitations on the ability to transfer positions in
highly specialized or structured transactions to which they may be a party, and changes in industry and government regulations. It may be impossible or costly for hedge funds to liquidate positions rapidly in order to meet margin calls, withdrawal
requests or otherwise, particularly if there are other market participants seeking to dispose of similar assets at the same time or the relevant market is otherwise moving against a position or in the event of trading halts or daily price movement
limits on the market or otherwise. Any “gate” or similar limitation on withdrawals with respect to hedge funds may not be effective in mitigating such risk. Moreover, these risks may be exacerbated for our funds of hedge funds. For
example, if one of our funds of hedge funds were to invest a significant portion of its assets in two or more hedge funds that each had illiquid positions in the same issuer, the illiquidity risk for our funds of hedge funds would be compounded. For
example, in 2008 many hedge funds, including some of our hedge funds, experienced significant declines in value. In many cases, these declines in value were both provoked and exacerbated by margin calls and forced selling of assets. Moreover,
certain of our funds of hedge funds were invested in third party hedge funds that halted redemptions in the face of illiquidity and other issues, which precluded those funds of hedge funds from receiving their capital back on request.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge fund investments are subject to risks relating to investments in commodities, futures, options and other derivatives, the prices of which are
highly volatile and may be subject to the theoretically unlimited risk of loss in certain circumstances, including if the fund writes a call option. Price movements of commodities, futures and options contracts and payments pursuant to swap
agreements are influenced by, among other things, interest rates, changing supply and demand relationships, trade, fiscal, monetary and exchange control programs and policies of governments and national and international political and economic
events and policies. The value of futures, options and swap agreements also depends upon the price of the commodities underlying them and prevailing exchange rates. In addition, hedge funds’ assets are subject to the risk of the failure of any
of the exchanges on which their positions trade or of their clearinghouses or counterparties. Most U.S. commodities exchanges limit fluctuations in certain  
      60  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
   
commodity interest prices during a single day by imposing “daily price fluctuation limits” or “daily limits,” the existence of which may reduce liquidity or effectively
curtail trading in particular markets.    As a result of their affiliation with us, our hedge funds may from
time to time be restricted from trading in certain securities (e.g., publicly traded securities issued by our current or potential portfolio companies). This may limit their ability to acquire and/or subsequently dispose of investments in connection
with transactions that would otherwise generally be permitted in the absence of such affiliation.    We are subject to risks in using
prime brokers, custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents.    Many of our funds depend on the services
of prime brokers, custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents to carry out certain securities and derivatives transactions. The terms of these contracts are often customized and complex, and many of these arrangements occur in
markets or relate to products that are not subject to regulatory oversight, although the Dodd-Frank Act provides for regulation of the derivatives market. In particular, some of our funds utilize prime brokerage arrangements with a relatively
limited number of counterparties, which has the effect of concentrating the transaction volume (and related counterparty default risk) of these funds with these counterparties.  
 Our funds are subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults, either voluntarily or involuntarily,
on its performance under the contract. Any such default may occur suddenly and without notice to us. Moreover, if a counterparty defaults, we may be unable to take action to cover our exposure, either because we lack contractual recourse or because
market conditions make it difficult to take effective action. This inability could occur in times of market stress, which is when defaults are most likely to occur.    In addition, our risk management process may not accurately anticipate the impact of market stress or counterparty financial condition, and as a result, we may not have taken sufficient action to reduce
our risks effectively. Default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect, foresee or evaluate. In addition, concerns about, or a default by, one large participant could lead to significant liquidity problems for other
participants, which may in turn expose us to significant losses.    Although we have risk management processes to ensure that we
are not exposed to a single counterparty for significant periods of time, given the large number and size of our funds, we often have large positions with a single counterparty. For example, most of our funds have credit lines. If the lender under
one or more of those credit lines were to become insolvent, we may have difficulty replacing the credit line and one or more of our funds may face liquidity problems.    In the event of a counterparty default, particularly a default by a major investment bank or a default by a counterparty to a significant number of our contracts, one or more of our funds may have
outstanding trades that they cannot settle or are delayed in settling. As a result, these funds could incur material losses and the resulting market impact of a major counterparty default could harm our businesses, results of operation and financial
condition.    In the event of the insolvency of a prime broker, custodian, counterparty or any other party that is holding
assets of our funds as collateral, our funds might not be able to recover equivalent assets in full as they will rank among the prime broker’s, custodian’s or counterparty’s unsecured creditors in relation to the assets held as
collateral. In addition, our funds’ cash held with a prime broker, custodian or counterparty generally will not be segregated from the prime broker’s, custodian’s or counterparty’s own cash, and our funds may therefore rank as
unsecured creditors in relation thereto. If our derivatives transactions are cleared through a derivatives clearing organization, the CFTC has issued final rules regulating the segregation and protection of collateral posted by customers of cleared
and uncleared swaps. The CFTC is also working to provide new guidance regarding prime broker arrangements and intermediation generally with regard to trading on swap execution facilities.  
      61  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The counterparty risks that we face have increased in complexity and magnitude as a
result of disruption in the financial markets in recent years. For example, in certain areas the number of counterparties we face has increased and may continue to increase, which may result in increased complexity and monitoring costs. Conversely,
in certain other areas, the consolidation and elimination of counterparties has increased our concentration of counterparty risk and decreased the universe of potential counterparties, and our funds are generally not restricted from dealing with any
particular counterparty or from concentrating any or all of their transactions with one counterparty. In addition, counterparties have in the past and may in the future react to market volatility by tightening underwriting standards and increasing
margin requirements for all categories of financing, which may decrease the overall amount of leverage available and increase the costs of borrowing.    Underwriting activities by our capital markets services business expose us to risks.    Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P. may act as an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent in securities offerings and, through affiliated entities, loan syndications. We may incur losses and be subject
to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities or indebtedness we purchased or placed as an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent at the anticipated price levels or at all. As an underwriter,
syndicator or placement agent, we also may be subject to liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings we underwrite, syndicate or place.  
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure    Our common unitholders do not elect our general partner or vote on our general partner’s directors and have limited ability to influence decisions regarding our business.  
 Our general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., which is owned by our senior managing directors, manages all of our operations
and activities. Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. has a board of directors that is responsible for the oversight of our business and operations. Our general partner’s board of directors is elected in accordance with its limited liability
company agreement, where our senior managing directors have agreed that our founder, Stephen A. Schwarzman, will have the power to appoint and remove the directors of our general partner. The limited liability company agreement of our general
partner provides that at such time as Mr. Schwarzman should cease to be a founding member, Jonathan D. Gray will thereupon succeed Mr. Schwarzman as the sole founding member of our general partner, and thereafter such power will revert to
the members of our general partner (our senior managing directors) holding a majority in interest in our general partner.    Our
common unitholders do not elect our general partner or its board of directors and, unlike the holders of common stock in a corporation, have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business and therefore limited ability to influence
decisions regarding our business. Furthermore, if our common unitholders are dissatisfied with the performance of our general partner, they have little ability to remove our general partner. Our general partner may not be removed unless that removal
is approved by the vote of the holders of not less than  two-thirds  of the voting power of our outstanding common units and special voting units (including common units and special voting units held by the
general partner and its affiliates) and we receive an opinion of counsel regarding limited liability matters. As of December 31, 2018, Blackstone Partners L.L.C., an entity wholly owned by our personnel and others who are limited partners, had
44.4% of the voting power of The Blackstone Group L.P. limited partners. Therefore, our senior managing directors have the ability to block any removal of our general partner and, given their control of our general partner, control The Blackstone
Group L.P.    Blackstone personnel effectively control us and will effectively be able to determine the outcome of those few matters that
may be submitted for a vote of the limited partners.    Our senior managing directors generally have sufficient voting
power to determine the outcome of those few matters that may be submitted for a vote of the limited partners of The Blackstone Group L.P., including any attempt to remove our general partner, which our senior managing directors have the ability to
block.  
      62  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our common unitholders’ voting rights are further restricted by the provision in
our partnership agreement stating that any common units held by a person that beneficially owns 20% or more of any class of The Blackstone Group L.P. common units then outstanding (other than our general partner and its affiliates, or a direct or
subsequently approved transferee of our general partner or its affiliates) cannot be voted on any matter. In addition, our partnership agreement contains provisions limiting the ability of our common unitholders to call meetings or to acquire
information about our operations, as well as other provisions limiting the ability of our common unitholders to influence the manner or direction of our management. Our partnership agreement also does not restrict our general partner’s ability
to take actions that may result in our being treated as an entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal (and applicable state) income tax purposes without the approval of our common unitholders. Furthermore, the common unitholders are not
entitled to dissenters’ rights of appraisal under our partnership agreement or applicable Delaware law in the event of a merger or consolidation, a sale of substantially all of our assets or any other transaction or event. In addition, we have
the right to acquire all of our then outstanding common units if not more than 10% of our common units are held by persons other than our general partner and its affiliates.    As a result of these matters and the provisions referred to under “— Our common unitholders do not elect our general partner or vote on our general partner’s directors and have limited
ability to influence decisions regarding our business,” our common unitholders may be deprived of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common units in the future through a sale of The Blackstone Group L.P., and the trading prices of
our common units may be adversely affected by the absence or reduction of a takeover premium in the trading price.    We are a limited
partnership and as a result fall within exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange.    We are a limited partnership and fall within exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. Pursuant to these exceptions, limited
partnerships may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, including the requirements (a) that a majority of the board of directors of our general partner consist of independent
directors, (b) that we have a nominating/corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors (c) that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors, and (d) that the
compensation committee be required to consider certain independence factors when engaging compensation consultants, legal counsel and other committee advisers. In addition, we are not required to hold annual meetings of our common unitholders. We
will continue to avail ourselves of these exceptions. Accordingly, common unitholders generally do not have the same protections afforded to equityholders of entities that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the New York
Stock Exchange.    Potential conflicts of interest may arise among our general partner, its affiliates and us. Our general partner and its
affiliates have limited fiduciary duties to us and our common unitholders, which may permit them to favor their own interests to the detriment of us and our common unitholders.  
 Conflicts of interest may arise among our general partner and its affiliates, on the one hand, and us and our common unitholders, on the
other hand. As a result of these conflicts, our general partner may favor its own interests and the interests of its affiliates over the interests of our common unitholders. These conflicts include, among others, the following:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner determines the amount and timing of our investments and dispositions, indebtedness, issuances of additional partnership interests
and amounts of reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash that is available for distribution to our common unitholders,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner is allowed to take into account the interests of parties other than us in resolving conflicts of interest, which has the effect of
limiting its duties (including fiduciary duties) to our common unitholders. For example, our subsidiaries that serve as the general partners of our investment funds have fiduciary and contractual obligations to the investors in those funds, as a
result of which we expect to regularly take actions that might adversely affect our near term results of operations or cash flow,  
      63  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   because our senior managing directors hold their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units directly or through entities that are not subject to corporate
income taxation and The Blackstone Group L.P. holds Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units through wholly owned subsidiaries, some of which are subject to corporate income taxation, conflicts may arise between our senior managing directors and The
Blackstone Group L.P. relating to the selection and structuring of investments,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   other than as set forth in the  non-competition  and  non-solicitation 
agreements to which our senior managing directors are subject, which may not be enforceable, affiliates of our general partner and existing and former personnel employed by our general partner are not prohibited from engaging in other businesses or
activities, including those that might be in direct competition with us,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner has limited its liability and reduced or eliminated its duties (including fiduciary duties) under the partnership agreement, while
also restricting the remedies available to our common unitholders for actions that, without these limitations, might constitute breaches of duty (including fiduciary duty). In addition, we have agreed to indemnify our general partner and its
affiliates to the fullest extent permitted by law, except with respect to conduct involving bad faith, fraud or willful misconduct. By purchasing our common units, common unitholders will have agreed and consented to the provisions set forth in our
partnership agreement, including the provisions regarding conflicts of interest situations that, in the absence of such provisions, might constitute a breach of fiduciary or other duties under applicable state law,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our partnership agreement does not restrict our general partner from causing us to pay it or its affiliates for any services rendered, or from entering
into additional contractual arrangements with any of these entities on our behalf, so long as the terms of any such additional contractual arrangements are fair and reasonable to us as determined under the partnership agreement,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner determines how much debt we incur and that decision may adversely affect our credit ratings,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner determines which costs incurred by it and its affiliates are reimbursable by us,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner controls the enforcement of obligations owed to us by it and its affiliates, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner decides whether to retain separate counsel, accountants or others to perform services for us.  
 See “Part III. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence” and “Part III.
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance — Partnership Management and Governance — Conflicts Committee.”    Our partnership agreement contains provisions that reduce or eliminate duties (including fiduciary duties) of our general partner and limit remedies available to common unitholders for actions that
might otherwise constitute a breach of duty. It will be difficult for a common unitholder to successfully challenge a resolution of a conflict of interest by our general partner or by its conflicts committee.  
 Our partnership agreement contains provisions that waive or consent to conduct by our general partner and its affiliates that might
otherwise raise issues about compliance with fiduciary duties or applicable law. For example, our partnership agreement provides that when our general partner is acting in its individual capacity, as opposed to in its capacity as our general
partner, it may act without any fiduciary obligations to us or our common unitholders whatsoever. When our general partner, in its capacity as our general partner, is permitted to or required to make a decision in its “sole discretion” or
“discretion” or that it deems “necessary or appropriate” or “necessary or advisable,” then our general partner is entitled to consider only such interests and factors as it desires, including its own interests, and has
no duty or obligation (fiduciary or otherwise) to give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting us or any limited partners and will not be subject to any different standards imposed by the partnership agreement, the Delaware Limited
Partnership Act or under any other law, rule or regulation or in equity.  
      64  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
These modifications of fiduciary duties are expressly permitted by Delaware law. Hence, we and our common unitholders only have recourse and are able to seek remedies against our general partner
if our general partner breaches its obligations pursuant to our partnership agreement. Unless our general partner breaches its obligations pursuant to our partnership agreement, we and our common unitholders do not have any recourse against our
general partner even if our general partner were to act in a manner that was inconsistent with traditional fiduciary duties. Furthermore, even if there has been a breach of the obligations set forth in our partnership agreement, our partnership
agreement provides that our general partner and its officers and directors are not liable to us or our common unitholders for errors of judgment or for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and
 non-appealable  judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that the general partner or its officers and directors acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct. These modifications
are detrimental to the common unitholders because they restrict the remedies available to common unitholders for actions that without those limitations might constitute breaches of duty (including fiduciary duty).  
 Whenever a potential conflict of interest exists between us and our general partner, our general partner may resolve such conflict of
interest. If our general partner determines that its resolution of the conflict of interest is on terms no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties or is fair and reasonable to us, taking
into account the totality of the relationships between us and our general partner, then it will be presumed that in making this determination, our general partner acted in good faith. A common unitholder seeking to challenge this resolution of the
conflict of interest would bear the burden of overcoming such presumption. This is different from the situation with Delaware corporations, where a conflict resolution by an interested party would be presumed to be unfair and the interested party
would have the burden of demonstrating that the resolution was fair.    Also, if our general partner obtains the approval of the
conflicts committee of our general partner, the resolution will be conclusively deemed to be fair and reasonable to us and not a breach by our general partner of any duties it may owe to us or our common unitholders. This is different from the
situation with Delaware corporations, where a conflict resolution by a committee consisting solely of independent directors may, in certain circumstances, merely shift the burden of demonstrating unfairness to the plaintiff. Common unitholders, in
purchasing our common units, are deemed as having consented to the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement, including provisions regarding conflicts of interest situations that, in the absence of such provisions, might be considered a
breach of fiduciary or other duties under applicable state law. As a result, common unitholders will, as a practical matter, not be able to successfully challenge an informed decision by the conflicts committee. See “Part III. Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance — Partnership Management and Governance — Conflicts Committee.”  
 The control of our general partner may be transferred to a third party without common unitholder consent.  
 Our general partner may transfer its general partner interest to a third party in a merger or consolidation without the consent of our
common unitholders. Furthermore, at any time, the members of our general partner may sell or transfer all or part of their limited liability company interests in our general partner without the approval of the common unitholders, subject to certain
restrictions as described elsewhere in this Annual Report of Form  10-K.  A new general partner may not be willing or able to form new investment funds and could form funds that have investment objectives and
governing terms that differ materially from those of our current investment funds. A new owner could also have a different investment philosophy, employ investment professionals who are less experienced, be unsuccessful in identifying investment
opportunities or have a track record that is not as successful as Blackstone’s track record. If any of the foregoing were to occur, we could experience difficulty in making new investments, and the value of our existing investments, our
business, our results of operations and our financial condition could materially suffer.  
      65  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We intend to pay regular distributions to our common unitholders, but our ability to do so may be
limited by cash flow from operations and available liquidity, our holding partnership structure, applicable provisions of Delaware law and contractual restrictions.    Our intention is to distribute quarterly to common unitholders approximately 85% of The Blackstone Group L.P.’s share of Distributable Earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by
Blackstone’s general partner to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of its business, to make appropriate investments in its business and our funds, to comply with applicable law and any of its debt instruments or other
agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as  tax-related  payments, clawback obligations and distributions to unitholders for any ensuing quarter. All of the foregoing is subject to the
qualification that the declaration and payment of any distributions are at the sole discretion of our general partner, and may change at any time, including, without limitation, to eliminate such distributions entirely.  
 The Blackstone Group L.P. is a holding partnership and has no material assets other than the ownership of the partnership units in
Blackstone Holdings held through wholly owned subsidiaries. The Blackstone Group L.P. has no independent means of generating revenue. Accordingly, we intend to cause Blackstone Holdings to make distributions to its partners, including The Blackstone
Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, to fund any distributions The Blackstone Group L.P. may declare on the common units.    Our ability to make cash distributions to our unitholders will depend on a number of factors, including among others general economic and business conditions, our strategic plans and prospects, our
business and investment opportunities, our financial condition and operating results, including the timing and extent of our realizations, working capital requirements and anticipated cash needs, contractual restrictions and obligations including
fulfilling our current and future capital commitments, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions, restrictions and other implications on the payment of distributions by us to our common unitholders or by our subsidiaries to us and such other factors as
our general partner may deem relevant.    Under the Delaware Limited Partnership Act, we may not make a distribution to a
partner if after the distribution all our liabilities, other than liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interests and liabilities for which the recourse of creditors is limited to specific property of the partnership, would exceed
the fair value of our assets. If we were to make such an impermissible distribution, any limited partner who received a distribution and knew at the time of the distribution that the distribution was in violation of the Delaware Limited Partnership
Act would be liable to us for the amount of the distribution for three years. In addition, the terms of our revolving credit facility or other financing arrangements may from time to time include covenants or other restrictions that could constrain
our ability to make distributions.    The amortization of finite-lived intangible assets and
 non-cash  equity-based compensation results in expenses that may increase the net loss we record in certain periods or cause us to record a net loss in periods during which we would otherwise have recorded net
income.    As of December 31, 2018, we have $468.5 million of finite-lived intangible assets (in addition to
$1.9 billion of goodwill), net of accumulated amortization. These finite-lived intangible assets are from the IPO and subsequent business acquisitions. We are amortizing these finite-lived intangibles over their estimated useful lives, which
range from three to twenty years, using the straight-line method, with a weighted-average remaining amortization period of 8.6 years as of December 31, 2018. We also record  non-cash  equity-based
compensation from grants made in the ordinary course of business and in connection with other business acquisitions. The amortization of these finite-lived intangible assets and of this  non-cash  equity-based
compensation will increase our expenses during the relevant periods. These expenses may increase the net loss we record in certain periods or cause us to record a net loss in periods during which we would otherwise have recorded net income. A
substantial and sustained decline in our share price could result in an impairment of intangible assets or goodwill leading to a further reduction in net income or increase to net loss in the relevant period.  
      66  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We are required to pay our senior managing directors for most of the benefits relating to any
additional tax depreciation or amortization deductions we may claim as a result of the tax basis  step-up  we received as part of the reorganization we implemented in connection with our IPO or receive in
connection with future exchanges of our common units and related transactions.    As part of the reorganization we
implemented in connection with our IPO, we purchased interests in our business from our  pre-IPO  owners. In addition, holders of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings (other than The Blackstone Group
L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries), subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, may up to four times each year
(subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for The Blackstone Group L.P. common units on a  one-for-one  basis.
A Blackstone Holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to effect an exchange for a common unit. The purchase and subsequent exchanges are expected to result in increases in the tax
basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings that otherwise would not have been available. These increases in tax basis may increase (for tax purposes) depreciation and amortization and therefore reduce the amount of tax that
certain of The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries that are taxable as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which we refer to as the “corporate taxpayers,” would otherwise be required to pay in the future,
although the IRS may challenge all or part of that tax basis increase, and a court could sustain such a challenge.    One of the
corporate taxpayers has entered into a tax receivable agreement with our senior managing directors and other  pre-IPO  owners that provides for the payment by the corporate taxpayer to the counterparties of 85%
of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax or franchise tax that the corporate taxpayer actually realizes as a result of these increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to entering into
the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. In addition, additional tax receivable agreements have been executed, and others may continue to be executed, with newly-admitted
Blackstone senior managing directors and certain others who receive Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. This payment obligation is an obligation of the corporate taxpayer and not of Blackstone Holdings. As such, the cash distributions to public
common unitholders may vary from holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (held by Blackstone personnel and others) to the extent payments are made under the tax receivable agreements to selling holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership
Units. As the payments reflect actual tax savings received by Blackstone entities, there may be a timing difference between the tax savings received by Blackstone entities and the cash payments to selling holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership
Units. While the actual increase in tax basis, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under this agreement, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the price of our common units at the time of the
exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable and the amount and timing of our income, we expect that as a result of the size of the increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings, the payments
that we may make under the tax receivable agreements will be substantial. The payments under a tax receivable agreement are not conditioned upon a tax receivable agreement counterparty’s continued ownership of us. We may need to incur debt to
finance payments under the tax receivable agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the tax receivable agreements as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise.  
 Although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the IRS to challenge a tax basis increase, the tax receivable agreement
counterparties will not reimburse us for any payments previously made under the tax receivable agreement. As a result, in certain circumstances payments to the counterparties under the tax receivable agreement could be in excess of the corporate
taxpayer’s actual cash tax savings. The corporate taxpayer’s ability to achieve benefits from any tax basis increase, and the payments to be made under the tax receivable agreements, will depend upon a number of factors, as discussed
above, including the timing and amount of our future income.  
      67  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  If The Blackstone Group L.P. were deemed an “investment company” under the 1940 Act,
applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business.    An entity will generally be deemed to be an “investment company” for purposes of the 1940 Act if: (a) it is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily,
in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities, or (b) absent an applicable exemption, it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S.
government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We believe that we are engaged primarily in the business of providing asset management and capital markets services and not in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in
securities. We also believe that the primary source of income from each of our businesses is properly characterized as income earned in exchange for the provision of services. We hold ourselves out as an asset management and capital markets firm and
do not propose to engage primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Accordingly, we do not believe that The Blackstone Group L.P. is an “orthodox” investment company as defined in section 3(a)(1)(A) of
the 1940 Act and described in clause (a) in the first sentence of this paragraph. Furthermore, The Blackstone Group L.P. does not have any material assets other than its equity interests in certain wholly owned subsidiaries, which in turn will
have no material assets (other than intercompany debt) other than general partner interests in the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. These wholly owned subsidiaries are the sole general partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and are vested
with all management and control over the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. We do not believe the equity interests of The Blackstone Group L.P. in its wholly owned subsidiaries or the general partner interests of these wholly owned subsidiaries in
the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships are investment securities. Moreover, because we believe that the capital interests of the general partners of our funds in their respective funds are neither securities nor investment securities, we believe that
less than 40% of The Blackstone Group L.P.’s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis are comprised of assets that could be considered investment securities. Accordingly, we do not believe
The Blackstone Group L.P. is an inadvertent investment company by virtue of the 40% test in section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act as described in clause (b) in the first sentence of this paragraph. In addition, we believe The Blackstone Group L.P.
is not an investment company under section 3(b)(1) of the 1940 Act because it is primarily engaged in a  non-investment  company business.  
 The 1940 Act and the rules thereunder contain detailed parameters for the organization and operation of investment companies. Among other
things, the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities, generally prohibit the issuance of options and impose certain governance requirements. We
intend to conduct our operations so that The Blackstone Group L.P. will not be deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 Act. If anything were to happen which would cause The Blackstone Group L.P. to be deemed to be an investment company
under the 1940 Act, requirements imposed by the 1940 Act, including limitations on our capital structure, ability to transact business with affiliates (including us) and ability to compensate key employees, could make it impractical for us to
continue our business as currently conducted, impair the agreements and arrangements between and among The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings and our senior managing directors, or any combination thereof, and materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may be required to limit the amount of investments that we make as a principal or otherwise conduct our business in a manner that does not subject us to the registration and
other requirements of the 1940 Act.    Risks Related to Our Common Units    Our common unit price may decline due to the large number of common units eligible for future sale and for exchange.    The market price of our common units could decline as a result of sales of a large number of common units in the market in the future or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales, or the
possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell common units in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. We had a total of 658,590,547 voting common units outstanding as of
February 22, 2019.  
      68  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
Subject to the  lock-up  restrictions described below, we may issue and sell in the future additional common units. Limited partners of Blackstone Holdings
owned an aggregate of 488,222,302 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units outstanding as of February 22, 2019. In connection with our initial public offering, we entered into an exchange agreement with holders of Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units (other than The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries) so that these holders, subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of
the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, may up to four times each year (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for The Blackstone Group L.P. common units on a
 one-for-one  basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for splits, unit distributions and reclassifications. A Blackstone Holdings limited partner must
exchange one partnership unit in each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to effect an exchange for a common unit. The common units we issue upon such exchanges would be “restricted securities,” as defined in Rule 144 under the
Securities Act, unless we register such issuances. However, we have entered into a registration rights agreement with the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings that requires us to register these common units under the Securities Act and we have
filed registration statements that cover the delivery of common units issued upon exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. See “Part III. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence —
Transactions with Related Persons — Registration Rights Agreement.” While the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and related agreements contractually restrict the ability of Blackstone personnel to transfer the
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or The Blackstone Group L.P. common units they hold and require that they maintain a minimum amount of equity ownership during their employ by us, these contractual provisions may lapse over time or be waived,
modified or amended at any time.    As of February 22, 2019, we had granted 16,447,908 outstanding deferred restricted
common units and 33,483,874 outstanding deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to our  non-senior  managing director professionals and senior managing directors under The Blackstone Group L.P.
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (“2007 Equity Incentive Plan”). The aggregate number of common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units covered by our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan is increased on the first day of each
fiscal year during its term by a number of units equal to the positive difference, if any, of (a) 15% of the aggregate number of common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding
fiscal year (excluding Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by The Blackstone Group L.P. or its wholly owned subsidiaries) minus (b) the aggregate number of common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units covered by our 2007 Equity
Incentive Plan as of such date (unless the administrator of the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan should decide to increase the number of common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units covered by the plan by a lesser amount). An aggregate of
169,816,710 additional common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units were available for grant under our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan as of February 22, 2019. We have filed a registration statement and intend to file additional
registration statements on Form  S-8  under the Securities Act to register common units covered by our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (including pursuant to automatic annual increases). Any such Form  S-8  registration statement will automatically become effective upon filing. Accordingly, common units registered under such registration statement will be available for sale in the open market.  
 In connection with the Clarus Acquisition, we have agreed to issue 150,617 common units and 2,553,532 Blackstone Holdings Partnership
Units as deferred consideration to certain Clarus-affiliated personnel. These common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units will be issued in installments to the recipients on the third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the closing of the
Clarus Acquisition.    In addition, our partnership agreement authorizes us to issue an unlimited number of additional
partnership securities and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to partnership securities for the consideration and on the terms and conditions established by our general partner in its sole discretion without the approval of
any limited partners. In accordance with the Delaware Limited Partnership Act and the provisions of our partnership agreement, we may also issue additional partnership interests that have certain designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties
that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to common units. Similarly, the  
      69  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
Blackstone Holdings partnership agreements authorize the wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. which are the general partners of those partnerships to issue an unlimited number
of additional partnership securities of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units,
and which may be exchangeable for our common units.    The market price of our common units may be volatile, which could cause the value
of your investment to decline.    Securities markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. This
market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could reduce the market price of common units in spite of our operating performance. In addition, our operating results could be below the expectations of public market
analysts and investors, and in response the market price of our common units could decrease significantly. You may be unable to resell your common units at or above the price you paid for them.  
 Risks Related to United States Taxation  
 Our structure involves complex provisions of U.S. federal income tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Our structure
also is subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative change and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis.    The U.S. federal income tax treatment of common unitholders depends in some instances on determinations of fact and interpretations of complex provisions of U.S. federal income tax law for which no clear
precedent or authority may be available. The U.S. federal income tax rules are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, or “IRS,” and the U.S. Treasury Department,
frequently resulting in revised interpretations of established concepts, statutory changes, revisions to regulations and other modifications and interpretations. The IRS pays close attention to the proper application of tax laws to partnerships. The
present U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in our common units may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial interpretation at any time, and any such action may affect investments and commitments previously made. Changes
to the U.S. federal income tax laws and interpretations thereof could make it more difficult or impossible to meet the exception for us to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is not taxable as a corporation
(referred to as the “Qualifying Income Exception”), affect or cause us to change our investments and commitments, affect the tax considerations of an investment in us, change the character or treatment of portions of our income (including,
for instance, the longer three-year holding period requirement for carried interest to be treated as long-term capital gain under the Tax Reform Bill) and adversely affect an investment in our common units. See, for example, the discussion above
under “— In past years, there have been legislative proposals to tax certain publically traded partnerships as corporations. If these proposals were enacted and applied to us, our effective tax rate could increase significantly.”
   Our organizational documents and governing agreements permit our general partner to modify our amended and restated limited
partnership agreement from time to time, without the consent of the common unitholders, to address certain changes in U.S. federal income tax regulations, legislation or interpretation. In some circumstances, such revisions could have a material
adverse impact on some or all common unitholders. Our general partner may, without the consent of the unitholders, take actions that would cause us to be taxed as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such actions could result in a
taxable event to our unitholders where gain or loss is recognized. In addition, among other potential adverse consequences, becoming taxed as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes would subject all of our future net income to a level of
corporate tax, which may reduce the amount of cash available for distribution or reinvestment.    Moreover, we will apply
certain assumptions and conventions in an attempt to comply with applicable rules and to report income, gain, deduction, loss and credit to common unitholders in a manner that reflects such common unitholders’ beneficial ownership of
partnership items, taking into account variation in unitholder ownership interests during each taxable year because of trading activity. More specifically, our allocations of items of taxable  

      70  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
income and loss between transferors and transferees of our units will be determined annually, will be prorated on a monthly basis and will be subsequently apportioned among the unitholders in
proportion to the number of units owned by each of them determined as of the opening of trading of our units on the New York Stock Exchange on the first business day of every month. As a result, a unitholder transferring units may be allocated
income, gain, loss and deductions realized after the date of transfer. However, those assumptions and conventions may not be in compliance with all aspects of applicable tax requirements. The IRS could potentially assert successfully that the
conventions and assumptions used by us do not satisfy the technical requirements of the Internal Revenue Code and/or Treasury regulations and could require that items of income, gain, deductions, loss or credit, including interest deductions, be
adjusted, reallocated or disallowed in a manner that adversely affects common unitholders.    If we were treated as a corporation for U.S.
federal income tax or state tax purposes, then our distributions to our common unitholders may be substantially reduced and the value of our common units would be adversely affected.  
 We are currently being treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which requires that 90% or more of our gross income
for every taxable year consist of qualifying income, as defined in Section 7704 of the Internal Revenue Code and that The Blackstone Group L.P. not be registered under the 1940 Act. Qualifying income generally includes dividends, interest,
capital gains from the sale or other disposition of stocks and securities and certain other forms of investment income. We may not meet these requirements or current law may change so as to cause, in either event, us to be treated as a corporation
for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise subject to U.S. federal income tax. We have not requested, and do not plan to request, a ruling from the IRS on this or any other matter affecting us. Moreover, our general partner may elect to take
actions that result in our being treated as an entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal (and applicable state) income tax purposes without the approval of our common unitholders.  
 If we were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would pay U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at
the corporate tax rate. Distributions to our common unitholders would generally be taxed again as corporate distributions, and no income, gains, losses, deductions or credits would flow through to common unitholders. Because a tax would be imposed
upon us as a corporation, our distributions to our common unitholders may be substantially reduced, which could cause a substantial reduction in the value of our common units. The same changes would result if our general partner caused us to be
taxed as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.    Current law may change, causing us to be treated as a
corporation for U.S. federal or state income tax purposes or otherwise subjecting us to entity level taxation. See, for example, “— In past years, there have been legislative proposals to tax certain publically traded partnerships as
corporations. If these proposals were enacted and applied to us, our effective tax rate could increase significantly,” and “— States and local jurisdictions have considered and are considering changes to the income tax treatment of
carried interest and partnerships generally that could if enacted cause us to incur a material increase in our tax liability and/or cause carried interest or other income allocable to holders of our common units to be subject to state or local
income tax at higher rates than under current law.”    Our common unitholders may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on their
share of our taxable income, regardless of whether they receive any cash distributions from us.    As long as 90% of our
gross income for each taxable year constitutes qualifying income as defined in Section 7704 of the Internal Revenue Code and we are not required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act on a continuing basis, and assuming there
is no change in law or relevant change in our structure, we will be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as a partnership and not as an association or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation. Accordingly, each unitholder
will be required to take into account its allocable share of items of income, gain, loss and deduction of the Partnership. Distributions to a unitholder will generally be taxable to the unitholder for U.S. federal income tax purposes only to the
extent the amount distributed exceeds the  
      71  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
unitholder’s tax basis in the unit. That treatment contrasts with the treatment of a shareholder in a corporation. For example, a shareholder in a corporation who receives a distribution of
earnings from the corporation will generally report the distribution as dividend income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In contrast, a holder of our units who receives a distribution of earnings from us will not report the distribution as
dividend income (and will treat the distribution as taxable only to the extent the amount distributed exceeds the unitholder’s tax basis in the units), but will instead report the holder’s allocable share of items of our income for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. As a result, our common unitholders may be subject to U.S. federal, state, local and possibly, in some cases, foreign income taxation on their allocable share of our items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit
(including our allocable share of those items of any entity in which we invest that is treated as a partnership or is otherwise subject to tax on a flow-through basis) for each of our taxable years ending with or within your taxable year, regardless
of whether or not a common unitholder receives cash distributions from us.    Our common unitholders may not receive cash
distributions equal to their allocable share of our net taxable income or even the tax liability that results from that income. In addition, certain of our holdings, including holdings, if any, in a Controlled Foreign Corporation, or
“CFC,” and a Passive Foreign Investment Company, or “PFIC,” may produce taxable income prior to the receipt of cash relating to such income, and common unitholders that are U.S. taxpayers will be required to take such income into
account in determining their taxable income. In the event of an inadvertent termination of our partnership status for which the IRS has granted us limited relief, each holder of our common units may be obligated to make such adjustments as the IRS
may require to maintain our status as a partnership. Such adjustments may require persons holding our common units to recognize additional amounts in income during the years in which they hold such units.  
 The Blackstone Group L.P.’s interest in certain of our businesses are held through Blackstone Holdings I/II GP Inc. or Blackstone Holdings IV
GP L.P., which are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes; such corporations may be liable for significant taxes and may create other adverse tax consequences, which could potentially adversely affect the value of your
investment.    In light of the publicly traded partnership rules under U.S. federal income tax law and other
requirements, The Blackstone Group L.P. holds its interest in certain of our businesses through Blackstone Holdings I/II GP Inc. or Blackstone Holdings IV GP L.P., which are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Each such
corporation could be liable for significant U.S. federal income taxes and applicable state, local and other taxes that would not otherwise be incurred, which could adversely affect the value of our common units.  
 Complying with certain  tax-related  requirements may cause us to invest through foreign or domestic
corporations subject to corporate income tax or enter into acquisitions, borrowings, financings or arrangements we may not have otherwise entered into.    In order for us to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and not as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation, we must meet the Qualifying Income
Exception discussed above on a continuing basis and we must not be required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. In order to effect such treatment, we (or our subsidiaries) may be required to invest through foreign or domestic
corporations subject to corporate income tax, or enter into acquisitions, borrowings, financings or other transactions we may not have otherwise entered into. This may adversely affect our ability to operate solely to maximize our cash flow.
   Tax gain or loss on disposition of our common units could be more or less than expected.  
 If a holder of our common units sells the common units it holds, it will recognize a gain or loss equal to the difference between the
amount realized and the adjusted tax basis in those common units. Prior distributions to such common unitholder in excess of the total net taxable income allocated to such common unitholder, which decreased the tax basis in its common units, will in
effect become taxable income to such common unitholder if the common units are sold at a price greater than such common unitholder’s tax basis in those common units, even if the price is  

      72  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
less than the original cost. A portion of the amount realized, whether or not representing gain, may be ordinary income to such common unitholder.  
 If we were not to make, or cause to be made, an otherwise available election under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code to adjust our
asset basis or the asset basis of certain of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, a holder of common units could be allocated more taxable income in respect of those common units prior to disposition than if such an election were made.
   We currently do not intend to make, or cause to be made, an election to adjust asset basis under Section 754 of
the Internal Revenue Code with respect to us, Blackstone Holdings III L.P. or Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. As a result, there will generally be no adjustment to the basis of the assets of Blackstone Holdings III L.P. or Blackstone Holdings IV L.P.
upon a subsequent transferee’s acquisition of common units from a prior holder of such common units, even if the purchase price for those interests or units, as applicable, is greater than the share of the aggregate tax basis of our assets or
the assets of Blackstone Holdings III L.P. or Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. attributable to those interests or units immediately prior to the acquisition. Consequently, upon a sale of an asset by us, Blackstone Holdings III L.P. or Blackstone Holdings
IV L.P., gain allocable to a holder of common units could include  built-in  gain in the asset existing at the time we acquired those interests, or such holder acquired such units, which  built-in  gain would otherwise generally be eliminated if a Section 754 election had been made.    Non-U.S.  persons face unique U.S. tax issues from owning common units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them.    In light of our investment activities, we will be treated as engaged in a U.S. trade or business for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may cause some portion of our income to be treated as
effectively connected income with respect to  non-U.S.  holders, or “ECI.” Moreover, dividends paid by an investment that we make in a REIT that are attributable to gains from the sale of U.S. real
property interests and sales of certain investments in interests in U.S. real property, including stock of certain U.S. corporations owning significant U.S. real property, may be treated as ECI with respect to certain
 non-U.S.  holders. In addition, certain income of  non-U.S.  holders from U.S. sources not connected to any such U.S. trade or business conducted by us could be treated as
ECI. To the extent our income is treated as ECI,  non-U.S.  holders generally would be subject to withholding tax on their allocable shares of such income, would be required to file a U.S. federal income tax
return for such year reporting their allocable shares of income effectively connected with such trade or business and any other income treated as ECI, and would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular U.S. tax rates on any such income
(state and local income taxes and filings may also apply in that event).  Non-U.S.  holders that are corporations may also be subject to a 30% branch profits tax on their allocable share of such income. In
addition, certain income from U.S. sources that is not ECI allocable to  non-U.S.  holders may be reduced by withholding taxes imposed at the highest effective applicable tax rate. Any gain recognized by a  non-U.S.  holder on the sale or exchange of common units that is deemed to be effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business will also be treated as ECI. Under the Tax Reform Bill, unless an applicable  non-foreign  person affidavit is furnished or another exception applies, if any portion of gain, on a disposition of an interest in us would be treated as ECI, the transferee of an interest in us is required to
withhold 10% of the amount realized on such disposition (and we could be required to withhold from future distributions to the transferee if the transferee fails to properly withhold). The U.S. Treasury Department and IRS have announced the
temporary suspension of such withholding tax provisions with respect to any disposition of an interest in a publicly traded partnership until regulations or other guidance has been issued. Such withholding tax provisions, when effective for publicly
traded partnerships, could impose material tax and administrative burdens on us and our unitholders.  
 Tax-exempt  entities face unique tax issues from owning common units that may result in adverse tax
consequences to them.    In light of our investment activities, we will be treated as deriving income that constitutes
“unrelated business taxable income,” or “UBTI.” Consequently, a holder of common units that is a  tax-exempt  organization may be subject to “unrelated business income tax” to the
extent that its allocable share of our income consists of UBTI. A  
      73  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
 tax-exempt  partner of a partnership could be treated as earning UBTI if the partnership regularly engages in a trade or business that is unrelated to the
exempt function of the  tax-exempt  partner, if the partnership derives income from debt-financed property or if the partnership interest itself is debt-financed.  
 We cannot match transferors and transferees of common units, and we have therefore adopted certain income tax accounting positions that may not
conform with all aspects of applicable tax requirements. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of our common units.    Because we cannot match transferors and transferees of common units, we have adopted depreciation, amortization and other tax accounting positions that may not conform with all aspects of existing
Treasury regulations. A successful IRS challenge to those positions could adversely affect the amount of tax benefits available to our common unitholders. It also could affect the timing of these tax benefits or the amount of gain on the sale of
common units and could have a negative impact on the value of our common units or result in audits of and adjustments to our common unitholders’ tax returns.    Common unitholders will be subject to state and local taxes and return filing requirements as a result of investing in our common units.  
 In addition to U.S. federal income taxes, our common unitholders are subject to other taxes, including state and local taxes,
unincorporated business taxes and estate, inheritance or intangible taxes that are imposed by the various jurisdictions in which we do business or own property now or in the future, even if our common unitholders do not reside in any of those
jurisdictions. Our common unitholders are likely to be required to file state and local income tax returns and pay state and local income taxes in some or all of these jurisdictions. Further, common unitholders may be subject to penalties for
failure to comply with those requirements. The filing of all U.S. federal, state and local tax returns that may be required of a common unitholder is the responsibility of such common unitholder.  
 While we anticipate that we will be able to provide to each unitholder specific tax information within 90 days after the close of each calendar
year, we cannot guarantee this will be the case. To the extent we are unable to furnish the information within 90 days, holders of common units who are U.S. taxpayers may need to file a request for an extension of the due date of their income tax
return. In addition, common unitholders may be required to file amended income tax returns.    It may require longer than
90 days after the end of our fiscal year to obtain the requisite information from all lower-tier entities so that  K-1s  may be prepared for the Partnership. For this reason, holders of common units who are U.S.
taxpayers should anticipate the need to file annually with the IRS (and certain states) a request for an extension past April 15 or the otherwise applicable due date of their income tax return for the taxable year. In addition, common
unitholders may be required to file amended income tax returns as a result of adjustments to items on the corresponding income tax returns of the partnership. Any obligation for a unitholder to file amended income tax returns for that or any other
reason, including any costs incurred in the preparation or filing of such returns, is the responsibility of each common unitholder.  
 Certain U.S. holders of common units are subject to additional tax on “net investment income.”  
 U.S. holders that are individuals, estates or trusts are currently subject to a Medicare tax of 3.8% on “net investment income”
(or undistributed “net investment income,” in the case of estates and trusts) for each taxable year, with such tax applying to the lesser of such income or the excess of such person’s adjusted gross income (with certain adjustments)
over a specified amount. Net investment income includes net income from interest, dividends, annuities, royalties and rents and net gain attributable to the disposition of investment property. Net income and gain attributable to an investment in the
Partnership will be included in a U.S. holder’s “net investment income” subject to this Medicare tax.  
      74  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We may be liable for adjustments to our tax returns as a result of partnership audit legislation.
   Legislation enacted in 2015 significantly changed the rules for U.S. federal income tax audits of partnerships. Such
audits will be conducted at the partnership level, and unless a partnership qualifies for and affirmatively elects an alternative procedure, any adjustments to the amount of tax due (including interest and penalties) will be payable by the
partnership. Under an elective alternative procedure, a partnership would issue information returns to persons who were partners in the audited year, who would then be required to take the adjustments into account in calculating their own tax
liability, and the partnership would not be liable for the adjustments. If a partnership elects the alternative procedure for a given adjustment, the amount of taxes for which its partners would be liable would be increased by any applicable
penalties and a special interest charge. There can be no assurance that we will be eligible to make such an election or that we will, in fact, make such an election for any given adjustment. If we do not or are not able to make such an election,
then (a) our then-current common unitholders, in the aggregate, could indirectly bear income tax liabilities in excess of the aggregate amount of taxes that would have been due had we elected the alternative procedure, and (b) a given
common unitholder may indirectly bear taxes attributable to income allocable to other common unitholders or former common unitholders, including taxes (as well as interest and penalties) with respect to periods prior to such holder’s ownership
of common units. Amounts available for distribution to our common unitholders may be reduced as a result of our obligation to pay any taxes associated with an adjustment. Many issues and the overall effect of this legislation on us are uncertain,
and common unitholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding all aspects of this legislation as it affects their particular circumstances.      
 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS    None.      
 
 
 ITEM 2. 
   PROPERTIES    Our principal executive offices are located in leased office space at 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York. As of December 31, 2018, we also leased offices in Dublin, Hong Kong, London, Mumbai,
Singapore, Sydney, Tokyo and other cities around the world. We do not own any real property. We consider these facilities to be suitable and adequate for the management and operations of our business.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 3. 
   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    We may from time to time be involved in litigation and claims incidental to the conduct of our business. Our businesses are also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings
against us. See “— Item 1A. Risk Factors” above. We are not currently subject to any pending legal (including judicial, regulatory, administrative or arbitration) proceedings that we expect to have a material impact on our
consolidated financial statements. However, given the inherent unpredictability of these types of proceedings and the potentially large and/or indeterminate amounts that could be sought, an adverse outcome in certain matters could have a material
effect on Blackstone’s financial results in any particular period.    In December 2017, a purported derivative suit
( Mayberry v. KKR  & Co., L.P., et al. ) was filed in the Commonwealth of Kentucky Franklin County Circuit Court on behalf of the Kentucky Retirement System (“KRS”) by eight of its members and beneficiaries
alleging various breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of Kentucky state law in connection with KRS’s investment in three hedge funds of funds, including a fund managed by Blackstone Alternative Asset Management L.P. (“BAAM
L.P.”). The suit names more than 30 defendants, including The Blackstone Group L.P.; BAAM L.P.; Stephen A. Schwarzman, as Chairman and CEO of Blackstone; and J. Tomilson Hill, as then-President and CEO of the Hedge Fund Solutions Group, Vice
Chairman of Blackstone and CEO of BAAM (collectively, the “Blackstone Defendants”). Aside from the Blackstone Defendants, the action also names current and former KRS trustees and former KRS officers and various other service providers to
KRS and their related persons. 
      75  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The plaintiffs filed an amended complaint in January 2018. In November 2018, the
Circuit Court granted one defendant’s motion to dismiss and denied all other defendants’ motions to dismiss, including those of the Blackstone Defendants. In January 2019, certain of the KRS trustee and officer defendants noticed appeals
from the denial of the motions to dismiss to the Kentucky Court of Appeals, and also filed a motion to stay the Mayberry proceedings in Circuit Court pending the outcome of those appeals. In addition, several defendants, including Blackstone and
BAAM L.P., filed petitions in the Kentucky Court of Appeals for a writ of prohibition against the ongoing Mayberry proceedings on the ground that the plaintiffs lack standing.    Blackstone believes that this suit is totally without merit and intends to defend it vigorously.      
 
 
 ITEM 4. 
   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    Not applicable.  
      76  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART II.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 5. 
   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
   Our common units representing limited partner interests are traded on the New York Stock Exchange
(“NYSE”) under the symbol “BX.” Our common units began trading on the NYSE on June 22, 2007.    The
number of holders of record of our common units as of February 22, 2019 was 76. This does not include the number of unitholders that hold common units in “street name” through banks or broker-dealers.  
 The following table sets forth the quarterly per unit common unitholder distributions earned for the periods indicated. Each
quarter’s distributions are declared and paid in the following quarter.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   First Quarter 
    
 $ 
 0.35 
   
    
 $ 
 0.87 
   
 
   Second Quarter 
    
   
 0.58 
   
    
   
 0.54 
   
 
   Third Quarter 
    
   
 0.64 
   
    
   
 0.44 
   
 
   Fourth Quarter 
    
   
 0.58 
   
    
   
 0.85 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 2.15 
   
    
 $ 
 2.70 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Cash Distribution Policy    Our intention is to distribute quarterly to common unitholders approximately 85% of The Blackstone Group L.P.’s share of Distributable Earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by
Blackstone’s general partner to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of its business, to make appropriate investments in its business and funds, to comply with applicable law and any of its debt instruments or other
agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as  tax-related  payments, clawback obligations and distributions to unitholders for any ensuing quarter. The amount distributed could also be adjusted
upward in any one quarter.    For Blackstone’s definition of Distributable Earnings, see “— Key Financial
Measures and Indicators” in the “— Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”    All of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any distributions are at the sole discretion of our general partner, and our general partner may change our
distribution policy at any time, including, without limitation, to eliminate such distributions entirely.    Because The
Blackstone Group L.P. is a holding partnership and has no material assets other than its ownership of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings held through wholly owned subsidiaries, we fund distributions by The Blackstone Group L.P., if any, in
three steps:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   First, we cause Blackstone Holdings to make distributions to its partners, including The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries.
If Blackstone Holdings makes such distributions, the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings will be entitled to receive equivalent distributions pro-rata based on their partnership interests in Blackstone Holdings (except as set forth in the
following paragraph),      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Second, we cause The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries to distribute to The Blackstone Group L.P. their share of such
distributions, net of the taxes and amounts payable under the tax receivable agreements by such wholly owned subsidiaries, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Third, The Blackstone Group L.P. distributes its net share of such distributions to our common unitholders on a pro-rata basis.
 
      77  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Because the wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. must pay taxes and
make payments under the tax receivable agreements described in Note 17. “Related Party Transactions” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data,” the amounts ultimately distributed by The Blackstone Group L.P. to its common unitholders are generally expected to be less, on a per unit basis, than the amounts distributed by the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to the Blackstone
personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships in respect of their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.    In addition, the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships provide for cash distributions, which we refer to as “tax distributions,” to the partners of such partnerships if
the wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. which are the general partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships determine that the taxable income of the relevant partnership will give rise to taxable income for its partners.
Generally, these tax distributions will be computed based on our estimate of the net taxable income of the relevant partnership allocable to a partner multiplied by an assumed tax rate equal to the highest effective marginal combined U.S. federal,
state and local income tax rate prescribed for an individual or corporate resident in New York, New York (taking into account the nondeductibility of certain expenses and the character of our income). The Blackstone Holdings Partnerships will make
tax distributions only to the extent distributions from such partnerships for the relevant year were otherwise insufficient to cover such estimated assumed tax liabilities.    Under the Delaware Limited Partnership Act, we may not make a distribution to a partner if after the distribution all our liabilities, other than liabilities to partners on account of their partnership
interests and liabilities for which the recourse of creditors is limited to specific property of the partnership, would exceed the fair value of our assets. If we were to make such an impermissible distribution, any limited partner who received a
distribution and knew at the time of the distribution that the distribution was in violation of the Delaware Limited Partnership Act would be liable to us for the amount of the distribution for three years. In addition, the terms of our revolving
credit facility or other financing arrangements may from time to time include covenants or other restrictions that could constrain our ability to make distributions.    Unit Repurchases in the Fourth Quarter of 2018    The following table sets
forth information regarding repurchases of our common units during the quarter ended December 31, 2018:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
    
 Total Number of Units Purchased 
   
    
 Average Price Paid per Unit 
   
    
 Total Number of Units Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or
Programs (a) 
   
    
 Approximate Dollar Value of Units that May Yet Be Purchased Under the
Program (Dollars in Thousands) (a) 
   


 
   Oct. 1 - Oct. 31, 2018 
    
   
 1,366,666 
   
    
 $ 
 31.97 
   
    
   
 1,366,666 
   
    
 $ 
 666,241 
   
 
   Nov. 1 - Nov. 30, 2018 
    
   
 4,228,700 
   
    
 $ 
 33.45 
   
    
   
 4,228,700 
   
    
 $ 
 524,797 
   
 
   Dec. 1 - Dec. 31, 2018 
    
   
 2,204,634 
   
    
 $ 
 30.07 
   
    
   
 2,204,634 
   
    
 $ 
 458,499 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 7,800,000 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 7,800,000 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (a) 
   On April 16, 2018, the Board of Directors of our general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., authorized the repurchase of up to
$1.0 billion of Blackstone common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Under the unit repurchase program, units may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The
timing and the actual number of units repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The unit repurchase program may be changed, suspended or discontinued at any time and does
not have a specified expiration date. See “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 15. Net Income Per Common Unit” and “— Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Sources and Uses of Liquidity” for further information regarding this unit repurchase program.
 
      78  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  As permitted by our policies and procedures governing transactions in our securities by
our directors, executive officers and other employees, from time to time some of these persons may establish plans or arrangements complying with  Rule 10b5-1  under the Exchange Act, and similar plans and
arrangements relating to our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.    Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities
   On November 30, 2018, Blackstone closed the Clarus Acquisition. In connection with the Clarus Acquisition, certain
management and other equityholders of Clarus acquired an aggregate of 1,506,163 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, which are exchangeable on a  one-for-one  basis for
common units representing limited partner interests in The Blackstone Group L.P. The Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and the underlying common units were not registered under the Securities Act and were issued in reliance upon the exemption
from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act on the basis that such issuance did not involve any public offering.  
      79  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 ITEM 6. 
   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA    The consolidated statements of financial condition and income data as of and for each of the five years ended December 31, 2018 have been derived from our consolidated financial statements. The
audited Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 and the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 are included in “Part II. Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing. The audited Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 and the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014 are not included in this Form  10-K.  Historical results are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period.    Effective January 1, 2018, Blackstone adopted new GAAP guidance on revenue recognition and implemented a change in accounting principal related to carried interest and incentive allocations, which
are now accounted for under the GAAP guidance for equity method investments and are presented within Total Investment Income in the table below. Historical results for 2017 and 2016 have been recast to reflect these changes, while historical results
for 2015 and 2014 have not been recast to reflect the adopted guidance. A complete description of the changes can be found in Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Recent Accounting Developments” in the “Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements” in “Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.    The selected consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with “— Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our
consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form  10-K:       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   
 
   Revenues 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
   
 $ 
 3,027,796 
   
   
 $ 
 2,751,322 
   
   
 $ 
 2,464,290 
   
   
 $ 
 2,542,505 
   
   
 $ 
 2,497,252 
   
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 57,540 
   
   
   
 242,514 
   
   
   
 149,928 
   
   
   
 156,378 
   
   
   
 156,235 
   
 
   Total Investment Income 
   
   
 2,903,659 
   
   
   
 4,144,712 
   
   
   
 2,381,604 
   
   
   
 1,844,930 
   
   
   
 4,752,027 
   
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue and Other 
   
   
 844,264 
   
   
   
 6,467 
   
   
   
 150,477 
   
   
   
 102,739 
   
   
   
 79,214 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
   
   
 6,833,259 
   
   
   
 7,145,015 
   
   
   
 5,146,299 
   
   
   
 4,646,552 
   
   
   
 7,484,728 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
   
   
 2,674,691 
   
   
   
 2,933,523 
   
   
   
 2,202,986 
   
   
   
 2,290,751 
   
   
   
 3,154,371 
   
 
   General, Administrative and Other 
   
   
 594,873 
   
   
   
 488,582 
   
   
   
 541,624 
   
   
   
 576,103 
   
   
   
 549,463 
   
 
   Interest Expense 
   
   
 163,990 
   
   
   
 197,486 
   
   
   
 152,654 
   
   
   
 144,522 
   
   
   
 121,524 
   
 
   Fund Expenses 
   
   
 78,486 
   
   
   
 132,787 
   
   
   
 52,181 
   
   
   
 79,499 
   
   
   
 30,498 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
   
   
 3,512,040 
   
   
   
 3,752,378 
   
   
   
 2,949,445 
   
   
   
 3,090,875 
   
   
   
 3,855,856 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other Income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Reduction of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability 
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 403,855 
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 82,707 
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities 
   
   
 191,722 
   
   
   
 321,597 
   
   
   
 184,750 
   
   
   
 176,364 
   
   
   
 357,854 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Other Income 
   
   
 191,722 
   
   
   
 725,452 
   
   
   
 184,750 
   
   
   
 259,071 
   
   
   
 357,854 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
   
   
 3,512,941 
   
   
   
 4,118,089 
   
   
   
 2,381,604 
   
   
   
 1,814,748 
   
   
   
 3,986,726 
   
 
   Provision for Taxes 
   
   
 249,390 
   
   
   
 743,147 
   
   
   
 132,362 
   
   
   
 190,398 
   
   
   
 291,173 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income 
   
   
 3,263,551 
   
   
   
 3,374,942 
   
   
   
 2,249,242 
   
   
   
 1,624,350 
   
   
   
 3,695,553 
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 (2,104 
 )  
   
   
 13,806 
   
   
   
 3,977 
   
   
   
 11,145 
   
   
   
 74,794 
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to  Non-Controlling  Interests in Consolidated
Entities 
   
   
 358,878 
   
   
   
 497,439 
   
   
   
 246,152 
   
   
   
 219,900 
   
   
   
 335,070 
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to  Non-Controlling  Interests in Blackstone
Holdings 
   
   
 1,364,989 
   
   
   
 1,392,323 
   
   
   
 960,099 
   
   
   
 683,516 
   
   
   
 1,701,100 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
 $ 
 1,541,788 
   
   
 $ 
 1,471,374 
   
   
 $ 
 1,039,014 
   
   
 $ 
 709,789 
   
   
 $ 
 1,584,589 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
      80  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Net Income Per Common Unit, Basic and Diluted 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common Units, Basic 
   
 $ 
 2.27 
   
   
 $ 
 2.21 
   
   
 $ 
 1.60 
   
   
 $ 
 1.12 
   
   
 $ 
 2.60 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Common Units, Diluted 
   
 $ 
 2.26 
   
   
 $ 
 2.21 
   
   
 $ 
 1.56 
   
   
 $ 
 1.04 
   
   
 $ 
 2.58 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Distributions Declared Per Common Unit (a) 
   
 $ 
 2.42 
   
   
 $ 
 2.32 
   
   
 $ 
 1.66 
   
   
 $ 
 2.90 
   
   
 $ 
 1.92 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
       
 
 
 (a) 
   Distributions declared reflects the calendar date of declaration for each distribution. The fourth quarter distribution, if any, for any
fiscal year will be declared and paid in the subsequent fiscal year.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Statement of Financial Condition Data 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total Assets (a) 
   
 $ 
 28,924,650 
   
   
 $ 
 34,415,919 
   
   
 $ 
 26,386,650 
   
   
 $ 
 22,526,080 
   
   
 $ 
 31,497,097 
   
 
   Senior Notes 
   
 $ 
 3,471,151 
   
   
 $ 
 3,514,815 
   
   
 $ 
 3,399,922 
   
   
 $ 
 2,797,060 
   
   
 $ 
 2,136,706 
   
 
   Total Liabilities (a) 
   
 $ 
 15,170,564 
   
   
 $ 
 20,692,828 
   
   
 $ 
 13,879,169 
   
   
 $ 
 10,295,623 
   
   
 $ 
 14,163,550 
   
 
   Redeemable  Non-Controlling  Interests in Consolidated
Entities (a) 
   
 $ 
 141,779 
   
   
 $ 
 210,944 
   
   
 $ 
 185,390 
   
   
 $ 
 183,459 
   
   
 $ 
 2,441,854 
   
 
   Total Partners’ Capital 
   
 $ 
 13,612,307 
   
   
 $ 
 13,512,147 
   
   
 $ 
 12,322,091 
   
   
 $ 
 12,046,998 
   
   
 $ 
 14,891,693 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   The decrease in Total Assets and Total Liabilities from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2018 is primarily due to the
deconsolidation of CLOs and other fund entities, partially offset by the launch of new consolidated CLOs. The increase in Total Assets and Total Liabilities from December 31, 2016 to December 31, 2017 is principally due to new consolidated
CLO vehicles managed by our Credit segment. The decrease in total assets, total liabilities and redeemable  non-controlling  interests in consolidated entities from December 31, 2014 to December 31,
2015 was principally due to the adoption as of January 1, 2015 of new accounting consolidation guidance which resulted in the deconsolidation of certain Blackstone Funds.  
      81  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 ITEM 7. 
   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with The Blackstone Group L.P.’s consolidated financial
statements and the related notes included within this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    Our Business  
 Blackstone is one of the largest independent managers of private capital in the world. Our business is organized into four segments:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Real Estate.  Our real estate group is one of the largest real estate investment managers in the world. We operate as one globally integrated
business, with investments in North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America. Our real estate investment team seeks to establish a differentiated view and capitalizes on our scale and proprietary information advantages to invest with conviction and
generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our investors over the long-term.    Our Blackstone Real Estate
Partners (“BREP”) funds are geographically diversified and target a broad range of “opportunistic” real estate and real estate related investments. The BREP funds include global funds as well as funds focused specifically on
Europe or Asia investments. We seek to acquire high quality, well-located yet undermanaged assets at an attractive basis, address any property or business issues through active asset management and sell the assets once our business plan is
accomplished. BREP has made significant investments in hotels, office buildings, industrial assets, residential and shopping centers, as well as a variety of real estate operating companies.  
 Our core+ real estate business, Blackstone Property Partners (“BPP”) has assembled a global portfolio of high quality core+
investments across the U.S., Europe and Asia. We manage several core+ real estate funds, which target substantially stabilized assets in prime markets with a focus on industrial, multifamily, office and retail assets.  
 BREIT, a non-exchange traded real estate investment trust (“REIT”), is focused on investing primarily in stabilized
income-oriented commercial real estate in the U.S.    Our Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies (“BREDS”) vehicles
target debt investment opportunities collateralized by commercial real estate in both public and private markets, primarily in the U.S. and Europe. BREDS’ scale and investment mandates enable it to provide a variety of lending and investment
options including mezzanine loans, senior loans and liquid securities. The BREDS platform includes a number of high yield real estate debt funds, liquid real estate debt funds and BXMT, a NYSE-listed REIT.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Private Equity.  We are a world leader in private equity investing, having managed seven general private equity funds, as well as three
sector-focused funds and a geographically-focused fund, since we established this business in 1987. Our Private Equity segment includes our corporate private equity business, which consists of (a) our flagship private equity funds (Blackstone
Capital Partners (“BCP”) funds), (b) our sector-focused private equity funds, including our energy-focused funds (Blackstone Energy Partners (“BEP”) funds), (c) our Asia-focused fund (Blackstone Capital Partners Asia
(“BCP Asia”) fund) and (d) our core private equity fund, Blackstone Core Equity Partners (“BCEP”). In addition, our Private Equity segment includes (a) our opportunistic investment platform that invests globally across
asset classes, industries and geographies, Blackstone Tactical Opportunities (“Tactical Opportunities”), (b) our secondary fund of funds business, Strategic Partners Fund Solutions (“Strategic Partners”), (c) our
infrastructure-focused funds, Blackstone Infrastructure Partners (“BIP”), (d) our life sciences private investment platform, Blackstone Life Sciences (“BXLS”), (e) a multi-asset investment program for eligible high net
worth investors offering exposure to certain of Blackstone’s key illiquid investment strategies through a single commitment, Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution (“BTAS”) and (f) our capital markets services business,
Blackstone Capital Markets (“BXCM”).    Our corporate private equity business pursues transactions
throughout the world across a variety of transaction types, including large buyouts, mid-cap buyouts, buy and build platforms (which involve  
      82  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
multiple acquisitions behind a single management team and platform) and growth equity/development projects (which involve significant minority investments in mature companies and greenfield
development projects in energy and power). Within our corporate private equity business, our core private equity fund targets control-oriented investments in high quality companies with durable businesses and seeks to offer a lower level of risk and
a longer hold period than traditional private equity. Tactical Opportunities invests globally across asset classes, industries and geographies, seeking to identify and execute on attractive, differentiated investment opportunities, leveraging the
intellectual capital across our various businesses while continuously optimizing its approach in the face of ever-changing market conditions. Strategic Partners is a total fund solutions provider that acquires interests in high quality private funds
from original holders seeking liquidity, co-investments alongside financial sponsors and provides investment advisory services to clients investing in primary and secondary investments in private funds and co-investments. BIP focuses on
infrastructure investments in the energy, transportation, communications and water and waste sectors.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge Fund Solutions.  The largest component of our Hedge Fund Solutions segment is Blackstone Alternative Asset Management (“BAAM”).
BAAM is the world’s largest discretionary allocator to hedge funds, managing a broad range of commingled and customized fund solutions since its inception in 1990. The Hedge Fund Solutions segment also includes investment platforms that seed
new hedge fund businesses, purchase minority ownership interests in more established hedge funds, invest in special situation opportunities, create alternative solutions in the form of mutual funds and UCITS and trade directly.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Credit.  Our Credit segment consists principally of GSO Capital Partners LP (“GSO”). GSO is one of the largest credit alternative asset
managers in the world and is the largest manager of collateralized loan obligations (“CLOs”) globally. The investment portfolios of the funds GSO manages or sub-advises predominantly consist of loans and securities of non-investment grade
companies spread across the capital structure including senior debt, subordinated debt, preferred stock and common equity.    The GSO business is organized into three overarching strategies: performing credit, distressed and long only. Our performing credit strategies include mezzanine lending funds, middle market direct lending
funds and other performing credit strategy funds. Our distressed strategies include credit alpha strategies, stressed/distressed funds and energy strategies. GSO’s long only strategies consist of CLOs, closed end funds, open ended funds and
separately managed accounts.    In addition, our Credit segment includes our publicly traded master limited partnership
(“MLP”) investment platform, which is managed by Harvest. Harvest, which was founded in 2005 and subsequently acquired by Blackstone in 2017, primarily invests capital raised from institutional investors in separately managed accounts and
pooled vehicles, investing in publicly traded MLPs holding primarily midstream energy assets in the U.S.    Our insurer-focused
platform, BIS, also a part of our Credit segment, delivers to insurers bespoke, capital efficient investments and diversified portfolios of Blackstone products across asset classes tailored to their needs and risk profile.  
 We generate revenue from fees earned pursuant to contractual arrangements with funds, fund investors and fund portfolio companies
(including management, transaction and monitoring fees), and from capital markets services. We invest in the funds we manage and we are entitled to a pro-rata share of the results of the fund (a “pro-rata allocation”). In addition to a
pro-rata allocation, and assuming certain investment returns are achieved, we are entitled to a disproportionate allocation of the income otherwise allocable to the limited partners, commonly referred to as carried interest (“Performance
Allocations”). In certain structures, we receive a contractual, incentive fee from an investment fund in the event that specified cumulative investment returns are achieved (an “Incentive Fee”, and together with Performance
Allocations, “Performance Revenues”). The composition of our revenues will vary based on market conditions and the cyclicality of the different businesses in which we operate. Net investment gains and investment income generated by the
Blackstone Funds, principally private equity and real estate funds, are  
      83  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
driven by value created by our operating and strategic initiatives as well as overall market conditions. Fair values are affected by changes in the fundamentals of the portfolio company, the
portfolio company’s industry, the overall economy and other market conditions.    Business Environment  
 Blackstone’s businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S., Europe,
Asia and, to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world.    For the first three quarters of 2018, equity indices rose in the U.S.,
supported by continued healthy economic growth and additional benefits to corporate earnings from the Tax Reform Bill. After reaching record highs in September, U.S. equity indices declined sharply and volatility spiked, as investor sentiment turned
negative due to signs of slowing global economic growth, continued monetary policy tightening in the U.S., and concerns over the impact of trade disputes, particularly between the U.S. and China. While underlying fundamentals in the U.S. remain
positive, most economists expect slower U.S. and global growth in the near term. The S&P 500 ended the year down 4%, while the Dow and Nasdaq declined 6% and 4%, respectively. During the first six weeks of 2019, U.S. equity markets rebounded and
volatility declined.    Globally, other equity indices also declined. The MSCI World index ended the year down 10% while the
MSCI Europe index declined 17% and the MSCI Asia index declined 16%. The MSCI Emerging Markets Index was down 17% for the year.  
 In Europe, economic growth continues to slow amid lower manufacturing exports and ongoing political unrest. As concerns over Brexit
persisted, the FTSE 100 declined, ending the year down 13%, with the British pound down 6% versus the U.S. dollar.    In Asia,
slower growth, along with trade conflicts and rising U.S. interest rates, contributed to market declines. The Hang Seng index fell 14% and the Nikkei declined 12% for the year. In Japan, GDP contracted in the first quarter of 2018, the first decline
since 2015, as private consumption waned. In China, equities posted their worst decline since 2011 amid decelerating economic growth.    The CBOE volatility index more than doubled in 2018, reaching 36.07 in December, before ending the year at 25.42, up 130%. Oil prices declined significantly in the fourth quarter of 2018, with West Texas
Intermediate Crude falling 38% to $45 per barrel, down 25% for the year. The S&P 500 Energy Index ended the year down 21% and the Bloomberg Commodity Index declined 13% while the Henry Hub Natural Gas spot price was flat for the year. Despite
facing pressure in 2018, oil prices and energy indices both rebounded sharply in the first six weeks of 2019.    In fixed
income, the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate was flat, U.S. investment grade corporates were down 2.5% and high yield corporates declined 2.1% during the year. The U.S. Federal Reserve continued monetary tightening and raised interest rates four
times in 2018, with the current target range set to 2.25-2.5%, but indicated they would be patient with regard to any future adjustments. 10-year U.S. Treasury yields rose to 3.24% in November, the highest level in more than four years, prompting
investor concerns over the potential negative impact to values of fixed income and longer duration assets. High yield spreads widened 181 basis points during the year and issuance decreased 39% year over year. Global equity capital markets activity
for both initial public offerings and follow-on offerings declined, with year to date 2018 activity down 18% year over year.  
 U.S. merger and acquisition (“M&A”) volume rose 16% during the year, following a strong backlog after the passage of the
Tax Reform Bill. Global M&A volume reached $3.4 trillion, its highest level since 2015, and the outlook for deal activity remains positive.    Most economists expect moderate, albeit slowing, economic growth characterized by less synchronized global expansion in the near term, with virtually no signals of a recession in the U.S. in 2019. While
global trade tensions and geopolitical instability pose additional risks, the broader outlook remains constructive.  
      84  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Notable Transactions    On April 9, 2018, Blackstone concluded its investment sub-advisory relationship with FS Investments’ funds (the “FS Funds”), as previously announced. At March 31, 2018, the FS
Funds represented $20.0 billion of Total Assets Under Management. As part of the transaction, Blackstone received proceeds from FS Investments of $580.9 million which is recorded as Other Revenues within the Consolidated Statement of Operations
for the year ended December 31, 2018. This amount is characterized as a Transaction-Related Charge and therefore is not included in Fee Related Earnings, or Distributable Earnings for the year ended December 31, 2018. Blackstone
distributed a portion of the after-tax proceeds to unitholders resulting in an incremental $0.30 per common unit and per Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit over the second, third and fourth quarters of 2018, of which $0.10 per common unit and
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit was distributed on each of August 6, 2018, November 5, 2018 and February 19, 2019.    On September 21, 2018, Blackstone Holdings Finance Co L.L.C., an indirect subsidiary of the Partnership, entered into an amended and restated $1.6 billion revolving credit facility. The amendment and
restatement to the Issuer’s credit facility, among other things, increased the amount of available borrowings and extended the maturity date from August 31, 2021 to September 21, 2023.  
 On November 30, 2018, Blackstone closed the acquisition of Clarus Ventures, LLC and certain of its affiliates (“Clarus”),
a leading global life sciences investment firm that has raised $2.6 billion since its founding. Clarus is focused on funding growth-stage investments, often in partnership with major biopharmaceutical companies through research and development
collaborations (the “Clarus Acquisition”). The Clarus Acquisition launched BXLS, a private investment platform with capabilities to invest across the life-cycle of companies and products within the life sciences sector. BXLS is included in
our Private Equity segment.    Organizational Structure    The simplified diagram below depicts our current organizational structure. The diagram does not depict all of our subsidiaries, including intermediate holding companies through which certain of the
subsidiaries depicted are held.            


 
  
      85  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Key Financial Measures and Indicators  
 We manage our business using traditional financial measures and key operating metrics since we believe these metrics measure the
productivity of our investment activities. We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP. See Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in
“— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” and “— Critical Accounting Policies.” Our key non-GAAP financial measures and operating indicators and metrics are discussed below.  
 Distributable Earnings    Distributable Earnings, is derived from Blackstone’s segment reported results, and is used to assess performance and amounts available for distributions to Blackstone unitholders, including
Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. Distributable Earnings is the sum of Segment Distributable Earnings plus Net Interest Income (Loss) less Taxes and Related Payables. Distributable
Earnings excludes unrealized activity and is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes. See “— Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for our
reconciliation of Distributable Earnings.    Net Interest Income (Loss) is presented on a segment basis and is equal to Interest
and Dividend Revenue less Interest Expense, adjusted for the impact of consolidation of Blackstone Funds, and interest expense associated with the Tax Receivable Agreement.    Taxes and Related Payables represent the total GAAP tax provision adjusted to include only the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes excluding the tax
impact of any divestitures and including the Payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement.    Segment Distributable Earnings
   Effective as of and for the three months ended December 31, 2018, Blackstone senior management determined that
Segment Distributable Earnings, and not Economic Income, is the measure that it uses to assess the performance of its business segments. Segment Distributable Earnings is used by management to make operating decisions, allocate resources and
determine the compensation of employees across all of its business segments. All prior periods have been recast to reflect these updates.    Segment Distributable Earnings is Blackstone’s segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and assess performance across Blackstone’s four segments. Segment Distributable
Earnings represents the net realized earnings of Blackstone’s segments and is the sum of Fee Related Earnings and Net Realizations for each segment. Blackstone’s segments are presented on a basis that deconsolidates Blackstone Funds,
eliminates non-controlling ownership interests in Blackstone’s consolidated Operating Partnerships, removes the amortization of intangible assets and removes Transaction-Related Charges. Transaction-Related Charges arise from corporate actions
including acquisitions, divestitures and Blackstone’s initial public offering. They consist primarily of equity-based compensation charges, gains and losses on contingent consideration arrangements, changes in the balance of the tax receivable
agreement resulting from a change in tax law or similar event, transaction costs and any gains or losses associated with these corporate actions. Segment Distributable Earnings excludes unrealized activity and is derived from and reconciled to, but
not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes. See “— Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for our reconciliation of Segment Distributable Earnings.  
 Net Realizations is presented on a segment basis and is the sum of Realized Principal Investment Income and Realized Performance Revenues
(which refers to Realized Performance Revenues excluding Fee Related Performance Revenues), less Realized Performance Compensation (which refers to Realized Performance Compensation excluding Fee Related Performance Compensation and Equity-Based
Performance Compensation).  
      86  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Fee Related Earnings  
 Fee Related Earnings is a performance measure used to assess Blackstone’s ability to generate profits from revenues that are measured
and received on a recurring basis and not subject to future realization events. Fee Related Earnings equals management and advisory fees (net of management fee reductions and offsets) plus Fee Related Performance Revenues less (a) Fee Related
Compensation on a segment basis, and (b) Other Operating Expenses. Fee Related Earnings is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes. See
“— Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for our reconciliation of Fee Related Earnings.    Fee Related Compensation is
presented on a segment basis and refers to the compensation expense, excluding Equity-Based Compensation, directly related to Management and Advisory Fees, Net and Fee Related Performance Revenues.  
 Fee Related Performance Revenues refers to the realized portion of Performance Revenues from Perpetual Capital that are (a) measured
and received on a recurring basis, and (b) not dependent on realization events from the underlying investments.    Fee
Related Performance Compensation is included in Fee Related Compensation on a segment basis and refers to compensation expense directly related to Fee Related Performance Revenues.    Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation and Amortization    Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation and Amortization (“Adjusted EBITDA”), is a supplemental measure used to assess performance derived from Blackstone’s segment
results and may be used to assess its ability to service its borrowings. Adjusted EBITDA represents Distributable Earnings plus the addition of (a) Interest Expense on a segment basis, (b) Taxes and Related Payables, and
(c) Depreciation and Amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes. See “— Non-GAAP Financial
Measures” for our reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA.    Operating Metrics  
 The alternative asset management business is a complex business that is primarily based on managing third party capital and does not
require substantial capital investment to support rapid growth. However, there also can be volatility associated with its earnings and cash flows. Since our inception, we have developed and used various key operating metrics to assess and monitor
the operating performance of our various alternative asset management businesses in order to monitor the effectiveness of our value creating strategies.    Assets Under Management.  Assets Under Management refers to the assets we manage. Our Assets Under Management equals the sum of:  
   
 
 
   
 (a) 
   the fair value of the investments held by our carry funds and our side-by-side and co-investment entities managed by us, plus (1) the
capital that we are entitled to call from investors in those funds and entities pursuant to the terms of their respective capital commitments, including capital commitments to funds that have yet to commence their investment periods, or (2) for
certain credit-focused funds the amounts available to be borrowed under asset based credit facilities,      
 
 
   
 (b) 
   the net asset value of (1) our hedge funds and real estate debt carry funds, BPP, certain co-investments managed by us, and our Hedge
Fund Solutions carry and drawdown funds (plus, in each case, the capital that we are entitled to call from investors in those funds, including commitments yet to commence their investment periods), and (2) our funds of hedge funds, our Hedge
Fund Solutions registered investment companies, and BREIT,  
      87  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 (c) 
   the invested capital, fair value or net asset value of assets we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,  
   
 
 
   
 (d) 
   the amount of debt and equity outstanding for our CLOs during the reinvestment period,  
   
 
 
   
 (e) 
   the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, for our CLOs after the reinvestment period,
     
 
 
   
 (f) 
   the gross or net amount of assets (including leverage where applicable) for our credit-focused registered investment companies, and
     
 
 
   
 (g) 
   the fair value of common stock, preferred stock, convertible debt, or similar instruments issued by BXMT.  
 Our carry funds are commitment-based drawdown structured funds that do not permit investors to redeem their interests at their election.
Our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, funds structured like hedge funds and other open ended funds in our Hedge Fund Solutions, Credit and Real Estate segments generally have structures that afford an investor the right to withdraw or redeem their
interests on a periodic basis (for example, annually or quarterly), typically with 30 to 95 days’ notice, depending on the fund and the liquidity profile of the underlying assets. Investment advisory agreements related to certain separately
managed accounts in our Hedge Fund Solutions and Credit segments, excluding our BIS separately managed accounts, may generally be terminated by an investor on 30 to 90 days’ notice.  
 Fee-Earning Assets Under Management . Fee-Earning Assets Under Management refers to the assets we manage on which we derive
management fees and/or performance revenues. Our Fee-Earning Assets Under Management equals the sum of:      
 
 
   
 (a) 
   for our Private Equity segment funds and Real Estate segment carry funds, including certain BREDS and Hedge Fund Solutions funds, the amount
of capital commitments, remaining invested capital, fair value, net asset value or par value of assets held, depending on the fee terms of the fund,      
 
 
   
 (b) 
   for our credit-focused carry funds, the amount of remaining invested capital (which may include leverage) or net asset value, depending on the
fee terms of the fund,      
 
 
   
 (c) 
   the remaining invested capital or fair value of assets held in co-investment vehicles managed by us on which we receive fees,
     
 
 
   
 (d) 
   the net asset value of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, BPP, certain co-investments managed by us, certain registered investment
companies, BREIT, and certain of our Hedge Fund Solutions drawdown funds,      
 
 
   
 (e) 
   the invested capital, fair value of assets or the net asset value we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,
     
 
 
   
 (f) 
   the net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated core earnings of BXMT, subject to certain adjustments,
     
 
 
   
 (g) 
   the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, of our CLOs, and  
   
 
 
   
 (h) 
   the gross amount of assets (including leverage) or the net assets (plus leverage where applicable) for certain of our credit-focused
registered investment companies.    Each of our segments may include certain Fee-Earning Assets Under
Management on which we earn performance revenues but not management fees.    Our calculations of assets under management and
fee-earning assets under management may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. In addition, our calculation of assets under
management includes commitments to, and the fair value of, invested capital in our funds from Blackstone and our personnel, regardless of whether such  
      88  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
commitments or invested capital are subject to fees. Our definitions of assets under management and fee-earning assets under management are not based on any definition of assets under management
and fee-earning assets under management that is set forth in the agreements governing the investment funds that we manage.  
 For our carry funds, total assets under management includes the fair value of the investments held, whereas fee-earning assets under
management includes the amount of capital commitments, the remaining amount of invested capital at cost depending on whether the investment period has or has not expired or the fee terms of the fund. As such, fee-earning assets under management may
be greater than total assets under management when the aggregate fair value of the remaining investments is less than the cost of those investments.    Perpetual Capital . Perpetual Capital refers to the component of assets under management with an indefinite term, that is not in liquidation, and for which there is no requirement to return capital
to investors through redemption requests in the ordinary course of business, except where funded by new capital inflows. Perpetual Capital includes co-investment capital with an investor right to convert into Perpetual Capital.  
 Limited Partner Capital Invested.  Limited Partner Capital Invested represents the aggregate amount of third party capital invested
by our funds and vehicles, including investments closed but not yet funded by investors during each period presented, including (a) capital invested by our carry and drawdown funds and vehicles, (b) certain perpetual capital invested
including undistributed proceeds that are reinvested, and (c) capital invested through fee-paying co-investments made by third parties in investments of our carry and perpetual funds and vehicles.  
 Dry Powder . Dry Powder represents the amount of capital available for investment or reinvestment, including general partner and
employee capital, and is an indicator of the capital we have available for future investments.    Performance Revenue
Eligible Assets Under Management . Performance Revenue Eligible Assets Under Management represents invested and to be invested capital at fair value, including capital closed for funds whose investment period has not yet commenced, on which
performance fees could be earned if certain hurdles are met.    Income Tax Current Developments  
 Certain past legislative proposals would treat certain publicly traded partnerships as corporations for federal income tax purposes. If
similar legislation were enacted and applied to us, we would not qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If we were taxed as a corporation, our effective tax rate could increase significantly.  
 States and other jurisdictions have also considered legislation to increase taxes with respect to carried interest. For example, New
Jersey recently enacted legislation which eliminates an exclusion from New Jersey source income (for non-residents) for carried interest and income from providing investment management services, which is not expected to materially affect our common
unitholders, and authorizes a contingent 17% surtax on such management income for gross income tax and corporate income tax purposes. These carried interest provisions remain non-operative as they are dependent upon Connecticut, New York and
Massachusetts enacting legislation with identical provisions. In addition, New York State recently introduced legislation which would tax income from certain investment management services provided by a partner (whether or not a New York resident),
which could cause a non-resident of New York State who holds our common units to be subject to New York State income tax on carried interest earned by entities in which we hold an indirect interest, thereby requiring the non-resident to file a New
York State income tax return reporting such carried interest income. As part of that legislation, New York also proposed a state tax surcharge of 19% on carried interest in addition to the personal income tax. Similar to the New Jersey legislation,
the New York legislation would not take effect until similar legislation is enacted by Connecticut, New Jersey and Massachusetts. Similar proposals are under consideration in other jurisdictions such as California. Whether or when similar
legislation will be enacted is unclear.  
      89  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Finally, several state and local jurisdictions are evaluating ways to subject
partnerships to entity level taxation through the imposition of state or local income, franchise or other forms of taxation or to increase the amount of such taxation. For example, although we believe it would not affect us materially, Connecticut
recently enacted an income tax on pass through entities doing business in Connecticut, and states in which we do business may consider similar tax changes. These and other proposals have recently been under heightened consideration in light of U.S.
federal income tax legislation, known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which was signed into law on December 22, 2017 (the “Tax Reform Bill”).    Meaningfully quantifying the potential impact on Blackstone of this potential future legislation or any similar legislation is not possible at this time. Multiple versions of legislation in this area have
been proposed over the last few years that have included significantly different provisions regarding effective dates and the treatment of invested capital, tiered entities and cross-border operations, among other matters. Depending upon what
version of the legislation, if any, were enacted, the potential impact on a public company such as Blackstone in a given year could differ significantly and could be material. In addition, even if these legislative proposals would not themselves
impose a tax on a publicly traded partnership such as Blackstone, they could force Blackstone and other publicly traded partnerships to restructure their operations so as to prevent disqualifying income from reaching the publicly traded partnership
in amounts that would disqualify the partnership from treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such a restructuring could result in more income being earned in corporate subsidiaries, thereby increasing corporate income tax
liability indirectly borne by the publicly traded partnership. In addition, we, and our common unitholders, could be taxed on any such restructuring. The nature of any such restructuring would depend on the precise provisions of the legislation that
was ultimately enacted, as well as the particular facts and circumstances of Blackstone’s operations at the time any such legislation were to take effect, making the task of predicting the amount of additional tax highly speculative.
   The Tax Reform Bill has resulted in fundamental changes to the Internal Revenue Code. Changes to U.S. tax laws resulting from
the Tax Reform Bill, including reduction to the federal corporate income tax rate, partial limitation on the deductibility of business interest expense, and a longer three-year holding period requirement for carried interest to be treated as
long-term capital gain could have an adverse effect on our business operations and our funds’ investment activities. These and other changes from the Tax Reform Bill — including limitations on the use, carryback and carryforward of net
operating losses and changes relating to the scope and timing of U.S. taxation on earnings from international business operations — could also have an adverse effect on our portfolio companies. The exact impact of the Tax Reform Bill for future
years is difficult to quantify, but these changes could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, other changes could be enacted in the future to increase the corporate tax rate, limit
further the deductibility of interest, subject carried interest to more onerous taxation or effect other changes that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  
 Congress, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) and other government agencies in jurisdictions in
which we and our affiliates invest or do business have maintained a focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational companies. The OECD, which represents a coalition of member countries, is contemplating changes to numerous long-standing
tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting (“BEPS”) project, which is focused on a number of issues, including the shifting of profits between affiliated entities in different tax jurisdictions, interest deductibility and
eligibility for the benefits of double tax treaties. Several of the proposed measures are potentially relevant to some of our structures and could have an adverse tax impact on our funds, investors and/or our portfolio companies. Some member
countries have been moving forward on the BEPS agenda but, because timing of implementation and the specific measures adopted will vary among participating states, significant uncertainty remains regarding the impact of BEPS proposals. If
implemented, these proposals could result in a loss of tax treaty benefits and increased taxes on income from our investments.  
 A number of European jurisdictions have enacted taxes on financial transactions, and the European Commission has proposed legislation to
harmonize these taxes under the so-called “enhanced cooperation procedure,” which provides for adoption of EU-level legislation applicable to some but not all EU Member States.  
      90  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
These contemplated changes, if adopted by individual countries, could increase tax uncertainty and/or costs faced by us, our portfolio companies and our investors, and cause other adverse
consequences. The timing or impact of these proposals is unclear at this point. In addition, tax laws, regulations and interpretations are subject to continual changes, which could adversely affect our structures or returns to our investors. For
instance, various countries have adopted or proposed tax legislation that may adversely affect portfolio companies and investment structures in countries in which our funds have invested and may limit the benefits of additional investments in those
countries.    In addition, legislation enacted in 2015 significantly changed the rules for U.S. federal income tax audits of
partnerships. Such audits will be conducted at the partnership level, and unless a partnership qualifies for and affirmatively elects an alternative procedure, any adjustments to the amount of tax due (including interest and penalties) will be
payable by the partnership. Under an elective alternative procedure, a partnership would issue information returns to persons who were partners in the audited year, who would then be required to take the adjustments into account in calculating their
own tax liability, and the partnership would not be liable for the adjustments. If a partnership elects the alternative procedure for a given adjustment, the amount of taxes for which its partners would be liable would be increased by any applicable
penalties and a special interest charge. There can be no assurance that we will be eligible to make such an election or that we will, in fact, make such an election for any given adjustment. If we do not or are not able to make such an election,
then (a) our then-current common unitholders, in the aggregate, could indirectly bear income tax liabilities in excess of the aggregate amount of taxes that would have been due had we elected the alternative procedure, and (b) a given
common unitholder may indirectly bear taxes attributable to income allocable to other common unitholders or former common unitholders, including taxes (as well as interest and penalties) with respect to periods prior to such holder’s ownership
of common units. Amounts available for distribution to our common unitholders may be reduced as a result of our obligation to pay any taxes associated with an adjustment. Many issues with respect to, and the overall effect of, this legislation on us
are uncertain, and common unitholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding all aspects of this legislation as it affects their particular circumstances.    Consolidated Results of Operations    Following is a discussion of our
consolidated results of operations for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2018. For a more detailed discussion of the factors that affected the results of our four business segments (which are presented on a basis
that deconsolidates the investment funds we manage) in these periods, see “— Segment Analysis” below.  
      91  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of
operations and certain key operating metrics for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2018 vs. 2017 
   
   
 2017 vs. 2016 
   
 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Revenues 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
   
 $ 
 3,027,796 
   
   
 $ 
 2,751,322 
   
   
 $ 
 2,464,290 
   
   
 $ 
 276,474 
   
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
 $ 
 287,032 
   
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 57,540 
   
   
   
 242,514 
   
   
   
 149,928 
   
   
   
 (184,974 
 )  
   
   
 -76 
 %  
   
   
 92,586 
   
   
   
 62 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Performance Allocations 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
   
 1,876,507 
   
   
   
 3,571,811 
   
   
   
 1,495,439 
   
   
   
 (1,695,304 
 )  
   
   
 -47 
 %  
   
   
 2,076,372 
   
   
   
 139 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
   
 561,373 
   
   
   
 (105,473 
 )  
   
   
 530,114 
   
   
   
 666,846 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 (635,587 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
   
 
   Principal Investments 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
   
 415,862 
   
   
   
 635,769 
   
   
   
 278,737 
   
   
   
 (219,907 
 )  
   
   
 -35 
 %  
   
   
 357,032 
   
   
   
 128 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
   
 49,917 
   
   
   
 42,605 
   
   
   
 77,314 
   
   
   
 7,312 
   
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 (34,709 
 )  
   
   
 -45 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income 
   
   
 2,903,659 
   
   
   
 4,144,712 
   
   
   
 2,381,604 
   
   
   
 (1,241,053 
 )  
   
   
 -30 
 %  
   
   
 1,763,108 
   
   
   
 74 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
   
   
 171,947 
   
   
   
 139,696 
   
   
   
 95,724 
   
   
   
 32,251 
   
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 43,972 
   
   
   
 46 
 %  
 
   Other 
   
   
 672,317 
   
   
   
 (133,229 
 )  
   
   
 54,753 
   
   
   
 805,546 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 (187,982 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
   
   
 6,833,259 
   
   
   
 7,145,015 
   
   
   
 5,146,299 
   
   
   
 (311,756 
 )  
   
   
 -4 
 %  
   
   
 1,998,716 
   
   
   
 39 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
   
   
 1,609,957 
   
   
   
 1,442,485 
   
   
   
 1,335,408 
   
   
   
 167,472 
   
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 107,077 
   
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fee Compensation 
   
   
 33,916 
   
   
   
 105,279 
   
   
   
 68,921 
   
   
   
 (71,363 
 )  
   
   
 -68 
 %  
   
   
 36,358 
   
   
   
 53 
 %  
 
   Performance Allocations Compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
   
 711,076 
   
   
   
 1,281,965 
   
   
   
 465,129 
   
   
   
 (570,889 
 )  
   
   
 -45 
 %  
   
   
 816,836 
   
   
   
 176 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
   
 319,742 
   
   
   
 103,794 
   
   
   
 333,528 
   
   
   
 215,948 
   
   
   
 208 
 %  
   
   
 (229,734 
 )  
   
   
 -69 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
   
   
 2,674,691 
   
   
   
 2,933,523 
   
   
   
 2,202,986 
   
   
   
 (258,832 
 )  
   
   
 -9 
 %  
   
   
 730,537 
   
   
   
 33 
 %  
 
   General, Administrative and Other 
   
   
 594,873 
   
   
   
 488,582 
   
   
   
 541,624 
   
   
   
 106,291 
   
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 (53,042 
 )  
   
   
 -10 
 %  
 
   Interest Expense 
   
   
 163,990 
   
   
   
 197,486 
   
   
   
 152,654 
   
   
   
 (33,496 
 )  
   
   
 -17 
 %  
   
   
 44,832 
   
   
   
 29 
 %  
 
   Fund Expenses 
   
   
 78,486 
   
   
   
 132,787 
   
   
   
 52,181 
   
   
   
 (54,301 
 )  
   
   
 -41 
 %  
   
   
 80,606 
   
   
   
 154 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
   
   
 3,512,040 
   
   
   
 3,752,378 
   
   
   
 2,949,445 
   
   
   
 (240,338 
 )  
   
   
 -6 
 %  
   
   
 802,933 
   
   
   
 27 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other Income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Reduction of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 403,855 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (403,855 
 )  
   
   
 -100 
 %  
   
   
 403,855 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
 
   Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities 
   
   
 191,722 
   
   
   
 321,597 
   
   
   
 184,750 
   
   
   
 (129,875 
 )  
   
   
 -40 
 %  
   
   
 136,847 
   
   
   
 74 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Other Income 
   
   
 191,722 
   
   
   
 725,452 
   
   
   
 184,750 
   
   
   
 (533,730 
 )  
   
   
 -74 
 %  
   
   
 540,702 
   
   
   
 293 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
   
   
 3,512,941 
   
   
   
 4,118,089 
   
   
   
 2,381,604 
   
   
   
 (605,148 
 )  
   
   
 -15 
 %  
   
   
 1,736,485 
   
   
   
 73 
 %  
 
   Provision for Taxes 
   
   
 249,390 
   
   
   
 743,147 
   
   
   
 132,362 
   
   
   
 (493,757 
 )  
   
   
 -66 
 %  
   
   
 610,785 
   
   
   
 461 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income 
   
   
 3,263,551 
   
   
   
 3,374,942 
   
   
   
 2,249,242 
   
   
   
 (111,391 
 )  
   
   
 -3 
 %  
   
   
 1,125,700 
   
   
   
 50 
 %  
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 (2,104 
 )  
   
   
 13,806 
   
   
   
 3,977 
   
   
   
 (15,910 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 9,829 
   
   
   
 247 
 %  
 
   Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 358,878 
   
   
   
 497,439 
   
   
   
 246,152 
   
   
   
 (138,561 
 )  
   
   
 -28 
 %  
   
   
 251,287 
   
   
   
 102 
 %  
 
   Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 1,364,989 
   
   
   
 1,392,323 
   
   
   
 960,099 
   
   
   
 (27,334 
 )  
   
   
 -2 
 %  
   
   
 432,224 
   
   
   
 45 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
 $ 
 1,541,788 
   
   
 $ 
 1,471,374 
   
   
 $ 
 1,039,014 
   
   
 $ 
 70,414 
   
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 432,360 
   
   
   
 42 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 N/M 
   Not meaningful.    Year Ended December 31, 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017    Revenues    Revenues were $6.8 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2018, a decrease of $311.8 million compared to $7.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease in Revenues was primarily attributable to decreases of $1.2 billion in Investment Income and
$185.0 million in Incentive Fees, partially offset by increases of $805.5 million in Other Revenues and $276.5 million in Management and Advisory Fees, Net.  
      92  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The decrease in Investment Income was primarily attributable to decreases in our Real
Estate, Credit and Hedge Fund Solution segments of $1.2 billion, $272.5 million and $74.0 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase in our Private Equity segment of $363.4 million. The decrease in our Real Estate
segment was attributable to lower net appreciation of investment holdings in our BREP funds compared to the comparable 2017 period. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the carrying value of investments for our BREP funds increased 9.8%
compared to 19.4% for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease in our Credit segment was primarily attributable to the negative impact on 2018 returns as a result of decreases in certain public positions, and volatility in the energy
and credit markets. The decrease in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment was primarily due to lower returns in investments of which Blackstone owns a share compared to the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase in our Private Equity
segment was driven by corporate private equity. Corporate private equity carrying value increased 19.1% for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to 17.6% for the year ended December 31, 2017.  
 The decrease in Incentive Fees was primarily attributable to decreases in our Credit and Hedge Fund Solutions segments of
$104.5 million and $84.4 million, respectively. The decrease in our Credit segment was primarily attributable to the conclusion of our sub-advisory relationship with FS Investments. The decrease in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment was
driven by lower returns across a number of strategies, including customized solutions, commingled products and individual investor solutions and specialized solutions, compared to the year ended December 31, 2017.  
 The increase in Other Revenue was primarily due to the fixed payment we received in connection with the conclusion of our  sub-advisory  relationship with FS Investments’ funds and a foreign exchange gain on our euro denominated bonds.    The increase in Management and Advisory Fees, Net was primarily due to increases in our Real Estate and Private Equity segments of $187.4 million and $65.4 million, respectively. The increase in
our Real Estate segment was primarily attributable to increases in Base Management Fees of $113.2 million driven by Assets Under Management growth in core+ and Transaction and Other Fees, Net of $69.7 million, which were due to
$27.1 million of BREP breakup fees related to two transactions and increased investment activity in our BREP global funds. The increase in our Private Equity segment was primarily attributable to the launch of BCP Asia and the third vintage of
Tactical Opportunities.    Expenses    Expenses were $3.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $240.3 million compared to $3.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease was
primarily attributable to decreases of $258.8 million in Total Compensation and Benefits and $54.3 million in Fund Expenses, partially offset by an increase of $106.3 million in General, Administrative and Other Expenses. The decrease
in Total Compensation and Benefits was primarily due to decreases of $354.9 million in Performance Allocations Compensation and $71.4 million in Incentive Fee Compensation, partially offset by an increase of $167.5 million in
Compensation. The decrease in Performance Allocations Compensation was primarily due to the decrease in Investment Income. The decrease in Incentive Fee Compensation was primarily due to the decrease in Incentive Fees in our Credit and Hedge Fund
Solutions segments, on which a portion of Incentive Fee Compensation is based. The increase in Compensation was due to the increase in Management and Advisory Fees, Net, on which a portion of compensation is based, as well as investment in our
infrastructure initiative and a lower deferral on Compensation. The decrease in Fund Expenses was due to a decrease of $55.7 million in our Credit segment primarily from the deconsolidation of certain CLO and other vehicles in 2018. The
increase in General, Administrative and Other Expenses was primarily due to the growth in BIS as well as a full year of Harvest-related expenses following our acquisition of Harvest in the fourth quarter of 2017.  
 Year Ended December 31, 2017 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016  
 Revenues  
 Total Revenues were $7.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $2.0 billion compared to
$5.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase in Total Revenues was attributable to increases  
      93  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
of $1.8 billion in Investment Income and $287.0 million in Management and Advisory Fees, Net, partially offset by a decrease in Other Revenue of $188.0 million.  
 The increase in Investment Income was primarily attributable to increases in our Real Estate and Private Equity segments of
$966.1 million and $507.7 million, respectively. The increase in our Real Estate segment was primarily attributable to a net increase in the appreciation of investment holdings in our opportunistic funds. For the year ended
December 31, 2017, the carrying value of investments for our opportunistic funds increased 19.4% versus 11.1% for the year ended December 31, 2016. Our core+ real estate funds, real estate debt drawdown funds and real estate
hedge funds appreciated 12.0%, 14.7% and 8.9%, respectively for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase in our Private Equity segment was driven by corporate private equity and Tactical Opportunities. Corporate private equity carrying
value increased 17.6% in 2017 versus 10.7% for the year ended December 31, 2016. Tactical Opportunities carrying value increased 14.5% in 2017 versus 10.9% for the year ended December 31, 2016.  
 The increase in Management and Advisory Fees, Net was primarily due to increases in our Private Equity, Real Estate and Credit segments
of $204.4 million, $55.9 million and $51.4 million, respectively. The increase in our Private Equity segment was primarily due to assets earning higher base management fees, principally due to the conclusion of a six-month fee holiday
for BCP VII in the fourth quarter of 2016. The increase in our Real Estate segment was primarily due to growth in our core+ real estate funds and the launch of BREP Europe V in the fourth quarter of 2016 and the corresponding expiration of its fee
holiday in the second quarter of 2017. The increase in our Credit segment was primarily due to our performing credit and energy portfolios, as well as Harvest.    The decrease in Other Revenue was primarily the result of foreign exchange loss on the revaluation of our euro denominated bonds.    Expenses    Expenses were $3.8 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2017, an increase of $802.9 million compared to $2.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in Performance Allocations Compensation, Compensation and Fund
Expenses. The increase of $587.1 million in Performance Allocations Compensation was due to related increases in Investment Income in our Real Estate and Private Equity. The increase of $107.1 million in Compensation was primarily due to
the increase in Management and Advisory Fees, Net in our Private Equity, Real Estate and Credit segments, on which a portion of compensation is based. The increase of $80.6 million in Fund Expenses was due to an increase of $73.9 million
in our Credit segment. The increase in our Credit segment was primarily the result of newly launched CLOs.    Other Income
   Year Ended December 31, 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017  
 Other Income was $191.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $533.7 million compared to
$725.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease in Other Income was due to the absence of the $403.9 million in Reduction of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability that was recognized during the year ended
December 31, 2017 and a decrease of $129.9 million in Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities.    The absence
of the Other Income — Reduction of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability was primarily due to the reduction in the federal tax rate from 35% to 21% pursuant to the Tax Reform Bill during the year ended December 31, 2017.  
 The decrease in Other Income — Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities was driven by decreases of $62.5 million in our Credit
segment, $58.2 million in our Real Estate segment and $21.4 million in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment, partially offset by an increase of $12.3 million in our Private Equity segment. The decrease in our Credit segment was primarily
driven by the deconsolidation of certain CLO and other vehicles in 2018, partially  
      94  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
offset by newly launched CLOs. The decrease in our Real Estate segment was primarily due to a year over year net decrease in the appreciation of investments in our BREP funds. The decrease in our
Hedge Fund Solutions segment was primarily due to lower returns across the segment year over year. The increase in our Private Equity segment was primarily due to a year over year net increase in the appreciation of investments in our private equity
funds.    Year Ended December 31, 2017 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016  
 Other Income was $725.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $540.7 million compared to
$184.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase in Other Income was primarily due to increases of $403.9 million in Reduction of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability and $136.8 million in Net Gains from Fund
Investment Activities.    Other Income — Reduction of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability was $403.9 million for the
year ended December 31, 2017. The Reduction of the Tax Receivable Agreement Liability was primarily attributable to the reduction in the corporate federal tax rate from 35% to 21% pursuant to the Tax Reform Bill.  
 Other Income — Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities was $321.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an
increase of $136.8 million compared to $184.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was principally driven by increases in our Credit and Real Estate segments of $75.2 million and $47.4 million,
respectively. The increase in our Credit segment was primarily due to newly launched CLOs. The increase in our Real Estate segment was primarily the result of a year over year net increase in the appreciation of investments across the Real Estate
funds.    Provision for Taxes    The following table summarizes Blackstone’s tax position:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 3,512,941 
   
   
 $ 
 4,118,089 
   
   
 $ 
 2,381,604 
   
 
   Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 249,390 
   
   
 $ 
 743,147 
   
   
 $ 
 132,362 
   
 
   Effective Income Tax Rate 
    
   
 7.1 
 %  
   
   
 18.0 
 %  
   
   
 5.6 
 %  
   The following table reconciles the effective income tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory tax rate:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2018 
vs. 2017 
   
   
 2017 
vs. 2016 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Statutory U.S. Federal Income Tax Rate 
    
   
 21.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 -14.0 
 %  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Income Passed Through to Common Unitholders and  Non-Controlling  Interest Holders
(a) 
    
   
 -15.5 
 %  
   
   
 -25.9 
 %  
   
   
 -28.6 
 %  
   
   
 10.4 
 %  
   
   
 2.7 
 %  
 
   State and Local Income Taxes 
    
   
 1.8 
 %  
   
   
 1.5 
 %  
   
   
 1.3 
 %  
   
   
 0.3 
 %  
   
   
 0.2 
 %  
 
   Equity-Based Compensation 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 -0.1 
 %  
   
   
 -0.2 
 %  
   
   
 0.1 
 %  
   
   
 0.1 
 %  
 
   Impact of the Tax Reform Bill 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 8.3 
 %  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 -8.3 
 %  
   
   
 8.3 
 %  
 
   Other 
    
   
 -0.2 
 %  
   
   
 -0.8 
 %  
   
   
 -1.9 
 %  
   
   
 0.6 
 %  
   
   
 1.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effective Income Tax Rate 
    
   
 7.1 
 %  
   
   
 18.0 
 %  
   
   
 5.6 
 %  
   
   
 -10.9 
 %  
   
   
 12.4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes income that is not taxable to the Partnership and its subsidiaries. Such income is directly taxable to the Partnership’s
unitholders and the non-controlling interest holders.    Blackstone’s Provision for Taxes for the years
ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $249.4 million, $743.1 million and $132.4 million, respectively. This resulted in an effective tax rate of 7.1%, 18.0% and 5.6%, respectively, based on our Income Before Provision
for Taxes of $3.5 billion, $4.1 billion and $2.4 billion, respectively.  
      95  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The Tax Reform Bill enacted in late 2017 reduced the federal corporate income tax rate
from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018. The decrease in the effective tax rate from the rate reduction was partially offset by the corresponding reduction in the benefit for the exclusion of income passed through to common unitholders
and non-controlling interests. This, along with the increase in the 2017 effective tax rate for the one-time remeasurement of the Deferred Tax Assets as a result of the Tax Reform Bill, resulted in an overall decrease in the effective tax rate for
the twelve months ended December 31, 2018 compared with the twelve months ended December 31, 2017.    The
difference in Blackstone’s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December 31, 2016 resulted primarily from two items. First, the Income Before Provision for Taxes that was not taxable to
the Partnership or its subsidiaries (and therefore was passed through to common unitholders and non-controlling interest holders) was $3.1 billion in 2017 (of $4.1 billion of 2017 total pretax income), compared to $1.9 billion in 2016
(of $2.4 billion of 2016 total pretax income). Second, the Tax Reform Bill that was signed into law on December 22, 2017 included a reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. The remeasurement of the Deferred Tax
Assets resulted in income tax expense of $500.6 million partially offset by $160.3 million tax benefit resulting from the $403.9 million reduction to the liability under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The net impact to the effective
tax rate was an 8.3% increase. All factors except for the remeasurement of the Deferred Tax Assets and the liability under the Tax Receivable Agreement are expected to impact the effective tax rate for future years.  
 Additional information regarding our income taxes can be found in Note 14. “Income Taxes” in the “Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.  
 Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities    The Net Income Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities and Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities is attributable to the
consolidated Blackstone Funds. The amounts of these items vary directly with the performance of the consolidated Blackstone Funds and largely eliminate the amount of Other Income — Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities from the Net Income
(Loss) Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P.    Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings
is derived from the Income Before Provision for Taxes, excluding the Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities and the percentage allocation of the income between Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of Blackstone Holdings and
The Blackstone Group L.P. after considering any contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income (loss) such as fees allocable to The Blackstone Group L.P.    For the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Net Income Before Taxes allocated to Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of Blackstone Holdings was 44.0%, 44.9% and
46.1%, respectively. The decreases of 0.9% and 1.2% were primarily due to conversions of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to Blackstone common units and the vesting of common units.  
 The Other Income — Reduction of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability was entirely allocated to The Blackstone Group L.P.  
      96  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Operating Metrics  
 The following graphs and tables summarize the Fee-Earning Assets Under Management by Segment and Total Assets Under Management by Segment,
followed by a rollforward of activity for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. For a description of how Assets Under Management and Fee-Earning Assets Under Management are determined, please see “— Key Financial
Measures and Indicators — Operating Metrics — Assets Under Management and Fee-Earning Assets Under Management.”      
     


 
      
 Note:    Totals may not add due to rounding.  
      97  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Fee-Earning Assets Under Management 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, Beginning of Period 
   
 $ 
 83,984,824 
   
   
 $ 
 70,140,883 
   
   
 $ 
 69,914,061 
   
   
 $ 
 111,304,230 
   
   
 $ 
 335,343,998 
   
   
 $ 
 72,030,054 
   
   
 $ 
 69,110,457 
   
   
 $ 
 66,987,553 
   
   
 $ 
 68,964,608 
   
   
 $ 
 277,092,672 
   
 
   Inflows, including Commitments (a) 
   
   
 17,961,223 
   
   
   
 16,096,543 
   
   
   
 12,354,410 
   
   
   
 24,587,957 
   
   
   
 71,000,133 
   
   
   
 23,555,866 
   
   
   
 8,257,430 
   
   
   
 10,302,444 
   
   
   
 55,099,845 
   
   
   
 97,215,585 
   
 
   Outflows, including Distributions (b) 
   
   
 (2,000,367 
 )  
   
   
 (1,888,223 
 )  
   
   
 (10,278,403 
 )  
   
   
 (27,640,908 
 )  
   
   
 (41,807,901 
 )  
   
   
 (2,773,181 
 )  
   
   
 (1,196,502 
 )  
   
   
 (9,777,064 
 )  
   
   
 (4,364,916 
 )  
   
   
 (18,111,663 
 )  
 
   Realizations (c) 
   
   
 (8,781,140 
 )  
   
   
 (4,729,843 
 )  
   
   
 (429,912 
 )  
   
   
 (6,672,539 
 )  
   
   
 (20,613,434 
 )  
   
   
 (11,851,866 
 )  
   
   
 (6,558,390 
 )  
   
   
 (2,182,220 
 )  
   
   
 (10,396,313 
 )  
   
   
 (30,988,789 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Inflows (Outflows) 
   
   
 7,179,716 
   
   
   
 9,478,477 
   
   
   
 1,646,095 
   
   
   
 (9,725,490 
 )  
   
   
 8,578,798 
   
   
   
 8,930,819 
   
   
   
 502,538 
   
   
   
 (1,656,840 
 )  
   
   
 40,338,616 
   
   
   
 48,115,133 
   
 
   Market Appreciation (Depreciation) (d)(f) 
   
   
 2,088,184 
   
   
   
 388,806 
   
   
   
 720,450 
   
   
   
 (4,592,729 
 )  
   
   
 (1,395,289 
 )  
   
   
 3,023,951 
   
   
   
 527,888 
   
   
   
 4,583,348 
   
   
   
 2,001,006 
   
   
   
 10,136,193 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Period 
   
 $ 
 93,252,724 
   
   
 $ 
 80,008,166 
   
   
 $ 
 72,280,606 
   
   
 $ 
 96,986,011 
   
   
 $ 
 342,527,507 
   
   
 $ 
 83,984,824 
   
   
 $ 
 70,140,883 
   
   
 $ 
 69,914,061 
   
   
 $ 
 111,304,230 
   
   
 $ 
 335,343,998 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Increase (Decrease) 
   
 $ 
 9,267,900 
   
   
 $ 
 9,867,283 
   
   
 $ 
 2,366,545 
   
   
 $ 
 (14,318,219 
 )  
   
 $ 
 7,183,509 
   
   
 $ 
 11,954,770 
   
   
 $ 
 1,030,426 
   
   
 $ 
 2,926,508 
   
   
 $ 
 42,339,622 
   
   
 $ 
 58,251,326 
   
 
   Increase (Decrease) 
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 -13 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 61 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
 
   Annualized Base Management Fee Rate (e) 
   
   
 1.09 
 %  
   
   
 1.00 
 %  
   
   
 0.73 
 %  
   
   
 0.56 
 %  
   
   
 0.84 
 %  
   
   
 1.06 
 %  
   
   
 1.07 
 %  
   
   
 0.74 
 %  
   
   
 0.56 
 %  
   
   
 0.83 
 %  
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2016 
   
 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Fee-Earning Assets Under Management 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, Beginning of Period 
   
 $ 
 67,345,357 
   
   
 $ 
 51,451,196 
   
   
 $ 
 65,665,439 
   
   
 $ 
 61,684,380 
   
   
 $ 
 246,146,372 
   
 
   Inflows, including Commitments (a) 
   
   
 14,230,164 
   
   
   
 28,896,280 
   
   
   
 10,132,407 
   
   
   
 15,066,802 
   
   
   
 68,325,653 
   
 
   Outflows, including Distributions (b) 
   
   
 (2,180,183 
 )  
   
   
 (3,135,750 
 )  
   
   
 (9,744,077 
 )  
   
   
 (4,616,966 
 )  
   
   
 (19,676,976 
 )  
 
   Realizations (c) 
   
   
 (8,019,202 
 )  
   
   
 (8,193,322 
 )  
   
   
 (416,583 
 )  
   
   
 (5,976,564 
 )  
   
   
 (22,605,671 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Inflows (Outflows) 
   
   
 4,030,779 
   
   
   
 17,567,208 
   
   
   
 (28,253 
 )  
   
   
 4,473,272 
   
   
   
 26,043,006 
   
 
   Market Appreciation (d)(f) 
   
   
 653,918 
   
   
   
 92,053 
   
   
   
 1,350,367 
   
   
   
 2,806,956 
   
   
   
 4,903,294 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Period 
   
 $ 
 72,030,054 
   
   
 $ 
 69,110,457 
   
   
 $ 
 66,987,553 
   
   
 $ 
 68,964,608 
   
   
 $ 
 277,092,672 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Increase 
   
 $ 
 4,684,697 
   
   
 $ 
 17,659,261 
   
   
 $ 
 1,322,114 
   
   
 $ 
 7,280,228 
   
   
 $ 
 30,946,300 
   
 
   Increase 
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 34 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   Annualized Base Management Fee Rate (e) 
   
   
 1.09 
 %  
   
   
 0.93 
 %  
   
   
 0.78 
 %  
   
   
 0.78 
 %  
   
   
 0.90 
 %  
 
      98  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Total Assets Under Management 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, Beginning of Period 
   
 $ 
 115,340,363 
   
   
 $ 
 105,560,576 
   
   
 $ 
 75,090,834 
   
   
 $ 
 138,136,470 
   
   
 $ 
 434,128,243 
   
   
 $ 
 101,963,652 
   
   
 $ 
 100,189,994 
   
   
 $ 
 71,119,718 
   
   
 $ 
 93,280,101 
   
   
 $ 
 366,553,465 
   
 
   Inflows, including Commitments (a) 
   
   
 31,478,431 
   
   
   
 26,639,963 
   
   
   
 13,278,327 
   
   
   
 29,578,890 
   
   
   
 100,975,611 
   
   
   
 23,844,270 
   
   
   
 12,631,106 
   
   
   
 12,106,471 
   
   
   
 59,373,876 
   
   
   
 107,955,723 
   
 
   Outflows, including Distributions (b) 
   
   
 (2,162,958 
 )  
   
   
 (1,617,585 
 )  
   
   
 (10,780,055 
 )  
   
   
 (28,057,658 
 )  
   
   
 (42,618,256 
 )  
   
   
 (1,399,741 
 )  
   
   
 (1,230,409 
 )  
   
   
 (10,661,542 
 )  
   
   
 (6,165,216 
 )  
   
   
 (19,456,908 
 )  
 
   Realizations (c) 
   
   
 (14,675,095 
 )  
   
   
 (10,396,611 
 )  
   
   
 (471,931 
 )  
   
   
 (8,516,996 
 )  
   
   
 (34,060,633 
 )  
   
   
 (24,527,951 
 )  
   
   
 (15,760,727 
 )  
   
   
 (2,409,985 
 )  
   
   
 (12,487,834 
 )  
   
   
 (55,186,497 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Inflows (Outflows) 
   
   
 14,640,378 
   
   
   
 14,625,767 
   
   
   
 2,026,341 
   
   
   
 (6,995,764 
 )  
   
   
 24,296,722 
   
   
   
 (2,083,422 
 )  
   
   
 (4,360,030 
 )  
   
   
 (965,056 
 )  
   
   
 40,720,826 
   
   
   
 33,312,318 
   
 
   Market Appreciation (Depreciation) (d)(g) 
   
   
 6,266,488 
   
   
   
 10,478,943 
   
   
   
 697,341 
   
   
   
 (3,625,420 
 )  
   
   
 13,817,352 
   
   
   
 15,460,133 
   
   
   
 9,730,612 
   
   
   
 4,936,172 
   
   
   
 4,135,543 
   
   
   
 34,262,460 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Period 
   
 $ 
 136,247,229 
   
   
 $ 
 130,665,286 
   
   
 $ 
 77,814,516 
   
   
 $ 
 127,515,286 
   
   
 $ 
 472,242,317 
   
   
 $ 
 115,340,363 
   
   
 $ 
 105,560,576 
   
   
 $ 
 75,090,834 
   
   
 $ 
 138,136,470 
   
   
 $ 
 434,128,243 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Increase (Decrease) 
   
 $ 
 20,906,866 
   
   
 $ 
 25,104,710 
   
   
 $ 
 2,723,682 
   
   
 $ 
 (10,621,184 
 )  
   
 $ 
 38,114,074 
   
   
 $ 
 13,376,711 
   
   
 $ 
 5,370,582 
   
   
 $ 
 3,971,116 
   
   
 $ 
 44,856,369 
   
   
 $ 
 67,574,778 
   
 
   Increase (Decrease) 
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 -8 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 48 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2016 
   
 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Total Assets Under Management 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, Beginning of Period 
   
 $ 
 93,917,824 
   
   
 $ 
 94,280,074 
   
   
 $ 
 69,105,425 
   
   
 $ 
 79,081,252 
   
   
 $ 
 336,384,575 
   
 
   Inflows, including Commitments (a) 
   
   
 19,047,473 
   
   
   
 16,845,959 
   
   
   
 10,782,839 
   
   
   
 22,984,504 
   
   
   
 69,660,775 
   
 
   Outflows, including Distributions (b) 
   
   
 (500,727 
 )  
   
   
 (1,526,205 
 )  
   
   
 (9,871,709 
 )  
   
   
 (6,408,231 
 )  
   
   
 (18,306,872 
 )  
 
   Realizations (c) 
   
   
 (17,926,238 
 )  
   
   
 (14,221,866 
 )  
   
   
 (436,973 
 )  
   
   
 (6,798,762 
 )  
   
   
 (39,383,839 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Inflows 
   
   
 620,508 
   
   
   
 1,097,888 
   
   
   
 474,157 
   
   
   
 9,777,511 
   
   
   
 11,970,064 
   
 
   Market Appreciation (d)(g) 
   
   
 7,425,320 
   
   
   
 4,812,032 
   
   
   
 1,540,136 
   
   
   
 4,421,338 
   
   
   
 18,198,826 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Period 
   
 $ 
 101,963,652 
   
   
 $ 
 100,189,994 
   
   
 $ 
 71,119,718 
   
   
 $ 
 93,280,101 
   
   
 $ 
 366,553,465 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Increase 
   
 $ 
 8,045,828 
   
   
 $ 
 5,909,920 
   
   
 $ 
 2,014,293 
   
   
 $ 
 14,198,849 
   
   
 $ 
 30,168,890 
   
 
   Increase 
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Inflows represent contributions in our hedge funds and closed ended mutual funds, increases in available capital for our carry funds (capital
raises, recallable capital and increased side-by-side commitments) and CLOs, increases in the capital we manage pursuant to separately managed account programs, allocations from multi-asset products to other strategies and acquisitions.
 
 
 
 (b) 
   Outflows represent redemptions in our hedge funds and closed ended mutual funds, client withdrawals from our separately managed account
programs and decreases in available capital for our carry funds (expired capital, expense drawdowns and decreased side-by-side commitments).  
 
 
 (c) 
   Realizations represent realizations from the disposition of assets or capital returned to investors from CLOs.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Market appreciation (depreciation) includes realized and unrealized gains (losses) on portfolio investments and the impact of foreign exchange
rate fluctuations.  
 
 
 (e) 
   Represents the annualized current quarter’s Base Management Fee divided by period end Fee-Earning Assets Under Management.
 
      99  


 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 (f) 
   For the year ended December 31, 2018, the impact to Fee-Earning Assets Under Management due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations
was $(904.2) million, $(626.6) million and $(1.5) billion for the Real Estate, Credit and Total segments, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2017, the impact to Fee-Earning Assets Under Management due to foreign
exchange rate fluctuations was $1.4 billion, $1.3 million, $1.4 billion and $2.8 billion for the Real Estate, Private Equity, Credit and Total segments, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2016, such impact
was $(463.8) million, $1.0 million, $(335.8) million and $(798.5) million for the Real Estate, Private Equity, Credit and Total segments, respectively.  
 
 
 (g) 
   For the year ended December 31, 2018, the impact to Total Assets Under Management due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations was
$(2.1) billion, $(354.1) million, $(821.9) million and $(3.3) billion for the Real Estate, Private Equity, Credit and Total segments, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2017, the impact to Total Assets Under
Management due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations was $3.1 billion, $1.1 billion, $1.8 billion and $5.9 billion for the Real Estate, Private Equity, Credit and Total segments, respectively. For the year ended
December 31, 2016, such impact was $(1.4) billion, $86.5 million, $(490.4) million and $(1.8) billion for the Real Estate, Private Equity, Credit and Total segments, respectively.  
 Fee-Earning Assets Under Management    Fee-Earning Assets Under Management were $342.5 billion at December 31, 2018, an increase of $7.2 billion, compared to $335.3 billion at December 31, 2017. The net increase was
due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Inflows of $71.0 billion related to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $24.6 billion in our Credit segment driven by $12.2 billion from certain long only and MLP strategies, $7.7 billion of capital raised
from new CLO launches and CLO refinancings, $4.0 billion from BIS, $3.3 billion from our distressed strategies, $2.4 billion from our mezzanine funds and $1.5 billion from our new direct lending platform, partially offset by
$6.5 billion of allocations from insurance multi-asset products to other strategies,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $18.0 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by $7.4 billion from BREDS, $3.0 billion from BREIT, $2.8 billion from BPP U.S. and
co-investment, $2.2 billion from BPP Europe and co-investment and $2.0 billion from BREP funds and co-investment,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $16.1 billion in our Private Equity segment driven by $6.1 billion from Tactical Opportunities, $5.4 billion from BIP, $1.4 billion as a
result of the Clarus Acquisition, $1.1 billion from Strategic Partners, $862.5 million from corporate private equity, $742.5 million from core private equity and $503.1 million from multi-asset products, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $12.4 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment driven by $5.4 billion in customized solutions, $5.3 billion in individual investor
and specialized solutions and $1.6 billion in commingled products.    Offsetting these increases were:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Outflows of $41.8 billion primarily attributable to:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $27.6 billion in our Credit segment driven by the conclusion of our sub-advisory relationship with FS Investments. The remaining outflows
were mainly related to certain long only and MLP strategies,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $10.3 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment driven by $4.1 billion from customized solutions, $3.3 billion from individual
investor and specialized solutions and $2.9 billion from commingled products,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.0 billion in our Real Estate segment primarily driven by $798.9 million of redemptions from the BREDS liquids funds and
$787.0 million uninvested capital at the close of a BPP separately managed account’s investment period, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.9 billion in our Private Equity segment driven by $856.3 million from Tactical Opportunities, $606.0 million from multi-asset
products, $298.3 million from Strategic Partners and $127.7 million from corporate private equity.  
      100
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   Realizations of $20.6 billion primarily driven by:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $8.8 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by $3.9 billion from BREP funds and co-investment, $3.2 billion from BREDS and
$1.7 billion from core+ real estate funds,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $6.7 billion in our Credit segment driven by $2.8 billion from distressed strategies, $1.9 billion of capital returned to investors from
CLOs that are post their re-investment periods and $1.2 billion from mezzanine funds, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.7 billion in our Private Equity segment driven by $1.7 billion from Strategic Partners, $1.5 billion from Tactical Opportunities and
$1.5 billion from corporate private equity.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Market depreciation of $1.4 billion due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.6 billion depreciation in our Credit segment driven by $4.0 billion of depreciation from market activity ($1.8 billion from certain long
only and MLP strategies, $1.4 billion from BIS, $414.9 million from CLOs and $315.2 million from distressed strategies), and foreign exchange depreciation of $626.6 million mainly related to CLOs, certain long only and MLP strategies and
mezzanine funds,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Partially offset by $2.1 billion appreciation in our Real Estate segment primarily driven by $2.0 billion of appreciation from core+ real
estate funds ($2.7 billion from market appreciation offset by $629.7 million from foreign exchange depreciation), and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $720.5 million appreciation in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment driven by returns from BAAM’s Principal Solutions Composite of 2.0% gross
(1.2% net).    Hedge Fund Solutions had net inflows of $1.2 billion from January 1 through
February 1, 2019.    Fee-Earning Assets Under Management were $335.3 billion at December 31, 2017, an
increase of $58.3 billion, compared to $277.1 billion at December 31, 2016. The net increase was due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Inflows of $97.2 billion related to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $55.1 billion in our Credit segment driven by $22.4 billion from BIS, $11.2 billion from the acquisition of Harvest, $5.8 billion
of capital raised from new CLO launches, $5.8 billion of inflows from mezzanine funds, $4.3 billion of inflows from long only and MLP strategies, $3.3 billion of inflows from distressed strategies and $2.3 billion of inflows from
business development companies (“BDCs”),      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $23.6 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by $5.9 billion from the Logicor asset management mandate, $5.8 billion from the second
Asian opportunistic fund, $5.2 billion from BREDS, $1.7 billion from BREIT and $3.2 billion from other core+ real estate funds,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $10.3 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment driven by $4.6 billion from customized solutions, $4.0 billion from individual
investor and specialized solutions and $1.7 billion from commingled products, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $8.3 billion in our Private Equity segment driven by $3.0 billion from Tactical Opportunities, $2.0 billion from Strategic Partners,
$1.7 billion from corporate private equity and $1.3 billion from core private equity.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Market appreciation of $10.1 billion due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.6 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment driven by solid returns from BAAM’s Principal Solutions Composite of 8.3% gross (7.3% net),
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $3.0 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by $1.4 billion of foreign exchange appreciation as well as appreciation of $1.3 billion
from core+ real estate funds, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.0 billion in our Credit segment driven by $697.9 million of appreciation from long only and MLP strategies ($427.3 million from
market appreciation and $270.6 million from foreign exchange appreciation), $387.9 million of appreciation from CLOs and $382.5 million of market appreciation from BDCs.  
      101
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Offsetting these increases were:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Realizations of $31.0 billion primarily driven by:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $11.9 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by $6.8 billion from BREP funds, $3.4 billion from BREDS, $816.4 million from BREP
co-investment and $801.7 million from core+ real estate funds,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $10.4 billion in our Credit segment driven by $4.4 billion of capital returned to investors from CLOs that are post their re-investment
periods, $3.0 billion of realizations from distressed strategies, $1.6 billion of realizations from mezzanine funds and $983.0 million in dividends from BDCs,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $6.6 billion in our Private Equity segment driven by $3.1 billion from corporate private equity, $2.4 billion from Strategic Partners
and $1.1 billion from Tactical Opportunities, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.2 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment driven by $2.1 billion from individual investor and specialized solutions.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Outflows of $18.1 billion primarily attributable to:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $9.8 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment driven by $4.0 billion from individual investor and specialized solutions, $3.2 billion
from customized solutions and $2.6 billion from commingled products,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.4 billion in our Credit segment driven by $2.1 billion from long only and MLP strategies, $1.1 billion from BDCs and
$689.4 million from distressed strategies,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.8 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by $2.1 billion of uninvested reserves at the close of BREP Asia’s investment period, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.2 billion in our Private Equity segment driven by reductions of $467.4 million from Strategic Partners and $452.5 million from
corporate private equity assets that no longer earn fees.    Total Assets Under Management  
 Total Assets Under Management were $472.2 billion at December 31, 2018, an increase of $38.1 billion, compared to
$434.1 billion at December 31, 2017. The net increase was due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Inflows of $101.0 billion related to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $31.5 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by $15.4 billion from the first closing of BREP’s ninth global opportunistic fund,
$5.3 billion from BREDS, $3.0 billion from BREIT, $2.7 billion from BPP U.S. and co-investment, $1.6 billion from BPP Europe and co-investment and $1.4 billion from BREP Asia II,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $29.6 billion in our Credit segment driven by $12.8 billion from certain long only and MLP strategies, $7.8 billion of capital raised
from CLO launches and CLO refinancings, $6.1 billion from distressed strategies, $4.4 billion from our new direct lending platform, $4.0 billion from BIS and $788.8 million from mezzanine funds, partially offset by $6.5 billion
of allocations from insurance multi-asset products to other strategies,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $26.6 billion in our Private Equity segment driven by $7.0 billion from Tactical Opportunities, $5.7 billion from corporate private
equity, $5.7 billion from BIP, $5.3 billion from Strategic Partners, $2.1 billion as a result of the Clarus Acquisition and $800.1 million from multi-asset products, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $13.3 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment driven by $6.0 billion in customized solutions, $5.5 billion in individual investor
and specialized solutions and $1.7 billion in commingled products.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Market appreciation of $13.8 billion due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $10.5 billion appreciation in our Private Equity segment driven by carrying value increase in corporate private equity, Strategic Partners and
Tactical Opportunities of 19.1%, 18.6% and 12.2%, respectively, which included $354.1 million of foreign exchange depreciation across the segment,  
      102
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   $6.3 billion appreciation in our Real Estate segment driven by carrying value increases in our opportunistic and core+ real estate funds of 9.8% and
10.7%, respectively, which includes $2.1 billion of foreign exchange depreciation across the segment, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Partially offset by $3.6 billion depreciation in our Credit segment driven by $2.8 billion of depreciation from market activity ($1.7 billion
from certain long only and MLP strategies, $1.4 billion from BIS, and $262.3 million from distressed strategies, partially offset by $754.4 million of market appreciation in mezzanine funds), and foreign exchange depreciation of
$821.9 million mainly related to CLOs, certain long only and MLP strategies and mezzanine funds.  
 Total Assets Under Management market appreciation (depreciation) in our Private Equity and Real Estate segments generally represents
the change in fair value of the investments held and typically exceeds the Fee-Earning Assets Under Management market appreciation (depreciation).    Offsetting these increases were:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Outflows of $42.6 billion primarily attributable to:      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   $28.1 billion in our Credit segment driven by the conclusion of our sub-advisory relationship with FS Investments. The remaining outflows
were primarily related to certain long only and MLP strategies,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $10.8 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment driven by $4.1 billion from customized solutions, $3.7 billion from individual
investor and specialized solutions and $3.0 billion from commingled products,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.2 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by redemptions from the BREDS liquids funds and the expiration of the BREP VI fund term, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.6 billion in our Private Equity segment driven by $576.9 million from Tactical Opportunities, $557.4 million from Strategic Partners
and $213.1 million from corporate private equity.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Realizations of $34.1 billion primarily driven by:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $14.7 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by $10.5 billion from BREP funds and co-investment, $2.2 billion from BREDS and $2.0 billion from
core+ real estate funds,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $10.4 billion in our Private Equity segment driven by continued disposition activity across the segment, mainly related to $5.8 billion from
corporate private equity, $2.4 billion from Strategic Partners and $2.1 billion from Tactical Opportunities, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $8.5 billion in our Credit segment driven by $3.7 billion from our distressed strategies, $2.0 billion from our mezzanine strategies and
$1.9 billion from capital returned to investors from CLOs that are post their re-investment periods.  
 Total Assets Under Management realizations in our Private Equity and Real Estate segments generally represent the total proceeds and
typically exceed the Fee-Earning Assets Under Management realizations which generally represent only the invested capital.  
 Total Assets Under Management were $434.1 billion at December 31, 2017, an increase of $67.6 billion, compared to
$366.6 billion at December 31, 2016. The net increase was due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Inflows of $108.0 billion primarily related to:      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   $59.4 billion in our Credit segment driven by $22.4 billion of inflows from BIS, $11.2 billion from the acquisition of Harvest,
$8.8 billion of inflows from distressed strategies, $5.8 billion of capital raised from CLO launches, $4.7 billion of inflows from long only and MLP strategies, $3.8 billion from mezzanine funds and $2.3 billion of inflows
from BDCs,  
      103
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   $23.8 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by $6.0 billion from the Logicor asset management mandate, $5.9 billion from the second
Asian opportunistic fund, $4.3 billion from other core+ real estate funds, $3.1 billion from BREDS, $2.9 billion from recycled capital for BREP funds, $1.7 billion from BREIT,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $12.6 billion in our Private Equity segment driven by $5.9 billion from Tactical Opportunities, $2.4 billion from Strategic Partners,
$2.2 billion from BCP co-investment and $1.9 million from corporate private equity, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $12.1 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions driven by capital raised of $5.1 billion from individual investor and specialized solutions,
$5.0 billion from customized solutions and $1.9 billion from commingled products.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Market appreciation of $34.3 billion due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $15.5 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by carrying value increases of 19.4% and 12.0%, respectively, in opportunistic and core+ real
estate funds, which includes $3.1 billion of foreign exchange appreciation,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $9.7 billion in our Private Equity segment driven by carrying value increases in corporate private equity, Strategic Partners and Tactical
Opportunities of 17.6%, 22.5% and 14.5%, respectively, which includes $1.1 billion of foreign exchange appreciation,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.9 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment due to the reasons noted above in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.1 billion in our Credit segment driven by $1.1 billion of appreciation from mezzanine funds ($709.5 million from market appreciation
and $429.7 million from foreign exchange appreciation), $954.5 million appreciation from distressed strategies ($866.4 million from market appreciation and $88.1 million from foreign exchange appreciation), $787.7 million of
appreciation from long only and MLP strategies ($437.9 million from market appreciation and $349.8 million from foreign exchange appreciation) and $648.8 million of appreciation from CLOs.  
 Offsetting these increases were:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Realizations of $55.2 billion driven by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $24.5 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by $19.6 billion from BREP funds, $2.1 billion from BREP co-investment,
$1.8 million from BREDS and $934.6 million from core+ real estate funds,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $15.8 billion in our Private Equity segment driven by continued disposition activity across the segment, mainly $9.2 billion from corporate
private equity, $2.8 billion from Strategic Partners and $2.7 billion from Tactical Opportunities,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $12.5 billion in our Credit segment driven by $4.7 billion of capital returned to investors from CLOs that are post their re-investment
periods, $4.0 billion of realizations from distressed strategies, $2.3 billion of realizations from mezzanine funds and $983.0 million in dividends from BDCs, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.4 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment driven by $2.2 billion of realizations from individual investor and specialized solutions.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Outflows of $19.5 billion primarily attributable to:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $10.7 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment driven by outflows of $4.7 billion from individual investor and specialized solutions,
$3.3 billion from customized solutions and $2.7 billion from commingled products,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $6.2 billion in our Credit segment driven by $2.2 billion from long only and MLP strategies, $1.8 billion from distressed strategies and
$1.1 billion from BDCs, and  
      104
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.4 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by an $803.6 million release of reserves in BREDS II and $394.3 million of
redemptions from BREDS liquid funds.    Limited Partner Capital Invested  
 The following presents our Limited Partner Capital Invested for each of the years ended December 31:  
         


 
      
 Note:    Totals may not add due to rounding.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2018 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Limited Partner Capital Invested 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Real Estate 
    
 $ 
 10,969,746 
   
    
 $ 
 19,586,515 
   
    
 $ 
 18,374,432 
   
 
   Private Equity 
    
   
 7,443,607 
   
    
   
 16,923,385 
   
    
   
 14,181,675 
   
 
   Hedge Fund Solutions (a) 
    
   
 753,548 
   
    
   
 901,230 
   
    
   
 1,470,718 
   
 
   Credit 
    
   
 3,254,849 
   
    
   
 8,805,283 
   
    
   
 6,900,422 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 22,421,750 
   
    
 $ 
 46,216,413 
   
    
 $ 
 40,927,247 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Limited Partner Capital Invested for the Hedge Fund Solutions segment has been updated for an adjustment applicable to each of the three month
periods ended September 30, 2016, December 31, 2016 and March 31, 2017.  
      105
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Dry Powder  
 The following presents our Dry Powder as of December 31 of each year:  
         


 
      
 Note:    Totals may not add due to rounding.  
 
 
 (a) 
   Represents illiquid drawdown funds, a component of perpetual capital and fee-paying co-investments; includes fee-paying third party capital as
well as general partner and employee capital that does not earn fees. Amounts are reduced by outstanding capital commitments, for which capital has not yet been invested.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2018 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Dry Powder Available for Investment 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Real Estate 
    
 $ 
 32,134,990 
   
    
 $ 
 32,251,005 
   
    
 $ 
 40,627,676 
   
 
   Private Equity 
    
   
 43,618,496 
   
    
   
 36,302,497 
   
    
   
 44,431,881 
   
 
   Hedge Fund Solutions 
    
   
 4,309,901 
   
    
   
 3,943,358 
   
    
   
 3,275,768 
   
 
   Credit 
    
   
 21,279,670 
   
    
   
 22,285,149 
   
    
   
 24,542,243 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 101,343,057 
   
    
 $ 
 94,782,009 
   
    
 $ 
 112,877,568 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Net Accrued Performance Revenues  
 The following table presents the Accrued Performance Revenues, net of performance compensation, of the Blackstone Funds as of
December 31, 2018 and 2017. Net Accrued Performance Revenues presented do not include clawback amounts, if any, which are disclosed in Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Contingent Obligations
(Clawback)” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial  
      106
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing. The Net Accrued Performance Revenues as of each reporting date were principally unrealized; if realized, such amount can be a significant
component of Distributable Earnings.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Millions) 
   


 
   Real Estate 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   BREP IV 
    
 $ 
 3 
   
    
 $ 
 9 
   
 
   BREP V 
    
   
 55 
   
    
   
 203 
   
 
   BREP VI 
    
   
 89 
   
    
   
 190 
   
 
   BREP VII 
    
   
 484 
   
    
   
 587 
   
 
   BREP VIII 
    
   
 429 
   
    
   
 255 
   
 
   BREP Europe III 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 67 
   
 
   BREP Europe IV 
    
   
 200 
   
    
   
 207 
   
 
   BREP Europe V 
    
   
 110 
   
    
   
 25 
   
 
   BREP Asia I 
    
   
 114 
   
    
   
 102 
   
 
   BPP 
    
   
 215 
   
    
   
 134 
   
 
   BREIT 
    
   
 23 
   
    
   
 10 
   
 
   BREDS 
    
   
 17 
   
    
   
 35 
   
 
   BTAS 
    
   
 36 
   
    
   
 16 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Real Estate (a) 
    
   
 1,775 
   
    
   
 1,840 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Private Equity 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   BCP IV 
    
   
 72 
   
    
   
 87 
   
 
   BCP V 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 73 
   
 
   BCP VI 
    
   
 746 
   
    
   
 668 
   
 
   BCP VII 
    
   
 225 
   
    
   
 16 
   
 
   BEP I 
    
   
 103 
   
    
   
 95 
   
 
   BEP II 
    
   
 73 
   
    
   
 5 
   
 
   Tactical Opportunities 
    
   
 155 
   
    
   
 104 
   
 
   Strategic Partners 
    
   
 94 
   
    
   
 66 
   
 
   BCEP 
    
   
 19 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   BTAS 
    
   
 41 
   
    
   
 13 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 3 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Private Equity (a) 
    
   
 1,529 
   
    
   
 1,130 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Hedge Fund Solutions 
    
   
 24 
   
    
   
 89 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Credit 
    
   
 195 
   
    
   
 289 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Blackstone Net Accrued Performance Revenues 
    
 $ 
 3,523 
   
    
 $ 
 3,348 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Real Estate and Private Equity include Co-Investments, as applicable.  
 Net Accrued Performance Revenues receivable was increased by net Performance Revenues of $1.4 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2018 and decreased by net realized distributions of $1.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2018.  
      107
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Performance Revenue Eligible Assets Under Management  
 The following presents our Invested Performance Revenue Eligible Assets Under Management as of December 31 of each year:  
         


 
      
 Note:    Totals may not add due to rounding.  
      108
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Perpetual Capital  
 The following presents our Perpetual Capital as of December 31 of each year:  
         


 
      
 Note:    Totals may not add due to rounding.    Investment Record    Fund returns information for our significant funds is
included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial
performance of The Blackstone Group L.P. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. An investment in The Blackstone Group L.P. is not an investment in any of our funds. There can be no assurance that any
of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.  
      109
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following table presents the investment record of our significant drawdown funds
from inception through December 31, 2018:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Unrealized Investments 
   
   
 Realized Investments 
   
   
 Total Investments 
   
   
 Net IRRs (c) 
   
 
   Fund (Investment Period 
 Beginning Date / Ending Date) 
   
 Committed Capital 
   
   
 Available Capital (a) 
   
   
 Value 
   
   
 MOIC (b) 
   
   
 % Public 
   
   
 Value 
   
   
 MOIC (b) 
   
   
 Value 
   
   
 MOIC (b) 
   
   
 Realized 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Where Noted) 
   


 
   Real Estate 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Pre-BREP 
   
 $ 
 140,714 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 345,190 
   
   
   
 2.5x 
   
   
 $ 
 345,190 
   
   
   
 2.5x 
   
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
 
   BREP I (Sep 1994 / Oct 1996) 
   
   
 380,708 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,327,708 
   
   
   
 2.8x 
   
   
   
 1,327,708 
   
   
   
 2.8x 
   
   
   
 40 
 %  
   
   
 40 
 %  
 
   BREP II (Oct 1996 / Mar 1999) 
   
   
 1,198,339 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,531,614 
   
   
   
 2.1x 
   
   
   
 2,531,614 
   
   
   
 2.1x 
   
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
   BREP III (Apr 1999 / Apr 2003) 
   
   
 1,522,708 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,330,406 
   
   
   
 2.4x 
   
   
   
 3,330,406 
   
   
   
 2.4x 
   
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
 
   BREP IV (Apr 2003 / Dec 2005) 
   
   
 2,198,694 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 212,309 
   
   
   
 0.3x 
   
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 4,290,218 
   
   
   
 2.2x 
   
   
   
 4,502,527 
   
   
   
 1.6x 
   
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   BREP V (Dec 2005 / Feb 2007) 
   
   
 5,539,418 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 542,613 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 31 
 %  
   
   
 12,697,555 
   
   
   
 2.4x 
   
   
   
 13,240,168 
   
   
   
 2.3x 
   
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   BREP VI (Feb 2007 / Aug 2011) 
   
   
 11,060,444 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,215,191 
   
   
   
 1.6x 
   
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 26,334,443 
   
   
   
 2.6x 
   
   
   
 27,549,634 
   
   
   
 2.5x 
   
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   BREP VII (Aug 2011 / Apr 2015) 
   
   
 13,495,496 
   
   
   
 2,001,683 
   
   
   
 10,154,856 
   
   
   
 1.6x 
   
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 18,332,067 
   
   
   
 2.1x 
   
   
   
 28,486,923 
   
   
   
 1.9x 
   
   
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
   BREP VIII (Apr 2015 / Oct 2020) 
   
   
 16,457,804 
   
   
   
 5,762,268 
   
   
   
 14,427,542 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 4,740,239 
   
   
   
 1.5x 
   
   
   
 19,167,781 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
   BREP IX (TBD) 
   
   
 15,445,659 
   
   
   
 15,445,659 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Global BREP 
   
 $ 
 67,439,984 
   
   
 $ 
 23,209,610 
   
   
 $ 
 26,552,511 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 73,929,440 
   
   
   
 2.3x 
   
   
 $ 
 100,481,951 
   
   
   
 2.0x 
   
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   BREP Int’l (Jan 2001 / Sep 2005) 
   
 € 
 824,172 
   
   
 € 
 —   
   
   
 € 
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
 € 
 1,366,553 
   
   
   
 2.1x 
   
   
 € 
 1,366,553 
   
   
   
 2.1x 
   
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
 
   BREP Int’l II (Sep 2005 / Jun 2008) (d) 
   
   
 1,629,748 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 106,396 
   
   
   
 1.1x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,347,656 
   
   
   
 1.8x 
   
   
   
 2,454,052 
   
   
   
 1.8x 
   
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   BREP Europe III (Jun 2008 / Sep 2013) 
   
   
 3,205,167 
   
   
   
 464,566 
   
   
   
 660,005 
   
   
   
 0.9x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5,494,293 
   
   
   
 2.5x 
   
   
   
 6,154,298 
   
   
   
 2.1x 
   
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
   BREP Europe IV (Sep 2013 / Dec 2016) 
   
   
 6,709,145 
   
   
   
 1,340,701 
   
   
   
 4,358,327 
   
   
   
 1.6x 
   
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 7,147,829 
   
   
   
 2.0x 
   
   
   
 11,506,156 
   
   
   
 1.8x 
   
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
   BREP Europe V (Dec 2016 / Jun 2022) 
   
   
 7,877,201 
   
   
   
 3,224,734 
   
   
   
 5,662,031 
   
   
   
 1.3x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 77,038 
   
   
   
 2.4x 
   
   
   
 5,739,069 
   
   
   
 1.3x 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 18 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Euro BREP 
   
 € 
 20,245,433 
   
   
 € 
 5,030,001 
   
   
 € 
 10,786,759 
   
   
   
 1.3x 
   
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
 € 
 16,433,369 
   
   
   
 2.1x 
   
   
 € 
 27,220,128 
   
   
   
 1.7x 
   
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   BREP Asia I (Jun 2013 / Dec 2017) 
   
 $ 
 5,096,359 
   
   
 $ 
 1,729,439 
   
   
 $ 
 4,128,651 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 2,989,011 
   
   
   
 1.8x 
   
   
 $ 
 7,117,662 
   
   
   
 1.5x 
   
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
   BREP Asia II (Dec 2017 / Jun 2023) 
   
   
 7,126,830 
   
   
   
 6,415,884 
   
   
   
 880,798 
   
   
   
 1.0x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 880,798 
   
   
   
 1.0x 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
 
   BREP Co-Investment (e) 
   
   
 7,055,644 
   
   
   
 172,062 
   
   
   
 2,124,456 
   
   
   
 1.6x 
   
   
   
 41 
 %  
   
   
 11,834,696 
   
   
   
 2.1x 
   
   
   
 13,959,152 
   
   
   
 2.0x 
   
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total BREP 
   
 $ 
 111,511,210 
   
   
 $ 
 37,294,898 
   
   
 $ 
 46,355,732 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
 $ 
 109,719,753 
   
   
   
 2.2x 
   
   
 $ 
 156,075,485 
   
   
   
 1.9x 
   
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   BPP (f) 
   
 $ 
 26,569,578 
   
   
 $ 
 2,964,457 
   
   
 $ 
 28,054,480 
   
   
   
 1.2x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 3,602,356 
   
   
   
 2.6x 
   
   
 $ 
 31,656,836 
   
   
   
 1.2x 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   BREDS 
   
 $ 
 13,228,639 
   
   
 $ 
 3,582,239 
   
   
 $ 
 3,739,330 
   
   
   
 1.1x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 10,333,439 
   
   
   
 1.3x 
   
   
 $ 
 14,072,769 
   
   
   
 1.2x 
   
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Private Equity 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   BCP I (Oct 1987 / Oct 1993) 
   
 $ 
 859,081 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 1,741,738 
   
   
   
 2.6x 
   
   
 $ 
 1,741,738 
   
   
   
 2.6x 
   
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
   BCP II (Oct 1993 / Aug 1997) 
   
   
 1,361,100 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,256,819 
   
   
   
 2.5x 
   
   
   
 3,256,819 
   
   
   
 2.5x 
   
   
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 32 
 %  
 
   BCP III (Aug 1997 / Nov 2002) 
   
   
 3,967,422 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 9,184,688 
   
   
   
 2.3x 
   
   
   
 9,184,688 
   
   
   
 2.3x 
   
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
   BCOM (Jun 2000 / Jun 2006) 
   
   
 2,137,330 
   
   
   
 24,575 
   
   
   
 17,244 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,953,649 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 2,970,893 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
 
   BCP IV (Nov 2002 / Dec 2005) 
   
   
 6,773,182 
   
   
   
 205,984 
   
   
   
 610,391 
   
   
   
 0.7x 
   
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 20,861,706 
   
   
   
 3.1x 
   
   
   
 21,472,097 
   
   
   
 2.8x 
   
   
   
 41 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
 
   BCP V (Dec 2005 / Jan 2011) 
   
   
 21,022,215 
   
   
   
 1,048,362 
   
   
   
 1,748,350 
   
   
   
 0.9x 
   
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 36,298,422 
   
   
   
 2.0x 
   
   
   
 38,046,772 
   
   
   
 1.9x 
   
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   BCP VI (Jan 2011 / May 2016) 
   
   
 15,191,118 
   
   
   
 1,756,975 
   
   
   
 14,645,713 
   
   
   
 1.7x 
   
   
   
 31 
 %  
   
   
 11,915,798 
   
   
   
 2.1x 
   
   
   
 26,561,511 
   
   
   
 1.9x 
   
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   BEP I (Aug 2011 / Feb 2015) 
   
   
 2,435,285 
   
   
   
 224,784 
   
   
   
 2,364,512 
   
   
   
 1.5x 
   
   
   
 41 
 %  
   
   
 1,954,527 
   
   
   
 2.3x 
   
   
   
 4,319,039 
   
   
   
 1.8x 
   
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   BEP II (Feb 2015 / Feb 2021) 
   
   
 4,929,718 
   
   
   
 1,203,693 
   
   
   
 4,215,603 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 210,362 
   
   
   
 2.0x 
   
   
   
 4,425,965 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 40 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
   BCP VII (May 2016 / May 2022) 
   
   
 18,590,630 
   
   
   
 8,252,225 
   
   
   
 10,446,740 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 434,736 
   
   
   
 1.3x 
   
   
   
 10,881,476 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
 
   BCP Asia (Dec 2017 / Dec 2023) 
   
   
 2,369,469 
   
   
   
 2,040,455 
   
   
   
 165,694 
   
   
   
 1.5x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 165,694 
   
   
   
 1.5x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
 
   BEP III (TBD) 
   
   
 3,515,891 
   
   
   
 3,515,891 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Corporate Private Equity 
   
 $ 
 83,152,441 
   
   
 $ 
 18,272,944 
   
   
 $ 
 34,214,247 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
 $ 
 88,812,445 
   
   
   
 2.2x 
   
   
 $ 
 123,026,692 
   
   
   
 1.9x 
   
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Tactical Opportunities 
   
   
 22,053,992 
   
   
   
 10,234,751 
   
   
   
 9,559,311 
   
   
   
 1.3x 
   
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 6,342,454 
   
   
   
 1.7x 
   
   
   
 15,901,765 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   Tactical Opportunities Co-Investment and Other 
   
   
 5,426,066 
   
   
   
 1,603,582 
   
   
   
 3,853,442 
   
   
   
 1.2x 
   
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 1,310,719 
   
   
   
 1.6x 
   
   
   
 5,164,161 
   
   
   
 1.3x 
   
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Tactical Opportunities 
   
 $ 
 27,480,058 
   
   
 $ 
 11,838,333 
   
   
 $ 
 13,412,753 
   
   
   
 1.2x 
   
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 7,653,173 
   
   
   
 1.7x 
   
   
 $ 
 21,065,926 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Strategic Partners I-V and Co-Investment (g) 
   
   
 11,913,121 
   
   
   
 1,800,737 
   
   
   
 1,742,846 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 15,970,061 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 17,712,907 
   
   
   
 1.5x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   Strategic Partners VI LBO, RE and SMA (g) 
   
   
 7,402,171 
   
   
   
 1,943,044 
   
   
   
 3,016,474 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,407,157 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 6,423,631 
   
   
   
 1.5x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
   Strategic Partners VII (g) 
   
   
 8,221,982 
   
   
   
 3,227,165 
   
   
   
 5,948,522 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 730,088 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 6,678,610 
   
   
   
 1.3x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 37 
 %  
 
   Strategic Partners RA II (g) 
   
   
 1,898,154 
   
   
   
 1,036,103 
   
   
   
 451,971 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 36,438 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 488,409 
   
   
   
 1.2x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
   Strategic Partners VIII  
   
   
 3,422,804 
   
   
   
 3,422,804 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Strategic Partners 
   
 $ 
 32,858,232 
   
   
 $ 
 11,429,853 
   
   
 $ 
 11,159,813 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 20,143,744 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
 $ 
 31,303,557 
   
   
   
 1.5x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
      continued
...  

      110
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Unrealized Investments 
   
   
 Realized Investments 
   
   
 Total Investments 
   
   
 Net IRRs (c) 
   
 
   Fund (Investment Period 
 Beginning Date / Ending Date) 
   
 Committed Capital 
   
   
 Available Capital (a) 
   
   
 Value 
   
   
 MOIC (b) 
   
   
 % Public 
   
   
 Value 
   
   
 MOIC (b) 
   
   
 Value 
   
   
 MOIC (b) 
   
   
 Realized 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Where Noted) 
   


 
   BCEP (Jan 2017 / Jan 2021) (h) 
   
 $ 
 4,755,613 
   
   
 $ 
 2,601,681 
   
   
 $ 
 2,505,183 
   
   
   
 1.2x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
 $ 
 2,505,183 
   
   
   
 1.2x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
   BIP (TBD) 
   
   
 5,686,000 
   
   
   
 5,686,000 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
   Other Funds and Co-Investment (i) 
   
   
 1,557,393 
   
   
   
 325,028 
   
   
   
 96,990 
   
   
   
 1.0x 
   
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 635,564 
   
   
   
 0.9x 
   
   
   
 732,554 
   
   
   
 1.0x 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   BSCH (Dec 2013 / Jun 2020) (j) 
   
 $ 
 3,298,575 
   
   
 $ 
 2,083,559 
   
   
 $ 
 1,308,188 
   
   
   
 1.1x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 312,539 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
 $ 
 1,620,727 
   
   
   
 1.3x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   BSCH Co-Investment 
   
   
 276,000 
   
   
   
 98,070 
   
   
   
 195,414 
   
   
   
 1.1x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 28,573 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 223,987 
   
   
   
 1.3x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 9 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
 $ 
 3,574,575 
   
   
 $ 
 2,181,629 
   
   
 $ 
 1,503,602 
   
   
   
 1.1x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 341,112 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
 $ 
 1,844,714 
   
   
   
 1.3x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 9 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Credit (k) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mezzanine I (Jul 2007 / Oct 2011) 
   
 $ 
 2,000,000 
   
   
 $ 
 97,114 
   
   
 $ 
 25,716 
   
   
   
 1.3x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 4,772,118 
   
   
   
 1.6x 
   
   
 $ 
 4,797,834 
   
   
   
 1.6x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
   Mezzanine II (Nov 2011 / Nov 2016) 
   
   
 4,120,000 
   
   
   
 1,146,274 
   
   
   
 2,034,118 
   
   
   
 1.0x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 4,526,585 
   
   
   
 1.6x 
   
   
   
 6,560,703 
   
   
   
 1.3x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   Mezzanine III (Sep 2016 / Sep 2021) 
   
   
 6,639,133 
   
   
   
 2,589,498 
   
   
   
 3,573,397 
   
   
   
 1.1x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,003,295 
   
   
   
 1.6x 
   
   
   
 4,576,692 
   
   
   
 1.1x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   Stressed / Distressed Investing I (Sep 2009 / May 2013) 
   
   
 3,253,143 
   
   
   
 135,000 
   
   
   
 228,105 
   
   
   
 0.4x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5,732,348 
   
   
   
 1.6x 
   
   
   
 5,960,453 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   Stressed / Distressed Investing II (Jun 2013 / Jun 2018) 
   
   
 5,125,000 
   
   
   
 570,214 
   
   
   
 2,119,618 
   
   
   
 0.9x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,597,716 
   
   
   
 1.4x 
   
   
   
 5,717,334 
   
   
   
 1.2x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   Stressed / Distressed Investing III (Dec 2017 / Dec 2022) 
   
   
 7,356,380 
   
   
   
 6,007,292 
   
   
   
 1,356,095 
   
   
   
 1.0x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 302,613 
   
   
   
 1.3x 
   
   
   
 1,658,708 
   
   
   
 1.1x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
   Energy Select Opportunities (Nov 2015 / Nov 2018) 
   
   
 2,856,867 
   
   
   
 943,281 
   
   
   
 1,968,152 
   
   
   
 1.1x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 544,630 
   
   
   
 1.7x 
   
   
   
 2,512,782 
   
   
   
 1.2x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   Euro 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   European Senior Debt Fund (Feb 2015 / Feb 2019) 
   
 € 
 1,964,689 
   
   
 € 
 1,503,470 
   
   
 € 
 2,045,708 
   
   
   
 1.0x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
 € 
 842,857 
   
   
   
 1.6x 
   
   
 € 
 2,888,565 
   
   
   
 1.1x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 9 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Credit 
   
 $ 
 33,616,933 
   
   
 $ 
 13,207,440 
   
   
 $ 
 13,643,752 
   
   
   
 1.0x 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 21,445,271 
   
   
   
 1.5x 
   
   
 $ 
 35,089,023 
   
   
   
 1.3x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of The Blackstone Group
L.P.      
 
 
 N/M 
   Not meaningful.  
 
 
 N/A 
   Not applicable.  
 
 
 (a) 
   Available Capital represents total investable capital commitments, including side-by-side, adjusted for certain expenses and expired or
recallable capital and may include leverage, less invested capital. This amount is not reduced by outstanding commitments to investments.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Multiple of Invested Capital (“MOIC”) represents carrying value, before management fees, expenses and Performance Revenues, divided
by invested capital.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Net Internal Rate of Return (“IRR”) represents the annualized inception to December 31, 2018 IRR on total invested capital
based on realized proceeds and unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and Performance Revenues.  
 
 
 (d) 
   The 8% Realized Net IRR and 8% Total Net IRR exclude investors that opted out of the Hilton investment opportunity. Overall BREP
International II performance reflects a 7% Realized Net IRR and a 6% Total Net IRR.  
 
 
 (e) 
   BREP Co-Investment represents co-investment capital raised for various BREP investments. The Net IRR reflected is calculated by aggregating
each co-investment’s realized proceeds and unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and Performance Revenues.  
 
 
 (f) 
   BPP represents the core+ real estate funds which invest with a more modest risk profile and lower leverage. Excludes BREIT.
 
 
 
 (g) 
   Realizations are treated as return of capital until fully recovered and therefore unrealized and realized MOICs are not meaningful.
 
 
 
 (h) 
   BCEP, or Blackstone Core Equity Partners, is a core private equity fund which invests with a more modest risk profile and longer hold period.
 
 
 
 (i) 
   Returns for Other Funds and Co-Investment are not meaningful as these funds have limited transaction activity.  
 
 
 (j) 
   BSCH, or Blackstone Strategic Capital Holdings, is focused on acquiring strategic minority positions in alternative asset managers.
 
 
 
 (k) 
   Funds presented represent the flagship credit drawdown funds only. The Total Credit Net IRR is the combined IRR of the eight credit drawdown
funds presented.  
      111
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Segment Analysis    Discussed below is our Segment Distributable Earnings for each of our segments. This information is reflected in the manner utilized by our senior management to make operating decisions, assess
performance and allocate resources. References to “our” sectors or investments may also refer to portfolio companies and investments of the underlying funds that we manage.    Real Estate    The following table presents the results of operations
for our Real Estate segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2018 vs. 2017 
   
   
 2017 vs. 2016 
   
 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Management Fees, Net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
   
 $ 
 985,399 
   
   
 $ 
 872,191 
   
   
 $ 
 795,161 
   
   
 $ 
 113,208 
   
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
 $ 
 77,030 
   
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
   
   
 152,513 
   
   
   
 82,781 
   
   
   
 95,324 
   
   
   
 69,732 
   
   
   
 84 
 %  
   
   
 (12,543 
 )  
   
   
 -13 
 %  
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
   
   
 (11,442 
 )  
   
   
 (15,934 
 )  
   
   
 (7,322 
 )  
   
   
 4,492 
   
   
   
 -28 
 %  
   
   
 (8,612 
 )  
   
   
 118 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management Fees, Net 
   
   
 1,126,470 
   
   
   
 939,038 
   
   
   
 883,163 
   
   
   
 187,432 
   
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 55,875 
   
   
   
 6 
 %  
 
   Fee Related Performance Revenues 
   
   
 124,502 
   
   
   
 79,500 
   
   
   
 18,178 
   
   
   
 45,002 
   
   
   
 57 
 %  
   
   
 61,322 
   
   
   
 337 
 %  
 
   Fee Related Compensation 
   
   
 (459,430 
 )  
   
   
 (437,311 
 )  
   
   
 (379,331 
 )  
   
   
 (22,119 
 )  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 (57,980 
 )  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
   
   
 (146,260 
 )  
   
   
 (136,042 
 )  
   
   
 (137,581 
 )  
   
   
 (10,218 
 )  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 1,539 
   
   
   
 -1 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fee Related Earnings 
   
   
 645,282 
   
   
   
 445,185 
   
   
   
 384,429 
   
   
   
 200,097 
   
   
   
 45 
 %  
   
   
 60,756 
   
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Realized Performance Revenues 
   
   
 914,984 
   
   
   
 2,141,374 
   
   
   
 1,214,931 
   
   
   
 (1,226,390 
 )  
   
   
 -57 
 %  
   
   
 926,443 
   
   
   
 76 
 %  
 
   Realized Performance Compensation 
   
   
 (284,319 
 )  
   
   
 (751,526 
 )  
   
   
 (335,147 
 )  
   
   
 467,207 
   
   
   
 -62 
 %  
   
   
 (416,379 
 )  
   
   
 124 
 %  
 
   Realized Principal Investment Income 
   
   
 92,525 
   
   
   
 255,903 
   
   
   
 122,712 
   
   
   
 (163,378 
 )  
   
   
 -64 
 %  
   
   
 133,191 
   
   
   
 109 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Realizations 
   
   
 723,190 
   
   
   
 1,645,751 
   
   
   
 1,002,496 
   
   
   
 (922,561 
 )  
   
   
 -56 
 %  
   
   
 643,255 
   
   
   
 64 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Segment Distributable Earnings 
   
 $ 
 1,368,472 
   
   
 $ 
 2,090,936 
   
   
 $ 
 1,386,925 
   
   
 $ 
 (722,464 
 )  
   
   
 -35 
 %  
   
 $ 
 704,011 
   
   
   
 51 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 N/M 
   Not meaningful.    Year Ended December 31, 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017    Segment Distributable Earnings was $1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $722.5 million compared to $2.1 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The decrease in Distributable Earnings was primarily attributable to a decrease of $922.6 million in Net Realizations, partially offset by an increase of $200.1 million in Fee Related Earnings.  
 Segment Distributable Earnings in our Real Estate segment in 2018 were lower compared to 2017, primarily driven by lower realizations in
2018 compared to 2017, which was a record year for realizations in our Real Estate segment. Growing macroeconomic and geopolitical concerns, such as concerns over U.S. Federal Reserve policy, Brexit, the “trade war” with China and the rate
of global growth, contributed to volatility in the fourth quarter of 2018. Although our Real Estate funds had $14.7 billion of realizations in 2018, ongoing volatility could contribute to a more challenging environment for realizations going
forward. Overall, operating trends in our Real Estate portfolio remain stable and supply-demand fundamentals remain positive in most markets, although decelerating growth in certain sectors, including retail, may contribute to a more challenging
environment for our portfolio companies. Capital deployment in opportunistic investments in the United States continues to be challenging, as distress levels are low and asset values are relatively high. Nonetheless, our Real Estate funds deployed
or committed an aggregate of $21.3 billion of capital in 2018, with approximately 50% of such aggregate capital invested or committed outside of North America. In the event global markets enter a period of slower growth relative to recent years,
periods of difficult market conditions or economic slowdown (which may be across  
      112
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
industries, sectors or geographies) may contribute to adverse operating performance at our portfolio companies. In turn, this may limit attractive realization opportunities for our funds. To the
extent interest rates continue to rise in 2019, the cost of debt financing for our real estate businesses and assets will likely increase. Rising interest rates, as well as a stronger U.S. dollar and higher inflation, would also potentially
negatively impact Segment Distributable Earnings in our Real Estate segment, particularly if occurring against a backdrop of slowing economic growth. Segment Distributable Earnings in our Real Estate segment would also potentially be negatively
impacted if pressure on wages and other inputs increasingly pressure profit margins. See “Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways,
including by reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our investment funds, making it more difficult to find opportunities for our funds to exit and realize value from existing investments and reducing the ability of our
investment funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition.”  
 Fee Related Earnings    Fee Related Earnings was $645.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, an increase of $200.1 million, compared to $445.2 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The increase in Fee Related Earnings was primarily attributable to increases of $187.4 million in Management Fees, Net and $45.0 million in Fee Related Performance Revenues, partially offset by an increase of
$22.1 million in Fee Related Compensation.    Management Fees, Net were $1.1 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2018, an increase of $187.4 million compared to $939.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, primarily driven by an increase in Base Management Fees. Base Management Fees were $985.4 million
for the year ended December 31, 2018, an increase of $113.2 million compared to $872.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, primarily due to Assets Under Management growth in our core+ real estate funds.
Transaction and Other Fees, Net were $152.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, an increase of $69.7 million compared to $82.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, primarily due to
$27.1 million of BREP breakup fees related to two transactions as well as increased fees from investment activity in our BREP global funds.    Fee Related Performance Revenues were $124.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, an increase of $45.0 million, compared to $79.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The increase was due to crystallizations in BREIT and BPP U.S., and an increase in BXMT earnings.  
 Fee Related Compensation was $459.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, an increase of $22.1 million,
compared to $437.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase was primarily due to the increase in Management and Advisory Fees, Net and Fee Related Performance Revenues, on which a portion of Fee Related Compensation
is based.    Net Realizations    Net Realizations were $723.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $922.6 million, compared to $1.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017.
The decrease in Net Realizations was primarily attributable to decreases of $1.2 billion in Realized Performance Revenues and $163.4 million in Realized Principal Investment Income, partially offset by a decrease of $467.2 million in
Realized Performance Compensation.    Realized Performance Revenues were $915.0 million for the year ended
December 31, 2018, a decrease of $1.2 billion, compared to $2.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease was due to record realization activity in the year ended December 31, 2017.
   Realized Principal Investment Income was $92.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of
$163.4 million, compared to $255.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease was primarily due to lower Realized Principal Investment Income for BREP VI.  
      113
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Realized Performance Compensation was $284.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2018, a decrease of $467.2 million, compared to $751.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease was due to the decrease in Realized Performance Revenues.  
 Year Ended December 31, 2017 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016  
 Segment Distributable Earnings were $2.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $704.0 million
compared to $1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase in Distributable Earnings was primarily attributable to increases of $60.8 million in Fee Related Earnings and $643.3 million in Net Realizations.
   Fee Related Earnings    Fee Related Earnings was $445.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $60.8 million, compared to $384.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2016.
The increase in Fee Related Earnings was primarily attributable to increases of $61.3 million in Fee Related Performance Revenues and $55.9 million in Management Fees, Net, partially offset by an increase of $58.0 million in Fee
Related Compensation.    Fee Related Performance Revenues were $79.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017, an increase of $61.3 million, compared to $18.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was due to crystallizations in BPP U.S. and BREIT.  
 Management Fees, Net were $939.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $55.9 million compared
to $883.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, driven by an increase in Base Management Fees, partially offset by a decrease in Transactions and Other Fees, Net. Base Management Fees were $872.2 million for the year
ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $77.0 million compared to $795.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, primarily due to growth in our core+ real estate funds and the launch of BREP Europe V in the fourth
quarter of 2016 and the corresponding expiration of its fee holiday in the second quarter of 2017. Transaction and Other Fees, Net were $82.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, a decrease of $12.5 million compared to
$95.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, primarily due to the timing of investment closings in our BREP global funds.    Fee Related Compensation was $437.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $58.0 million, compared to $379.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2016. The increase was primarily due to the increase in Fee Related Performance Revenues and Management Fees, Net, on which a portion of Fee Related Compensation is based.  
 Net Realizations    Net Realizations were $1.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $643.3 million compared to $1.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2016. The
increase in Net Realizations was primarily attributable to increases of $926.4 million in Realized Performance Revenues and $133.2 million in Realized Principal Investment Income, partially offset by an increase of $416.4 million in
Realized Performance Compensation.    Realized Performance Revenues were $2.1 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2017, an increase of $926.4 million compared to $1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was driven by record realization activity.  
 Realized Principal Investment Income was $255.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of
$133.2 million, compared to $122.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was due to higher Realized Principal Investment Income for BREP VI.  
      114
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Realized Performance Compensation was $751.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017, an increase of $416.4 million compared to $335.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was due to the increase in Realized Performance Revenues.  
 Fund Returns    Fund return information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The fund
returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of The Blackstone Group L.P. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. An investment in The
Blackstone Group L.P. is not an investment in any of our funds. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.  
 The following table presents the internal rates of return, except where noted, of our significant real estate funds:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 December 31, 2018 Inception to
Date 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 Realized 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Fund (a) 
    
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   BREP IV 
    
   
 -14 
 %  
   
   
 -12 
 %  
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 -12 
 %  
   
   
 -10 
 %  
   
   
 56 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   BREP V 
    
   
 -6 
 %  
   
   
 -5 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   BREP VI 
    
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   BREP VII 
    
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 37 
 %  
   
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
   BREP VIII 
    
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 39 
 %  
   
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
   BREP International II (b)(c) 
    
   
 34 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   BREP Europe III (b) 
    
   
 -18 
 %  
   
   
 -15 
 %  
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 -4 
 %  
   
   
 -4 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
   BREP Europe IV (b) 
    
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 34 
 %  
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
   BREP Europe V (b) 
    
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
 
   BREP Asia I 
    
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
   BREP Asia II 
    
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
 
   BREP Co-Investment (d) 
    
   
 -1 
 %  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
   BPP (e) 
    
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   BREDS Drawdown 
    
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
   BREDS Liquid (f) 
    
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   BXMT (g) 
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   BREIT (g) 
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 9 
 %  
   The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of The Blackstone Group
L.P.      
 
 
 N/M 
   Not meaningful.  
 
 
 N/A 
   Not applicable.  
 
 
 (a) 
   Net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and Performance Revenues.
 
 
 
 (b) 
   Euro-based internal rates of return.  
 
 
 (c) 
   The 8% Realized Net IRR and 8% Total Net IRR exclude investors that opted out of the Hilton investment opportunity. Overall BREP International
II Performance reflects an 7% Realized Net IRR and a 6% Total Net IRR.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Excludes fully realized co-investments prior to Blackstone’s IPO.  
 
 
 (e) 
   BPP represents the core+ real estate funds which invest with a more modest risk profile and lower leverage. Excludes BREIT.
 
      115
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 (f) 
   BREDS Liquid represents BREDS funds that invest in liquid real estate debt securities, except funds in liquidation and insurance mandates with
specific investment objectives. Effective June 30, 2018, the returns presented represent summarized asset-weighted gross and net rates of return. Inception to Date returns are presented on an annualized basis. Prior periods have been updated to
reflect such rates of return.  
 
 
 (g) 
   Reflects annualized return of a shareholder invested in the REIT as of the beginning of each period presented, assuming reinvestment of all
dividends received during the period, and no upfront selling commission for BREIT, net of all fees and expenses incurred by the REIT. For BXMT, return incorporates the closing NYSE stock price as of each period end, and for BREIT, return
incorporates the final Class S NAV/share as of each period end. Inception to date returns are from May 22, 2013 and January 1, 2017 for BXMT and BREIT, respectively.  
 As of December 31, 2018, the investment period for BREP International II had expired and the fund was not above its carried interest
threshold. BREP International II Investors that opted out of the Hilton investment opportunity are not expected to exceed the carried interest threshold in future periods. However, since gains are not earned pro-rata, it is possible that certain
BREP International II investors who participated in the Hilton investment opportunity will exceed the carried interest threshold in future periods.    The Real Estate segment has three funds in their investment period, which were above their respective carried interest thresholds as of December 31, 2018: BREP VIII, BREP Europe V and BREDS III.
   Private Equity    The following table presents the results of operations for our Private Equity segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2018 vs. 2017 
   
   
 2017 vs. 2016 
   
 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
   
 $ 
 785,223 
   
   
 $ 
 724,818 
   
   
 $ 
 555,593 
   
   
 $ 
 60,405 
   
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
 $ 
 169,225 
   
   
   
 30 
 %  
 
   Transaction, Advisory and Other Fees, Net 
   
   
 58,165 
   
   
   
 57,624 
   
   
   
 39,283 
   
   
   
 541 
   
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 18,341 
   
   
   
 47 
 %  
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
   
   
 (13,504 
 )  
   
   
 (18,007 
 )  
   
   
 (34,810 
 )  
   
   
 4,503 
   
   
   
 -25 
 %  
   
   
 16,803 
   
   
   
 -48 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
   
   
 829,884 
   
   
   
 764,435 
   
   
   
 560,066 
   
   
   
 65,449 
   
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 204,369 
   
   
   
 36 
 %  
 
   Fee Related Compensation 
   
   
 (375,446 
 )  
   
   
 (347,562 
 )  
   
   
 (298,149 
 )  
   
   
 (27,884 
 )  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 (49,413 
 )  
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
   
   
 (133,096 
 )  
   
   
 (120,997 
 )  
   
   
 (130,685 
 )  
   
   
 (12,099 
 )  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 9,688 
   
   
   
 -7 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fee Related Earnings 
   
   
 321,342 
   
   
   
 295,876 
   
   
   
 131,232 
   
   
   
 25,466 
   
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 164,644 
   
   
   
 125 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Realized Performance Revenues 
   
   
 757,406 
   
   
   
 1,157,188 
   
   
   
 245,268 
   
   
   
 (399,782 
 )  
   
   
 -35 
 %  
   
   
 911,920 
   
   
   
 372 
 %  
 
   Realized Performance Compensation 
   
   
 (318,167 
 )  
   
   
 (404,544 
 )  
   
   
 (110,882 
 )  
   
   
 86,377 
   
   
   
 -21 
 %  
   
   
 (293,662 
 )  
   
   
 265 
 %  
 
   Realized Principal Investment Income 
   
   
 109,731 
   
   
   
 154,837 
   
   
   
 73,377 
   
   
   
 (45,106 
 )  
   
   
 -29 
 %  
   
   
 81,460 
   
   
   
 111 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Realizations 
   
   
 548,970 
   
   
   
 907,481 
   
   
   
 207,763 
   
   
   
 (358,511 
 )  
   
   
 -40 
 %  
   
   
 699,718 
   
   
   
 337 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Segment Distributable Earnings 
   
 $ 
 870,312 
   
   
 $ 
 1,203,357 
   
   
 $ 
 338,995 
   
   
 $ 
 (333,045 
 )  
   
   
 -28 
 %  
   
 $ 
 864,362 
   
   
   
 255 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 N/M 
   Not meaningful.    Year Ended December 31, 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017    Segment Distributable Earnings was $870.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $333.0 million compared to $1.2 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The decrease in Distributable Earnings was primarily attributable to a decrease of $358.5 million in Net Realizations, partially offset by an increase of $25.5 million in Fee Related Earnings.  
 Segment Distributable Earnings in our Private Equity segment in 2018 were lower compared to 2017, primarily driven by lower Realized
Performance Revenues for BCP V, which had a number of large realizations in the  
      116
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
comparable 2017 period. Growing macroeconomic and geopolitical concerns, such as concerns over U.S. Federal Reserve policy, Brexit, the “trade war” with China and the rate of global
growth, contributed to volatility in the fourth quarter of 2018. Although realizations of $10.4 billion in 2018 reflected solid realization activity across corporate private equity, Tactical Opportunities and Strategic Partners, ongoing volatility
could contribute to a more challenging environment for realizations going forward. The market environment continues to be generally characterized by high prices, and this can make deployment of capital more difficult. Nonetheless, we deployed or
committed an aggregate of $19.3 billion of capital across the segment in 2018. Decelerating growth in certain sectors may contribute to a more challenging environment for our portfolio companies. In the event global markets enter a period of slower
growth relative to recent years, periods of difficult market conditions or economic slowdown (which may be across industries, sectors or geographies) may contribute to adverse operating performance at our portfolio companies. In turn, this may limit
attractive realization opportunities for our funds. To the extent interest rates continue to rise in 2019, the cost of debt financing for us and our portfolio companies will likely increase. Rising interest rates, as well as a stronger U.S. dollar
and higher inflation, would also potentially negatively impact Segment Distributable Earnings in our Private Equity segment, particularly if occurring against a backdrop of slowing economic growth. Segment Distributable Earnings in the Private
Equity segment would also potentially be negatively impacted if pressure on wages and other inputs and higher tariffs increasingly pressure profit margins. See “Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business —
Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our investment funds, making it more difficult to find opportunities for our funds to exit and
realize value from existing investments and reducing the ability of our investment funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and
condition.”    Fee Related Earnings    Fee Related Earnings was $321.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, an increase of $25.5 million, compared to $295.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2017.
The increase in Fee Related Earnings was primarily attributable to an increase of $65.4 million in Management and Advisory Fees, Net, partially offset by an increase of $27.9 million in Fee Related Compensation.  
 Management and Advisory Fees, Net were $829.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, an increase of
$65.4 million compared to $764.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, primarily driven by an increase in Base Management Fees. Base Management Fees were $785.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2018,
an increase of $60.4 million compared to $724.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, primarily due to the launch of BCP Asia and the third vintage of Tactical Opportunities.  
 Fee Related Compensation was $375.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, an increase of $27.9 million,
compared to $347.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase was primarily due to the increase in Management and Advisory Fees, Net, on which a portion of Fee Related Compensation is based, as well as investment in
our infrastructure initiative.    Net Realizations  
 Net Realizations were $549.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $358.5 million, compared to
$907.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease in Net Realizations was primarily attributable to decreases of $399.8 million in Realized Performance Revenues and $45.1 million in Realized Principal
Investment Income, partially offset by a decrease of $86.4 million in Realized Performance Compensation.    Realized
Performance Revenues were $757.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $399.8 million, compared to $1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease was primarily due to lower
Realized Performance Revenues for BCP V.  
      117
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Realized Principal Investment Income was $109.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2018, a decrease of $45.1 million, compared to $154.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease was primarily due to lower Realized Principal Investment income for BCP V.  
 Realized Performance Compensation was $318.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of
$86.4 million, compared to $404.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease was due to the decrease in Realized Performance Revenues.    Year Ended December 31, 2017 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016    Segment Distributable Earnings was $1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $864.4 million compared to $339.0 million for the year ended December 31,
2016. The increase in Distributable Earnings was primarily attributable to increases of $164.6 million in Fee Related Earnings and $699.7 million in Net Realizations.  
 Fee Related Earnings    Fee Related Earnings was $295.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $164.6 million compared to $131.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The
increase in Fee Related Earnings was primarily attributable to an increase of $204.4 million in Management and Advisory Fees, Net, partially offset by an increase of $49.4 million in Fee Related Compensation.  
 Management and Advisory Fees, Net were $764.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of
$204.4 million compared to $560.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, driven primarily by an increase in Base Management Fees. Base Management Fees were $724.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017, an increase of $169.2 million compared to $555.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, primarily due to higher management fees, as a result of the conclusion of a six-month fee holiday for BCP
VII in the fourth quarter of 2016.    The Annualized Base Management Fee Rate increased from 0.93% at December 31, 2016 to
1.07% at December 31, 2017. The increase was principally due to the conclusion of a six-month fee holiday for BCP VII, which commenced its investment period in the second quarter of 2016.  
 Fee Related Compensation was $347.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $49.4 million, compared to
$298.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was primarily due to the increase in Management and Advisory Fees, Net, on which a portion of Fee Related Compensation is based.  
 Net Realizations    Net Realizations were $907.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $699.7 million compared to $207.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The
increase in Net Realizations was primarily attributable to an increase of $911.9 million in Realized Performance Revenues, partially offset by an increase of $293.7 million in Realized Performance Compensation.  
 Realized Performance Revenues were $1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $911.9 million
compared to $245.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was primarily due to higher Realized Performance Revenues for BCP V and BCP VI.    Realized Performance Compensation was $404.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $293.7 million compared to $110.9 million for the year ended
December 31, 2016. The increase was due to the increase in Realized Performance Revenues.    Fund Returns
   Fund returns information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an
understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The fund returns information  
      118
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of The Blackstone Group L.P. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any
particular fund. An investment in The Blackstone Group L.P. is not an investment in any of our funds. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.  
 The following table presents the internal rates of return of our significant private equity funds:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 December 31, 2018 Inception to
Date 
   
 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 Realized 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Fund (a) 
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   BCP IV 
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 55 
 %  
   
   
 41 
 %  
   
   
 50 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
 
   BCP V 
   
   
 -6 
 %  
   
   
 -5 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   BCP VI 
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   BCP VII 
   
   
 43 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 65 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 38 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
 
   BEP I 
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   BEP II 
   
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 93 
 %  
   
   
 51 
 %  
   
   
 66 
 %  
   
   
 40 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
   BCOM 
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 -3 
 %  
   
   
 -4 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
 
   Tactical Opportunities 
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   Tactical Opportunities Co-Investment and Other 
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
   Strategic Partners I-Vand Co-Investment (b) 
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 -5 
 %  
   
   
 -5 
 %  
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   Strategic Partners VI LBO, RE and SMA (b) 
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
   Strategic Partners VII (b) 
   
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 103 
 %  
   
   
 82 
 %  
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 47 
 %  
   
   
 37 
 %  
 
   Strategic Partners RA II (b) 
   
   
 31 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of The Blackstone Group
L.P.      
 
 
 N/M 
   Not meaningful.  
 
 
 N/A 
   Not applicable.  
 
 
 (a) 
   Net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and Performance Revenues.
 
 
 
 (b) 
   Realizations are treated as return of capital until fully recovered and therefore inception to date realized returns are not applicable.
   The corporate private equity funds within the Private Equity segment have five funds with closed investment
periods: BCP IV, BCP V, BCP VI, BCOM and BEP I. As of December 31, 2018, BCP IV was above its carried interest threshold (i.e., the preferred return payable to its limited partners before the general partner is eligible to receive carried
interest) and would still be above its carried interest threshold even if all remaining investments were valued at zero. BCP V is comprised of two fund classes based on the timings of fund closings, the BCP V “main fund” and BCP V-AC fund.
Within these fund classes, the general partner is subject to equalization such that (a) the general partner accrues carried interest when the respective carried interest for either fund class is positive and (b) the general partner
realizes carried interest so long as clawback obligations, if any, for either of the respective fund classes are fully satisfied. During the quarter, BCP V is currently below its carried interest threshold, while BCP V-AC is above its carried
interest threshold. BCP VI is currently above its carried interest threshold. BCOM is currently above its carried interest threshold. We are entitled to retain previously realized carried interest up to 20% of BCOM’s net gains. As a result,
Performance Revenues are recognized from BCOM on current period gains and losses. BEP I is currently above its carried interest threshold.  
      119
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Hedge Fund Solutions  
 The following table presents the results of operations for our Hedge Fund Solutions segment:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2018 vs. 2017 
   
   
 2017 vs. 2016 
   
 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Management Fees, Net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
   
 $ 
 519,782 
   
   
 $ 
 516,048 
   
   
 $ 
 521,736 
   
   
 $ 
 3,734 
   
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (5,688 
 )  
   
   
 -1 
 %  
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
   
   
 3,180 
   
   
   
 2,980 
   
   
   
 1,061 
   
   
   
 200 
   
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 1,919 
   
   
   
 181 
 %  
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
   
   
 (93 
 )  
   
   
 (93 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (93 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management Fees, Net 
   
   
 522,869 
   
   
   
 518,935 
   
   
   
 522,797 
   
   
   
 3,934 
   
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 (3,862 
 )  
   
   
 -1 
 %  
 
   Fee Related Compensation 
   
   
 (162,172 
 )  
   
   
 (146,924 
 )  
   
   
 (153,645 
 )  
   
   
 (15,248 
 )  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 6,721 
   
   
   
 -4 
 %  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
   
   
 (77,772 
 )  
   
   
 (68,265 
 )  
   
   
 (75,870 
 )  
   
   
 (9,507 
 )  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 7,605 
   
   
   
 -10 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fee Related Earnings 
   
   
 282,925 
   
   
   
 303,746 
   
   
   
 293,282 
   
   
   
 (20,821 
 )  
   
   
 -7 
 %  
   
   
 10,464 
   
   
   
 4 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Realized Performance Revenues 
   
   
 42,419 
   
   
   
 154,343 
   
   
   
 42,177 
   
   
   
 (111,924 
 )  
   
   
 -73 
 %  
   
   
 112,166 
   
   
   
 266 
 %  
 
   Realized Performance Compensation 
   
   
 (21,792 
 )  
   
   
 (40,707 
 )  
   
   
 (15,029 
 )  
   
   
 18,915 
   
   
   
 -46 
 %  
   
   
 (25,678 
 )  
   
   
 171 
 %  
 
   Realized Principal Investment Income (Loss) 
   
   
 17,039 
   
   
   
 9,074 
   
   
   
 (7,224 
 )  
   
   
 7,965 
   
   
   
 88 
 %  
   
   
 16,298 
   
   
   
 N/M 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Realizations 
   
   
 37,666 
   
   
   
 122,710 
   
   
   
 19,924 
   
   
   
 (85,044 
 )  
   
   
 -69 
 %  
   
   
 102,786 
   
   
   
 516 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Segment Distributable Earnings 
   
 $ 
 320,591 
   
   
 $ 
 426,456 
   
   
 $ 
 313,206 
   
   
 $ 
 (105,865 
 )  
   
   
 -25 
 %  
   
 $ 
 113,250 
   
   
   
 36 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 N/M 
   Not meaningful.    Year Ended December 31, 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017    Segment Distributable Earnings was $320.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $105.9 million compared to $426.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The decrease in Distributable Earnings was primarily attributable to decreases of $20.8 million in Fee Related Earnings and $85.0 million in Net Realizations.  
 Segment Distributable Earnings in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment in 2018 were lower compared to 2017 driven primarily by lower Realized
Performance Revenues as a result of lower returns in a number of strategies, including equities and credit. Segment Distributable Earnings in the Hedge Fund Solutions segment would likely be negatively impacted in the event of a significant or
sustained decline in global, regional or sector asset prices, deterioration of global market conditions, or withdrawal of assets by investors as a result of liquidity needs, performance or other reasons. In addition, Segment Distributable Earnings
in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment may be negatively impacted by a prolonged weak equity market environment, which may be caused by concerns over macroeconomic and geopolitical factors such as a rise in interest rate and concerns over Brexit, the
“trade war” with China and the rate of global growth. See “Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by
reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our investment funds, making it more difficult to find opportunities for our funds to exit and realize value from existing investments and reducing the ability of our investment funds to
raise or deploy capital, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition” and “— Hedge fund investments are subject to numerous additional
risks.” The segment operates multiple business lines, manages strategies that are both long and short asset classes and generates a majority of its revenue through management fees, which we believe may provide a level of downside protection to
Hedge Fund Solutions Segment Distributable Earnings. Over time we anticipate an increasing change in the mix of our product offerings to products whose performance based fees represent a more significant proportion of the fees than has historically
been the case for such products.  
      120
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Fee Related Earnings  
 Fee Related Earnings was $282.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $20.8 million, compared to
$303.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease in Fee Related Earnings was primarily attributable to increases of $15.2 million in Fee Related Compensation and $9.5 million in Other Operating Expenses.
   Fee Related Compensation was $162.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, an increase of
$15.2 million, compared to $146.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase was primarily due to a lower deferral on Compensation.    Other Operating Expenses were $77.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, an increase of $9.5 million, compared to $68.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The increase was primarily due to an increase in professional fees, including legal expenses.  
 Net Realizations    Net Realizations were $37.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $85.0 million, compared to $122.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2017.
The decrease in Net Realizations was primarily attributable to a decrease of $111.9 million in Realized Performance Revenues, partially offset by a decrease of $18.9 million in Realized Performance Compensation.  
 Realized Performance Revenues were $42.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $111.9 million,
compared to $154.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease was primarily driven by lower returns across a number of strategies, including customized solutions, commingled products, individual investor and
specialized solutions, compared to the year ended December 31, 2017.    Realized Performance Compensation was
$21.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $18.9 million, compared to $40.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease was due to the decrease in Realized Performance
Revenues.    Year Ended December 31, 2017 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016  
 Segment Distributable Earnings was $426.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $113.3 million
compared to $313.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase in Distributable Earnings was primarily attributable to an increase of $102.8 million in Net Realizations, while Fee Related Earnings stayed relatively
flat.    Net Realizations    Net Realizations were $122.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $102.8 million compared to $19.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2016.
The increase in Net Realizations was primarily attributable to increases of $112.2 million in Realized Performance Revenues and $16.3 million in Realized Principal Investment Income, partially offset by an increase of $25.7 million in
Realized Performance Compensation.    Realized Performance Revenues were $154.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017, an increase of $112.2 million compared to $42.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase in Realized Performance Revenues in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment was primarily driven by
higher returns in our BPS Composite, 8.3% gross (7.3% net) for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to 3.5% gross (2.7% net) for the year ended December 31, 2016.  
 Realized Principal Investment Income was $9.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of
$16.3 million, compared to $(7.2) million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was primarily driven by the year over year net appreciation of investments of which Blackstone owns a share.  
      121
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Realized Performance Compensation was $40.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017, an increase of $25.7 million compared to $15.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was due to the increase in Realized Performance Revenues.  
 Operating Metrics    The following table presents information regarding our Incentive Fee-Earning Assets Under Management:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fee-Earning Assets Under Management Eligible for Incentive Fees 
   
    
 Estimated % Above High Water Mark/Benchmark (a) 
   
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Hedge Fund Solutions Managed Funds (b) 
    
 $ 
 42,393,275 
   
    
 $ 
 41,238,330 
   
    
 $ 
 36,664,203 
   
    
   
 46 
 %  
   
   
 91 
 %  
   
   
 78 
 %  
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Estimated % Above High Water Mark/Benchmark represents the percentage of Fee-Earning Assets Under Management Eligible for Incentive Fees that
as of the dates presented would earn incentive fees when the applicable Hedge Fund Solutions managed fund has positive investment performance relative to a benchmark, where applicable. Incremental positive performance in the applicable Blackstone
Funds may cause additional assets to reach their respective High Water Mark or clear a benchmark return, thereby resulting in an increase in Estimated % Above High Water Mark/Benchmark.  
 
 
 (b) 
   For the Hedge Fund Solutions managed funds, at December 31, 2018, the incremental appreciation needed for the 54% of Fee-Earning Assets
Under Management below their respective High Water Marks/Benchmarks to reach their respective High Water Marks/Benchmarks was $856.7 million, an increase of $457.2 million, compared to $399.6 million at December 31, 2017. Of the
Fee-Earning Assets Under Management below their respective High Water Marks/ Benchmarks as of December 31, 2018, 91% were within 5% of reaching their respective High Water Mark.  
 Composite Returns    Composite returns information is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The composite returns information
reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of The Blackstone Group L.P. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of any particular fund. An investment in The Blackstone Group L.P. is
not an investment in any of our funds or composites. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or composites or our other existing and future funds or composites will achieve similar returns.  
 The following table presents the return information of the BAAM Principal Solutions Composite:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Average Annual Returns (a) 
   
 
   
    
 Periods Ended December 31, 2018 
   
 
   
    
 One Year 
   
   
 Three Year 
   
   
 Five Year 
   
   
 Historical 
   
 
   Composite 
    
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   BAAM Principal Solutions Composite (b) 
    
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of The Blackstone Group
L.P.      
 
 
 (a) 
   Composite returns present a summarized asset-weighted return measure to evaluate the overall performance of the applicable class of Blackstone
Funds.  
 
 
 (b) 
   BAAM’s Principal Solutions (“BPS”) Composite covers the period from January 2000 to present, although BAAM’s inception
date is September 1990. The BPS Composite includes only BAAM-managed commingled and customized multi-manager funds and accounts. None of the other platforms/strategies managed through the Blackstone Hedge Fund Solutions Group are included in the
composite (except for investments by BPS funds/ 
      122
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 
accounts directly into those platforms/strategies). BAAM-managed funds in liquidation and non-fee-paying assets (in the case of net returns) are excluded from the composite. The historical return
is from January 1, 2000.    Credit  
 The following table presents the results of operations for our Credit segment:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2018 vs. 2017 
   
   
 2017 vs. 2016 
   
 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Management Fees, Net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
   
 $ 
 553,921 
   
   
 $ 
 567,334 
   
   
 $ 
 525,289 
   
   
 $ 
 (13,413 
 )  
   
   
 -2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 42,045 
   
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
   
   
 15,640 
   
   
   
 13,431 
   
   
   
 9,190 
   
   
   
 2,209 
   
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 4,241 
   
   
   
 46 
 %  
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
   
   
 (12,332 
 )  
   
   
 (32,382 
 )  
   
   
 (37,512 
 )  
   
   
 20,050 
   
   
   
 -62 
 %  
   
   
 5,130 
   
   
   
 -14 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management Fees, Net 
   
   
 557,229 
   
   
   
 548,383 
   
   
   
 496,967 
   
   
   
 8,846 
   
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 51,416 
   
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
   Fee Related Performance Revenues 
   
   
 (666 
 )  
   
   
 89,945 
   
   
   
 83,252 
   
   
   
 (90,611 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
   
   
   
 6,693 
   
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   Fee Related Compensation 
   
   
 (219,098 
 )  
   
   
 (253,842 
 )  
   
   
 (223,313 
 )  
   
   
 34,744 
   
   
   
 -14 
 %  
   
   
 (30,529 
 )  
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
   
   
 (131,200 
 )  
   
   
 (99,562 
 )  
   
   
 (87,700 
 )  
   
   
 (31,638 
 )  
   
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 (11,862 
 )  
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fee Related Earnings 
   
   
 206,265 
   
   
   
 284,924 
   
   
   
 269,206 
   
   
   
 (78,659 
 )  
   
   
 -28 
 %  
   
   
 15,718 
   
   
   
 6 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Realized Performance Revenues 
   
   
 96,962 
   
   
   
 194,902 
   
   
   
 43,210 
   
   
   
 (97,940 
 )  
   
   
 -50 
 %  
   
   
 151,692 
   
   
   
 351 
 %  
 
   Realized Performance Compensation 
   
   
 (53,863 
 )  
   
   
 (100,834 
 )  
   
   
 (22,199 
 )  
   
   
 46,971 
   
   
   
 -47 
 %  
   
   
 (78,635 
 )  
   
   
 354 
 %  
 
   Realized Principal Investment Income 
   
   
 16,763 
   
   
   
 16,380 
   
   
   
 11,004 
   
   
   
 383 
   
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 5,376 
   
   
   
 49 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Realizations 
   
   
 59,862 
   
   
   
 110,448 
   
   
   
 32,015 
   
   
   
 (50,586 
 )  
   
   
 -46 
 %  
   
   
 78,433 
   
   
   
 245 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Segment Distributable Earnings 
   
 $ 
 266,127 
   
   
 $ 
 395,372 
   
   
 $ 
 301,221 
   
   
 $ 
 (129,245 
 )  
   
   
 -33 
 %  
   
 $ 
 94,151 
   
   
   
 31 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 N/M 
   Not meaningful.    Year Ended December 31, 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017    Segment Distributable Earnings was $266.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $129.2 million compared to $395.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The decrease in Distributable Earnings was primarily attributable to decreases of $78.7 million in Fee Related Earnings and $50.6 million in Net Realizations.  
 Segment Distributable Earnings in our Credit segment in 2018 were lower compared to 2017, primarily driven by lower Fee Related Earnings
a as a result of the conclusion of our investment sub-advisory relationship with FS Investments in April 2018. Lower Segment Distributable Earnings were also driven by lower Net Realizations in 2018 compared to 2017 as a result of a mezzanine fund
crossing its carried interest threshold in 2017, which resulted in higher Realized Performance Revenues in such prior period. In 2018, the investment pace across our Credit segment remained active, with $7.6 billion of capital deployed. To the
extent interest rates continue to rise in 2019, and such rise occurs concurrently with a period of economic weakness or slowdown in growth, capital deployment in our Credit segment may be challenged. In addition, interest rate increases could
adversely affect Segment Distributable Earnings in our Credit segment, although we believe our current portfolio is somewhat insulated because much of our debt portfolio is floating rate, short duration and/or held to maturity. Our Segment
Distributable Earnings in our Credit segment may also be negatively impacted by our failure to accurately assess and react to risk, such as, for example, a sustained period of depressed energy and commodity prices or weakened market fundamentals,
which may lead to, among other things, ratings downgrades. See “Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the
value or performance of the investments made by our investment funds, making it more difficult to find opportunities for our funds to exit and realize value from existing investments and reducing
 
      123
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
the ability of our investment funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and
condition.”    Fee Related Earnings    Fee Related Earnings was $206.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $78.7 million, compared to $284.9 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The decrease in Fee Related Earnings was primarily attributable to a decrease of $90.6 million in Fee Related Performance Revenues and an increase of $31.6 million in Other Operating Expenses, partially offset
by a decrease of $34.7 million in Fee Related Compensation.    Fee Related Performance Revenues were $(0.7) million
for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $90.6 million, compared to $89.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease was due to the conclusion of our sub-advisory relationship with FS
Investments (see “— Notable Transactions”).    Other Operating Expenses were $131.2 million for the year
ended December 31, 2018, an increase of $31.6 million, compared to $99.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase was primarily due to the growth in our new business initiatives, including our BIS, as
well as a full year of Harvest-related expenses following its acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2017.    Fee Related
Compensation was $219.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $34.7 million, compared to $253.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in
Fee Related Performance Revenues, on which a portion of Fee Related Compensation is based.    Net Realizations
   Net Realizations were $59.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $50.6 million,
compared to $110.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease in Net Realizations was primarily attributable to a decrease of $97.9 million in Realized Performance Revenues, partially offset by a decrease of
$47.0 million in Realized Performance Compensation.    Realized Performance Revenues were $97.0 million for the year
ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $97.9 million, compared to $194.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The decrease was primarily attributable to a mezzanine fund crossing its carry threshold during the
year ended December 31, 2017, resulting in higher Realized Performance Revenues compared to the year ended December 31, 2018.    Realized Performance Compensation was $53.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of $47.0 million, compared to $100.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The decrease was due to the decrease in Realized Performance Revenues.    Year Ended
December 31, 2017 Compared to December 31, 2016    Segment Distributable Earnings was $395.4 million for the
year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $94.2 million compared to $301.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase in Distributable Earnings was primarily attributable to increases of $15.7 million in
Fee Related Earnings and $78.4 million in Net Realizations.    Fee Related Earnings  
 Fee Related Earnings was $284.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $15.7 million, compared
to $269.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase in Fee Related Earnings was primarily attributable to an increase of $51.4 million in Management Fees, Net, partially offset by increases of $30.5 million in
Fee Related Compensation and $11.9 million in Other Operating Expenses.  
      124
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Management Fees, Net were $548.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017, an increase of $51.4 million compared to $497.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was primarily attributable to our performing credit and energy portfolios, as well as
Harvest.    The Annualized Base Management Fee Rate decreased from 0.78% at December 31, 2016 to 0.56% at
December 31, 2017. The decrease was principally due to the inclusion of our insurance solutions initiative and the related fee holiday in the fourth quarter of 2017.    Fee Related Compensation was $253.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $30.5 million, compared to $223.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2016. The increase was primarily due to the increase in Management Fees, Net, on which a portion of Fee Related Compensation is based.    Other Operating Expenses were $99.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $11.9 million compared to $87.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2016. The increase was driven by increases in professional fees, fundraising costs and certain one-time expenses.    Net Realizations    Net Realizations were $110.4 million for the year
ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $78.4 million compared to $32.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase in Net Realizations was primarily attributable to an increase of $151.7 million in
Realized Performance Revenues, partially offset by an increase of $78.6 million in Realized Performance Compensation.  
 Realized Performance Revenues were $194.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $151.7 million
compared to $43.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was primarily attributable to a mezzanine fund crossing its carry threshold during the year ended December 31, 2017, resulting in higher Realized
Performance Revenues compared to the year ended December 31, 2016.    Realized Performance Compensation was
$100.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $78.6 million compared to $22.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was due to the increase in Realized Performance
Revenues.    Fund Returns    Fund return information for our significant businesses is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The fund
returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of The Blackstone Group L.P. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of any particular fund. An investment in The
Blackstone Group L.P. is not an investment in any of our funds. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.  
 The following table presents combined internal rates of return of the segment’s performing credit and distressed strategies funds:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 Inception to December 31, 2018 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Composite (a) 
    
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   Performing Credit Strategies (b) 
    
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   Distressed Strategies (c) 
    
   
 -3 
 %  
   
   
 -3 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
 
      125
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of The
Blackstone Group L.P.      
 
 
 (a) 
   Net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and Performance Allocations,
net of tax advances.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Performing Credit Strategies include mezzanine lending funds, BDCs and other performing credit strategy funds. Performing Credit
Strategies’ returns represent the IRR of the combined cash flows of the  fee-earning  funds exceeding $100 million of fair value at each respective quarter end excluding the Blackstone Funds that were
contributed to GSO as part of Blackstone’s acquisition of GSO in March 2008. The inception to date returns are from July 16, 2007.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Distressed Strategies include stressed/distressed funds, credit alpha strategies and energy strategies. Distressed Strategies’ returns
represent the IRR of the combined cash flows of the  fee-earning  funds exceeding $100 million of fair value at each respective quarter end. The inception to date returns are from August 1, 2005.
   As of December 31, 2018, there was $15.4 billion of Performance Revenue eligible assets under
management invested in Credit strategies that were above the hurdle necessary to generate Incentive Fees or Performance Allocations. This represented 34% of the total Performance Revenue eligible assets at fair value across all Credit strategies.
   Non-GAAP Financial Measures    These non-GAAP financial measures are presented without the consolidation of any Blackstone Funds that are consolidated into the Consolidated Financial Statements. Consequently, all non-GAAP financial
measures exclude the assets, liabilities and operating results related to the Blackstone Funds. See “— Key Financial Measures and Indicators” for our definitions of Distributable Earnings, Segment Distributable Earnings, Fee Related
Earnings and Adjusted EBITDA.    Effective July 1, 2018, Fee Related Earnings has been redefined to include Fee Related
Performance Revenues and Fee Related Performance Compensation. There was no change to Distributable Earnings. All prior periods have been recast to reflect this definition.    Effective as of and for the three months ended December 31, 2018, Blackstone senior management determined that Segment Distributable Earnings, and not Economic Income, is the measure that it uses to
assess the performance of its business segments. Segment Distributable Earnings is used by management to make operating decisions, allocate resources and determine the compensation of employees across all of its business segments. All prior periods
have been recast to reflect these updates.  
      126
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following table is a reconciliation of Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone
Group L.P. to Distributable Earnings, Total Segment Distributable Earnings, Fee Related Earnings and Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016:  
         


 
      
 
 
 (a) 
   This adjustment removes Transaction-Related Charges, which are excluded from Blackstone’s segment presentation. Transaction-Related
Charges arise from corporate actions including acquisitions, divestitures, and Blackstone’s initial public offering. They consist primarily of equity-based compensation charges, gains and losses on contingent consideration arrangements, changes
in the balance of the tax receivable agreement resulting from a change in tax law or similar event, transaction costs and any gains or losses associated with these corporate actions.  
 
 
 (b) 
   This adjustment removes the amortization of transaction-related intangibles, which are excluded from Blackstone’s segment presentation.
This amount includes amortization of intangibles associated with Blackstone’s investment in Pátria, which is accounted for under the equity method.  
      127
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 (c) 
   This adjustment reverses the effect of consolidating Blackstone Funds, which are excluded from Blackstone’s segment presentation. This
adjustment includes the elimination of Blackstone’s interest in these funds, the increase to revenue representing the reimbursement of certain expenses by Blackstone Funds, which are presented gross under GAAP but netted against Other Operating
Expenses in the segment presentation, and the removal of amounts associated with the ownership of Blackstone consolidated operating partnerships held by non-controlling interests.  
 
 
 (d) 
   This adjustment removes Unrealized Performance Revenues on a segment basis. The Segment Adjustment represents the add back of performance
revenues earned from consolidated Blackstone Funds which have been eliminated in consolidation.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   GAAP Unrealized Performance Allocations 
    
 $ 
 561,373 
   
    
 $ 
 (105,473 
 )  
    
 $ 
 530,114 
   
 
   Segment Adjustment 
    
   
 (210 
 )  
    
   
 41 
   
    
   
 6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Unrealized Performance Revenues 
    
 $ 
 561,163 
   
    
 $ 
 (105,432 
 )  
    
 $ 
 530,120 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (e) 
   This adjustment removes Unrealized Performance Allocations Compensation.  
 
 
 (f) 
   This adjustment removes Unrealized Principal Investment Income (Loss) on a segment basis. The Segment Adjustment represents (1) the add
back of Principal Investment Income, including general partner income, earned from consolidated Blackstone Funds which have been eliminated in consolidation, and (2) the removal of amounts associated with the ownership of Blackstone
consolidated operating partnerships held by non-controlling interests.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   GAAP Unrealized Principal Investment Income 
    
 $ 
 49,917 
   
    
 $ 
 42,605 
   
    
 $ 
 77,314 
   
 
   Segment Adjustment 
    
   
 (115,768 
 )  
    
   
 (173,811 
 )  
    
   
 (56,893 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Unrealized Principal Investment Income (Loss) 
    
 $ 
 (65,851 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (131,206 
 )  
    
 $ 
 20,421 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (g) 
   This adjustment removes Other Revenues on a segment basis. The Segment Adjustment represents (1) the add back of Other Revenues earned
from consolidated Blackstone Funds which have been eliminated in consolidation, and (2) the removal of certain Transaction-Related Charges. For the year ended December 31, 2018, Transaction-Related Charges included $580.9 million
of Other Revenues received upon the conclusion of Blackstone’s investment sub-advisory relationship with FS Investments’ funds.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   GAAP Other Revenue 
    
 $ 
 672,317 
   
    
 $ 
 (133,229 
 )  
    
 $ 
 54,753 
   
 
   Segment Adjustment 
    
   
 (582,849 
 )  
    
   
 (6,822 
 )  
    
   
 (41 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Other Revenue 
    
 $ 
 89,468 
   
    
 $ 
 (140,051 
 )  
    
 $ 
 54,712 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (h) 
   This adjustment removes Equity-Based Compensation on a segment basis.  
 
 
 (i) 
   Taxes represent the total GAAP tax provision adjusted to include only the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on Income (Loss) Before
Provision for Taxes and adjusted to exclude the tax impact of any  
      128
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 
divestitures. Related Payables represent tax-related payables including the amount payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Taxes 
    
 $ 
 90,022 
   
    
 $ 
 101,531 
   
    
 $ 
 92,263 
   
 
   Related Payables 
    
   
 63,843 
   
    
   
 88,457 
   
    
   
 74,886 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Taxes and Related Payables 
    
 $ 
 153,865 
   
    
 $ 
 189,988 
   
    
 $ 
 167,149 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (j) 
   This adjustment removes Interest and Dividend Revenue less Interest Expense on a segment basis. The Segment Adjustment represents (1) the
add back of Other Revenues earned from consolidated Blackstone Funds which have been eliminated in consolidation, and (2) the removal of interest expense associated with the Tax Receivable Agreement.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   GAAP Interest and Dividend Revenue 
    
 $ 
 171,947 
   
    
 $ 
 139,696 
   
    
 $ 
 95,724 
   
 
   Segment Adjustment 
    
   
 9,816 
   
    
   
 3,224 
   
    
   
 675 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
    
   
 181,763 
   
    
   
 142,920 
   
    
   
 96,399 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   GAAP Interest Expense 
    
   
 163,990 
   
    
   
 197,486 
   
    
   
 152,654 
   
 
   Segment Adjustment 
    
   
 (4,152 
 )  
    
   
 (4,648 
 )  
    
   
 (4,632 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Interest Expense 
    
   
 159,838 
   
    
   
 192,838 
   
    
   
 148,022 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Interest Income (Loss) 
    
 $ 
 21,925 
   
    
 $ 
 (49,918 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (51,623 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (k) 
   This adjustment removes the total segment amounts of Realized Performance Revenues.  
 
 
 (l) 
   This adjustment removes the total segment amounts of Realized Performance Compensation.  
 
 
 (m) 
   This adjustment removes the total segment amount of Realized Principal Investment Income.  
 
 
 (n) 
   This adjustment adds back Interest Expense on a segment basis.    Liquidity and Capital Resources    General  
 Blackstone’s business model derives revenue primarily from third party assets under management. Blackstone is not a capital or
balance sheet intensive business and targets operating expense levels such that total management and advisory fees exceed total operating expenses each period. As a result, we require limited capital resources to support the working capital or
operating needs of our businesses. We draw primarily on the long-term committed capital of our limited partner investors to fund the investment requirements of the Blackstone Funds and use our own realizations and cash flows to invest in growth
initiatives, make commitments to our own funds, where our minimum general partner commitments are generally less than 5% of the limited partner commitments of a fund, and pay distributions to unitholders.  
 Fluctuations in our statement of financial condition result primarily from activities of the Blackstone Funds which are consolidated as
well as business transactions, such as the issuance of senior notes described below. The majority economic ownership interests of the Blackstone Funds are reflected as Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities, and
Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The consolidation of these Blackstone Funds has no net effect on the Partnership’s Net Income or Partners’ Capital. Additionally, fluctuations in
our statement of financial condition also include appreciation or depreciation in Blackstone investments in the Blackstone Funds, additional investments and redemptions of such interests in the Blackstone Funds and the collection of receivables
related to management and advisory fees.  
      129
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Total assets were $28.9 billion as of December 31, 2018, a net decrease of $5.5
billion from December 31, 2017. The decrease was principally due to a decrease of $6.3 billion in total assets attributable to consolidated Blackstone funds. The decrease in total assets attributable to consolidated Blackstone funds was
primarily due to a decrease of $8.9 billion from the deconsolidation of CLOs and other fund entities, partially offset by an increase of $2.7 billion from the launch of new consolidated CLOs.  
 Total liabilities were $15.2 billion as of December 31, 2018, a net decrease of $5.5 billion from December 31, 2017. The
decrease was principally due to a decrease of $5.9 billion in total liabilities attributable to consolidated Blackstone funds. The decrease in total liabilities attributable to consolidated Blackstone funds was primarily due to a decrease of $8.7
billion from the deconsolidation of CLOs and other fund entities, partially offset by an increase of $2.7 billion from the launch of new consolidated CLOs.    The deconsolidation of the CLOs and fund vehicles was the result of the dilution of Blackstone’s ownership interests in these vehicles during the year ended December 31, 2018. As a result of the
dilution, Blackstone determined that it was no longer the primary beneficiary of these VIEs under GAAP guidance and deconsolidated these vehicles. See Note 9. “Variable Interest Entities” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements” in “Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.    Sources and Uses of
Liquidity    We have multiple sources of liquidity to meet our capital needs, including annual cash flows, accumulated
earnings in the businesses, the proceeds from our issuances of senior notes, liquid investments we hold on our balance sheet for our own use and access to our $1.6 billion committed revolving credit facility. On September 21, 2018, Blackstone
amended and restated its revolving credit facility to, among other things, increase the amount of the revolving credit facility from $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion and to extend the maturity date of the revolving credit facility from August 31,
2021 to September 21, 2023. As of December 31, 2018, Blackstone had $2.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents, $2.5 billion invested in corporate treasury investment, $1.9 billion invested in Blackstone Funds and other
investments, against $3.5 billion in borrowings from our bond issuances, and no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility.    In addition to the cash we received from our debt offerings and availability under our committed revolving credit facility, we expect to receive (a) cash generated from operating activities,
(b) Performance Allocations and Incentive Fee realizations, and (c) realizations on the carry and hedge fund investments that we make. The amounts received from these three sources in particular may vary substantially from year to year and
quarter to quarter depending on the frequency and size of realization events or net returns experienced by our investment funds. Our available capital could be adversely affected if there are prolonged periods of few substantial realizations from
our investment funds accompanied by substantial capital calls for new investments from those investment funds. Therefore, Blackstone’s commitments to our funds are taken into consideration when managing our overall liquidity and cash position.
   We expect that our primary liquidity needs will be cash to (a) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing
businesses which principally includes funding our general partner and co-investment commitments to our funds, (b) provide capital to facilitate our expansion into new businesses that are complementary, (c) pay operating expenses, including
cash compensation to our employees and other obligations as they arise, (d) fund modest capital expenditures, (e) repay borrowings and related interest costs, (f) pay income taxes, (g) repurchase our common units and Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units pursuant to our unit repurchase program and (h) make distributions to  
      130
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
our unitholders and the holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Our own capital commitments to our funds, the funds we invest in and our investment strategies as of December 31,
2018 consisted of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Blackstone and General Partner 
   
    
 Senior Managing Directors and Certain Other Professionals (a) 
   
 
   Fund 
    
 Original Commitment 
   
    
 Remaining Commitment 
   
    
 Original Commitment 
   
    
 Remaining Commitment 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Real Estate 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   BREP VII 
    
 $ 
 300,000 
   
    
 $ 
 44,053 
   
    
 $ 
 100,000 
   
    
 $ 
 14,684 
   
 
   BREP VIII 
    
   
 300,000 
   
    
   
 105,197 
   
    
   
 100,000 
   
    
   
 35,066 
   
 
   BREP IX 
    
   
 300,000 
   
    
   
 300,000 
   
    
   
 100,000 
   
    
   
 100,000 
   
 
   BREP Europe III 
    
   
 100,000 
   
    
   
 13,231 
   
    
   
 35,000 
   
    
   
 4,410 
   
 
   BREP Europe IV 
    
   
 130,000 
   
    
   
 23,842 
   
    
   
 43,333 
   
    
   
 7,947 
   
 
   BREP Europe V 
    
   
 150,000 
   
    
   
 66,991 
   
    
   
 43,333 
   
    
   
 22,330 
   
 
   BREP Asia I 
    
   
 50,000 
   
    
   
 14,809 
   
    
   
 16,667 
   
    
   
 4,936 
   
 
   BREP Asia II 
    
   
 70,707 
   
    
   
 62,439 
   
    
   
 23,569 
   
    
   
 20,813 
   
 
   BREDS II 
    
   
 50,000 
   
    
   
 6,227 
   
    
   
 16,667 
   
    
   
 2,076 
   
 
   BREDS III 
    
   
 50,000 
   
    
   
 21,942 
   
    
   
 16,667 
   
    
   
 7,314 
   
 
   BPP 
    
   
 108,320 
   
    
   
 29,484 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Other (b) 
    
   
 64,984 
   
    
   
 10,717 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Private Equity 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   BCP V 
    
   
 629,356 
   
    
   
 30,642 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   BCP VI 
    
   
 719,718 
   
    
   
 107,631 
   
    
   
 250,000 
   
    
   
 37,386 
   
 
   BCP VII 
    
   
 500,000 
   
    
   
 293,509 
   
    
   
 225,000 
   
    
   
 132,079 
   
 
   BEP I 
    
   
 50,000 
   
    
   
 4,728 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   BEP II 
    
   
 80,000 
   
    
   
 28,535 
   
    
   
 26,667 
   
    
   
 9,512 
   
 
   BEP III 
    
   
 68,939 
   
    
   
 68,939 
   
    
   
 22,980 
   
    
   
 22,980 
   
 
   BCEP 
    
   
 120,000 
   
    
   
 66,408 
   
    
   
 18,992 
   
    
   
 10,510 
   
 
   BCP Asia 
    
   
 40,000 
   
    
   
 37,961 
   
    
   
 13,333 
   
    
   
 12,654 
   
 
   Tactical Opportunities 
    
   
 402,821 
   
    
   
 252,382 
   
    
   
 116,540 
   
    
   
 84,127 
   
 
   Strategic Partners 
    
   
 416,150 
   
    
   
 221,313 
   
    
   
 58,627 
   
    
   
 27,650 
   
 
   BIP 
    
   
 112,333 
   
    
   
 112,333 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Blackstone Life Sciences 
    
   
 10,500 
   
    
   
 9,188 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Other (b) 
    
   
 255,307 
   
    
   
 28,377 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Hedge Fund Solutions 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Strategic Alliance 
    
   
 50,000 
   
    
   
 2,033 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Strategic Alliance II 
    
   
 50,000 
   
    
   
 1,482 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Strategic Alliance III 
    
   
 22,000 
   
    
   
 17,379 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Strategic Holdings LP 
    
   
 154,610 
   
    
   
 97,476 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Other (b) 
    
   
 4,200 
   
    
   
 2,410 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Credit 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Capital Opportunities Fund II LP 
    
   
 120,000 
   
    
   
 33,950 
   
    
   
 110,527 
   
    
   
 31,270 
   
 
   Capital Opportunities Fund III LP 
    
   
 130,783 
   
    
   
 77,334 
   
    
   
 30,431 
   
    
   
 18,304 
   
 
   GSO Euro Senior Debt Fund LP 
    
   
 63,000 
   
    
   
 19,358 
   
    
   
 57,194 
   
    
   
 17,574 
   
 
   GSO Capital Solutions 
    
   
 50,000 
   
    
   
 5,780 
   
    
   
 27,666 
   
    
   
 3,198 
   
 
   GSO Capital Solutions II 
    
   
 125,000 
   
    
   
 52,036 
   
    
   
 120,534 
   
    
   
 50,177 
   
 
   GSO Capital Solutions III 
    
   
 151,000 
   
    
   
 136,377 
   
    
   
 30,542 
   
    
   
 27,589 
   
 
   GSO Energy Select Opportunities Fund 
    
   
 80,000 
   
    
   
 41,942 
   
    
   
 74,742 
   
    
   
 39,186 
   
 
   GSO Energy Select Opportunities Fund II 
    
   
 40,165 
   
    
   
 40,165 
   
    
   
 13,388 
   
    
   
 13,388 
   
 
   GSO Credit Alpha Fund LP 
    
   
 52,102 
   
    
   
 7,465 
   
    
   
 50,285 
   
    
   
 7,205 
   
 
   GSO Credit Alpha Fund II LP 
    
   
 25,500 
   
    
   
 22,400 
   
    
   
 5,979 
   
    
   
 5,225 
   
 
   Other (b) 
    
   
 166,737 
   
    
   
 55,239 
   
    
   
 21,672 
   
    
   
 5,117 
   
 
   Other 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Treasury 
    
   
 263,759 
   
    
   
 72,734 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 6,627,991 
   
    
 $ 
 2,646,438 
   
    
 $ 
 1,770,335 
   
    
 $ 
 774,707 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      131
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
    
 
 
 (a) 
   For some of the general partner commitments shown in the table above we require our senior managing directors and certain other professionals
to fund a portion of the commitment even though the ultimate obligation to fund the aggregate commitment is ours pursuant to the governing agreements of the respective funds. The amounts of the aggregate applicable general partner original and
remaining commitment are shown in the table above. In addition, certain senior managing directors and other professionals are required to fund a de minimis amount of the commitment in the other private equity, real estate and credit-focused carry
funds. We expect our commitments to be drawn down over time and to be funded by available cash and cash generated from operations and realizations. Taking into account prevailing market conditions and both the liquidity and cash or liquid investment
balances, we believe that the sources of liquidity described above will be more than sufficient to fund our working capital requirements.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Represents capital commitments to a number of other funds in each respective segment.  
 As of December 31, 2018, Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. (the “Issuer”), an indirect subsidiary of the Partnership,
had issued and outstanding the following senior notes (collectively the “Notes”):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Senior Notes (a) 
    
 Aggregate Principal Amount (Dollars/Euros in Thousands) 
   


 
   5.875%, Due 3/15/2021 
    
 $ 
 400,000 
   
 
   4.750%, Due 2/15/2023 
    
 $ 
 400,000 
   
 
   2.000%, Due 5/19/2025 
    
 € 
 300,000 
   
 
   1.000%, Due 10/5/2026 
    
 € 
 600,000 
   
 
   3.150%, Due 10/2/2027 
    
 $ 
 300,000 
   
 
   6.250%, Due 8/15/2042 
    
 $ 
 250,000 
   
 
   5.000%, Due 6/15/2044 
    
 $ 
 500,000 
   
 
   4.450%, Due 7/15/2045 
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
 
   4.000%, Due 10/2/2047 
    
 $ 
 300,000 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   The Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by
The Blackstone Group L.P. and each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. The Notes contain customary covenants and financial restrictions that, among other things, limit the Issuer and the guarantors’ ability, subject to certain exceptions,
to incur indebtedness secured by liens on voting stock or profit participating equity interests of their subsidiaries or merge, consolidate or sell, transfer or lease assets. The Notes also contain customary events of default. All or a portion of
the Notes may be redeemed at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, prior to their stated maturity, at the make-whole redemption price set forth in the Notes. If a change of control repurchase event occurs, the Notes are
subject to repurchase at the repurchase price as set forth in the Notes.    Blackstone, through indirect
subsidiaries, has a $1.6 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Credit Facility”) with Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent with a maturity date of September 21, 2023. Borrowings may also be made in U.K. sterling, euros,
Swiss francs, Japanese yen or Canadian dollars, in each case subject to certain sub-limits. The Credit Facility contains customary representations, covenants and events of default. Financial covenants consist of a maximum net leverage ratio and a
requirement to keep a minimum amount of fee-earning assets under management, each tested quarterly.    On April 16, 2018,
the Board of Directors of our general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion of Blackstone common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Under the unit repurchase program, units may be
repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the actual number of units repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic
and market conditions. The unit repurchase program may be changed, suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date.  
      132
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  During the year ended December 31, 2018, we repurchased 16.0 million
Blackstone common units as part of the unit repurchase program at a total cost of $541.5 million. As of December 31, 2018, the amount remaining available for repurchases under the program was $458.5 million.  
 Distributions  
 Our intention is to distribute quarterly to common unitholders approximately 85% of The Blackstone Group L.P.’s share of
Distributable Earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by Blackstone’s general partner to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of its business, to make appropriate investments in its business and funds, to comply
with applicable law, any of its debt instruments or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as tax-related payments, clawback obligations and distributions to unitholders for any ensuing quarter. The amount to be
distributed could also be adjusted upward in any one quarter.    For Blackstone’s definition of Distributable Earnings, see
“— Key Financial Measures and Indicators”.    All of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the
declaration and payment of any distributions are at the sole discretion of our general partner, and our general partner may change our distribution policy at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce the quarterly distribution payable to
our common unitholders or even to eliminate such distributions entirely.    Because the subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group
L.P. must pay taxes and make payments under the tax receivable agreements, the amounts ultimately distributed by The Blackstone Group L.P. to its common unitholders in respect of each fiscal year are generally expected to be less, on a per unit
basis, than the amounts distributed by the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to the Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships in respect of their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.
   The following graph shows fiscal quarterly and annual per common unitholder distributions for 2016, 2017 and 2018.
Distributions are declared and paid in the quarter subsequent to the quarter in which they are earned.      
     


 
  
      133
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  With respect to fiscal year 2018, we have paid to common unitholders distributions of
$0.35, $0.58, $0.64 and $0.58 per common unit in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating $2.15 per common unit. The second, third and fourth quarter fiscal 2018 per common unit distributions of $0.58,
$0.64 and $0.58 each include $0.10 per common unit distributed from a portion of the after-tax proceeds received in connection with the conclusion of Blackstone’s sub-advisory relationship with FS Investments, as noted below. With respect to
fiscal years 2017 and 2016, we paid aggregate common unitholder distributions of $2.70 per common unit and $1.52 per common unit, respectively.    Blackstone distributed a portion of the after-tax proceeds from the conclusion of its  sub-advisory  relationship with FS Investments, resulting in an incremental
$0.30 per common unit and per Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit over the second, third and fourth quarters of 2018, of which $0.10 per common unit and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit was distributed on each of August 6, 2018,
November 5, 2018 and February 19, 2019.    Leverage  
 We may under certain circumstances use leverage opportunistically and over time to create the most efficient capital structure for
Blackstone and our public common unitholders. In addition to the borrowings from our bond issuances and our revolving credit facility, we may use reverse repurchase agreements, repurchase agreements and securities sold, not yet purchased. All of
these positions are held in a separately managed portfolio. Reverse repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to take advantage of opportunistic yields otherwise absent in the overnight markets and also to use the collateral received to cover
securities sold, not yet purchased. Repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to opportunistically yield higher spreads on purchased securities. The balances held in these financial instruments fluctuate based on Blackstone’s liquidity
needs, market conditions and investment risk profiles.    Generally our funds in our Private Equity segment, our opportunistic
real estate funds, funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds have not utilized substantial leverage at the fund level other than for (a) short-term borrowings between the date of an investment and the receipt of capital from the
investing fund’s investors, and (b) long-term borrowings for certain investments in aggregate amounts which are generally 1% to 25% of the capital commitments of the respective fund. Our carry funds make direct or indirect investments in
companies that utilize leverage in their capital structure. The degree of leverage employed varies among portfolio companies.  
 Certain of our Real Estate debt hedge funds, Hedge Fund Solutions funds and credit-focused funds use leverage in order to obtain
additional market exposure, enhance returns on invested capital and/or to bridge short-term cash needs. The forms of leverage primarily employed by these funds include purchasing securities on margin, utilizing collateralized financing and using
derivative instruments.    The following table presents information regarding these financial instruments in our Consolidated
Statements of Financial Condition:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Repurchase Agreements 
   
    
 Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Millions) 
   


 
   Balance, December 31, 2018 
    
 $ 
 222.2 
   
    
 $ 
 142.6 
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2017 
    
 $ 
 118.8 
   
    
 $ 
 154.4 
   
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2018 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Average Daily Balance 
    
 $ 
 178.4 
   
    
 $ 
 152.7 
   
 
   Maximum Daily Balance 
    
 $ 
 224.1 
   
    
 $ 
 174.7 
   
 
      134
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Critical Accounting Policies  
 We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP. In applying many of these accounting principles, we need to make
assumptions, estimates and/or judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other assumptions that
we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. These assumptions, estimates and/or judgments, however, are often subjective. Actual results may be affected negatively based on changing circumstances. If actual amounts are ultimately different
from our estimates, the revisions are included in our results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. We believe the following critical accounting policies could potentially produce materially different results if we
were to change underlying assumptions, estimates and/or judgments. For a description of our accounting policies, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in
“— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.    Principles of Consolidation
   For a description of our accounting policy on consolidation, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies — Consolidation” and Note 9. “Variable Interest Entities” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing
for detailed information on Blackstone’s consolidation policy and its involvement with VIEs. The following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of consolidation principles impact our financial
results, and management’s process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.    The
determination that the Partnership holds a controlling financial interest in a Blackstone Fund significantly changes the presentation of our consolidated financial statements. In our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position included in this
filing, we present 100% of the assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs along with a non-controlling interest which represents the portion of the consolidated vehicle’s interests held by third parties. However, assets of our consolidated
VIEs can only be used to settle obligations of the consolidated VIE and are not available for general use by the Partnership. Further, the liabilities of our consolidated VIEs do not have recourse to the general credit of Blackstone. In the
Consolidated Statements of Operations, we eliminate any management fees, Incentive Fees, or Performance Allocations received or accrued from consolidated VIEs as they are considered intercompany transactions. We recognize 100% of the consolidated
VIE’s investment income (loss) and allocate the portion of that income (loss) attributable to third party ownership to non-controlling interests in arriving at Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P.  
 The assessment of whether we consolidate a Blackstone Fund we manage requires the application of significant judgment. These judgments
are applied both at the time we become involved with the VIE and on an ongoing basis and include, but are not limited to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Determining whether our management fees, Incentive Fees or Performance Allocations represent variable interests — We make judgments as to whether
the fees we earn are commensurate with the level of effort required for those fees and at market rates. In making this judgment, we consider, among other things, the extent of third party investment in the entity and the terms of any other interests
we hold in the VIE.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Determining whether kick-out rights are substantive — We make judgments as to whether the third party investors in a partnership entity have the
ability to remove the general partner, the investment manager or its equivalent, or to dissolve (liquidate) the partnership entity, through a simple majority vote. This includes an evaluation of whether barriers to exercise these rights exist.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Concluding whether the Partnership has an obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE
— As there is no explicit threshold in GAAP to define “potentially significant,” management must apply judgment and evaluate both quantitative and qualitative factors to conclude whether this threshold is met.
 
      135
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Revenue Recognition  
 For a description of our accounting policy on revenue recognition, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
— Revenue Recognition” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” For additional description of the nature of our revenue arrangements,
including how management fees, Incentive Fees, and Performance Allocations are generated, please refer to “Part I. Item 1. Business — Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure.” The following discussion is intended to provide
supplemental information about how the application of revenue recognition principles impact our financial results, and management’s process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.  
 Management and Advisory Fees, Net  — The Partnership earns base management fees from the investors in each of its managed
funds and investment vehicles, at a fixed percentage of a calculation base which is typically assets under management, net asset value, total assets, committed capital or invested capital. The range of management fee rates and the calculation base
from which they are earned, generally, are as follows:    On private equity, real estate, and certain of our hedge fund
solutions and credit-focused funds:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.25% to 2.00% of committed capital or invested capital during the investment period,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.25% to 1.50% of invested capital, committed capital and investment fair value subsequent to the investment period for private equity and real estate
funds, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.75% to 1.50% of invested capital or net asset value subsequent to the investment period for certain of our hedge fund solutions and  credit-focused  funds.    On real estate, credit and MLP-focused funds
structured like hedge funds:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.50% to 1.50% of net asset value.    On credit and MLP-focused separately managed accounts:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.25% to 1.50% of net asset value or total assets.    On real estate separately managed accounts:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.50% to 2.00% of invested capital, net operating income or net asset value.  
 On funds of hedge funds, certain hedge funds and separately managed accounts invested in hedge funds:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.50% to 1.25% of net asset value.    On CLO vehicles:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.40% to 0.65% of the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash.  
 On credit-focused registered and non-registered investment companies:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.35% to 1.50% of total assets or net asset value.    The investment adviser of BXMT receives annual management fees based upon 1.50% of BXMT’s net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated “core earnings” (which is generally
equal to its GAAP net income excluding certain non-cash and other items), subject to certain adjustments. The investment adviser of BREIT receives a management fee of 1.25% per annum of net asset value, payable monthly.  
      136
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Management fee calculations based on committed capital or invested capital are
mechanical in nature and therefore do not require the use of significant estimates or judgments. Management fee calculations based on net asset value, total assets, or investment fair value depend on the fair value of the underlying investments
within the funds. Estimates and assumptions are made when determining the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds and could vary depending on the valuation methodology that is used as well as economic conditions. See “—
Fair Value” below for further discussion of the judgment required for determining the fair value of the underlying investments.    Investment Income (Loss)  — Performance Allocations are made to the general partner based on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to limited partners. Blackstone
has concluded that investments made alongside its limited partners in a partnership which entitle Blackstone to a Performance Allocation represent equity method investments that are not in the scope of the GAAP guidance on accounting for revenues
from contracts with customers. Blackstone accounts for these arrangements under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method Blackstone’s share of earnings (losses) from equity method investments is determined using a balance sheet
approach referred to as the hypothetical liquidation at book value (“HLBV”) method. Under the HLBV method, at the end of each reporting period Blackstone calculates the accrued Performance Allocations that would be due to Blackstone for
each fund pursuant to the fund agreements as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. Performance Allocations are subject to clawback to the extent that
the Performance Allocation received to date exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results.    The change in
the fair value of the investments held by certain Blackstone Funds is a significant input into the accrued Performance Allocation calculation and accrual for potential repayment of previously received Performance Allocations. Estimates and
assumptions are made when determining the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds. See “— Fair Value” below for further discussion related to significant estimates and assumptions used for determining fair value of
the underlying investments.    Fair Value    The Partnership uses fair value throughout the reporting process. For a description of our accounting policies related to valuation, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
— Fair Value of Financial Instruments” and “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Investments at Fair Value” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing. The following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of fair value principles impact our financial results, and management’s process for
implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.    The fair value of the investments held by Blackstone
Funds is the primary input to the calculation of certain of our management fees, Incentive Fees, Performance Allocations and the related Compensation we recognize. The Blackstone Funds are accounted for as investment companies under the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Auditing Guide,  Investment Companies , and in accordance with the GAAP guidance on investment companies and reflect their investments, including majority-owned and controlled investments
(the “Portfolio Companies”), at fair value. In the absence of observable market prices, we utilize valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis and assumptions that we believe market participants would use to determine the fair
value of the investments. For some investments where little market activity may exist management’s determination of fair value is then based on the best information available in the circumstances, may incorporate management’s own
assumptions and involves a significant degree of judgment, taking into consideration a combination of internal and external factors, including the appropriate risk adjustments for non-performance and liquidity risks.  
 The Partnership has also elected the fair value option for certain instruments it owns directly, including loans and receivables and
investments in private debt securities, the assets of consolidated CLO vehicles and other  
      137
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
proprietary investments. The Partnership is required to measure certain financial instruments at fair value, including debt instruments, equity securities and freestanding derivatives.
   Fair Value of Investments or Instruments that are Publicly Traded  
 Securities that are publicly traded and for which a quoted market exists will be valued at the closing price of such securities in the
principal market in which the security trades, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market on the valuation date. When a quoted price in an active market exists, no block discounts or control premiums are permitted
regardless of the size of the public security held. In some cases, securities will include legal and contractual restrictions limiting their purchase and sale for a period of time, such as may be required under SEC Rule 144 or by underwriters in
certain transactions. A discount to publicly traded price may be appropriate in those cases; the amount of the discount shall be determined based on the time period that must pass before the restricted security becomes unrestricted or otherwise
available for sale.    Fair Value of Investments or Instruments that are not Publicly Traded  
 Investments for which market prices are not observable include private investments in the equity or debt of operating companies or real
estate properties. Our primary methodology for determining the fair values of such investments is the income approach which provides an indication of fair value based on the present value of cash flows that a business, security, or property is
expected to generate in the future. The most widely used methodology under the income approach is the discounted cash flow method which includes significant assumptions about the underlying investment’s projected net earnings or cash flows,
discount rate, capitalization rate and exit multiple. Our secondary methodology, generally used to corroborate the results of the income approach, is the market approach. The most widely used methodology under the market approach relies upon
valuations for comparable public companies, transactions, or assets, and includes making judgments about which companies, transactions, or assets are comparable.    In certain cases debt and equity securities are valued on the basis of prices from an orderly transaction between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. In determining the
value of a particular investment, pricing services may use certain information with respect to transactions in such investments, quotations from dealers, pricing matrices and market transactions in comparable investments and various relationships
between investments.    Management Process on Fair Value    Due to the importance of fair value throughout the consolidated financial statements and the significant judgment required to be applied in arriving at those fair values, we have developed a process
around valuation that incorporates several levels of approval and review from both internal and external sources. Blackstone Fund investments are valued on a quarterly basis by our internal valuation teams, which are independent from our investment
teams.    For investments valued utilizing the income method, our valuation team generally has a direct line of communication
with each of the Portfolio Company finance teams and collects financial data used to support projections used in a discounted cash flow analysis. The valuation team then analyzes the data received and updates the valuation models reflecting any
changes in the underlying discounted cash flow projections, weighted-average cost of capital, exit multiple, and any other valuation input relevant economic conditions.    The results of all valuations of investments held by Blackstone Fund and investment vehicles are reviewed by the relevant business unit’s sub-committee, which is made up of key personnel, typically
the chief investment officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, chief compliance officer (or their respective equivalents where applicable) and other Senior Managing Directors in the business. Following review and approval by each
business unit’s sub-committee, the results are reviewed and must be approved by Blackstone’s firm-wide valuation  
      138
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
committee chaired by Blackstone’s Chief Financial Officer and including senior heads of each of Blackstone’s businesses, as well as representatives from legal and finance. To further
corroborate our results, we generally obtain a positive assurance opinion by an independent valuation party, at least annually for all investments and quarterly for certain investments. Each quarter, the valuations of Blackstone’s investments
are also reviewed by the Audit Committee comprised of our non-employee directors in a meeting attended by the chairman of the valuation committee.    Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    In the normal course of business, we engage
in off-balance sheet arrangements, including transactions in derivatives, guarantees, commitments, indemnifications and potential contingent repayment obligations. We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that would require us to fund
losses or guarantee target returns to investors in our funds.    Further disclosure on our off-balance sheet arrangements is
presented in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing as follows:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Note 9. “Variable Interest Entities”, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Commitments, Operating Leases; — Commitments, Investment Commitments; and —
Contingencies, Guarantees.”    Recent Accounting Developments  
 Information regarding recent accounting developments and their impact on Blackstone can be found in Note 2. “Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.  
      139
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies  
 The following table sets forth information relating to our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2018 on a consolidated basis
and on a basis deconsolidating the Blackstone Funds:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Contractual Obligations 
    
 2019 
   
   
 2020-2021 
   
   
 2022-2023 
   
   
 Thereafter 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Operating Lease Obligations (a) 
    
 $ 
 78,506 
   
   
 $ 
 153,105 
   
   
 $ 
 156,342 
   
   
 $ 
 273,347 
   
   
 $ 
 661,300 
   
 
   Purchase Obligations 
    
   
 44,014 
   
   
   
 21,259 
   
   
   
 33 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 65,306 
   
 
   Blackstone Issued Notes and Revolving Credit Facility (b) 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 400,000 
   
   
   
 400,000 
   
   
   
 2,732,030 
   
   
   
 3,532,030 
   
 
   Interest on Blackstone Issued Notes and Revolving Credit Facility (c) 
    
   
 133,910 
   
   
   
 256,071 
   
   
   
 211,321 
   
   
   
 1,512,226 
   
   
   
 2,113,528 
   
 
   Blackstone Funds and CLO Vehicles Debt Obligations Payable (d) 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,863,285 
   
   
   
 6,863,285 
   
 
   Interest on Blackstone Funds and CLO Vehicles Debt Obligations Payable (e) 
    
   
 274,573 
   
   
   
 549,146 
   
   
   
 549,146 
   
   
   
 1,749,751 
   
   
   
 3,122,616 
   
 
   Blackstone Funds Capital Commitments to Investee Funds (f) 
    
   
 94,457 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 94,457 
   
 
   Due to Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders in Connection with Tax Receivable Agreements (g) 
    
   
 84,688 
   
   
   
 140,422 
   
   
   
 143,140 
   
   
   
 437,327 
   
   
   
 805,577 
   
 
   Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Including Interest and Penalties (h) 
    
   
 2,467 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,467 
   
 
   Blackstone Operating Entities Capital Commitments to Blackstone Funds and Other (i) 
    
   
 2,646,438 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,646,438 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated Contractual Obligations 
    
   
 3,359,053 
   
   
   
 1,520,003 
   
   
   
 1,459,982 
   
   
   
 13,567,966 
   
   
   
 19,907,004 
   
 
   Blackstone Funds and CLO Vehicles Debt Obligations Payable (d) 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (6,863,285 
 )  
   
   
 (6,863,285 
 )  
 
   Interest on Blackstone Funds and CLO Vehicles Debt Obligations Payable (e) 
    
   
 (274,573 
 )  
   
   
 (549,146 
 )  
   
   
 (549,146 
 )  
   
   
 (1,749,751 
 )  
   
   
 (3,122,616 
 )  
 
   Blackstone Funds Capital Commitments to Investee Funds (f) 
    
   
 (94,457 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (94,457 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Blackstone Operating Entities Contractual Obligations 
    
 $ 
 2,990,023 
   
   
 $ 
 970,857 
   
   
 $ 
 910,836 
   
   
 $ 
 4,954,930 
   
   
 $ 
 9,826,646 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   We lease our primary office space and certain office equipment under agreements that expire through 2030. In connection with certain office
space lease agreements, we are responsible for escalation payments. The contractual obligation table above includes only guaranteed minimum lease payments for such leases and does not project potential escalation or other lease-related payments.
These leases are classified as operating leases for financial statement purposes and as such are not recorded as liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The amounts are presented net of contractual sublease commitments.
 
 
 
 (b) 
   Represents the principal amount due on the senior notes we issued. As of December 31, 2018, we had no outstanding borrowings under our
revolver.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Represents interest to be paid over the maturity of our senior notes and borrowings under our revolving credit facility which has been
calculated assuming no pre-payments are made and debt is held until its final maturity date. These amounts exclude commitment fees for unutilized borrowings under our revolver.  
 
 
 (d) 
   These obligations are those of the Blackstone Funds including the consolidated CLO vehicles.  
 
 
 (e) 
   Represents interest to be paid over the maturity of the related consolidated Blackstone Funds’ and CLO vehicles’ debt obligations
which has been calculated assuming no pre-payments will be made and debt will be held until its final maturity date. The future interest payments are calculated using variable rates in effect as of
 
      140
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 
December 31, 2018, at spreads to market rates pursuant to the financing agreements, and range from 0.8% to 9.2%. The majority of the borrowings are due on demand and for purposes of this
schedule are assumed to mature within one year. Interest on the majority of these borrowings rolls over into the principal balance at each reset date.  
 
 
 (f) 
   These obligations represent commitments of the consolidated Blackstone Funds to make capital contributions to investee funds and portfolio
companies. These amounts are generally due on demand and are therefore presented in the less than one year category.  
 
 
 (g) 
   Represents obligations by the Partnership’s corporate subsidiary to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreements to certain
non-controlling interest holders for the tax savings realized from the taxable purchases of their interests in connection with the reorganization at the time of Blackstone’s IPO in 2007 and subsequent purchases. The obligation represents the
amount of the payments currently expected to be made, which are dependent on the tax savings actually realized as determined annually without discounting for the timing of the payments. As required by GAAP, the amount of the obligation included in
the Consolidated Financial Statements and shown in Note 17. “Related Party Transactions” (see “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”) differs to reflect the net present value of the payments due to certain
non-controlling interest holders.  
 
 
 (h) 
   The total represents gross unrecognized tax benefits of $1.1 million and interest and penalties of $1.4 million. In addition,
Blackstone is not able to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with gross unrecognized benefits of $19.8 million and interest of $1.8 million; therefore, such amounts are not
included in the above contractual obligations table.  
 
 
 (i) 
   These obligations represent commitments by us to provide general partner capital funding to the Blackstone Funds, limited partner capital
funding to other funds and Blackstone principal investment commitments. These amounts are generally due on demand and are therefore presented in the less than one year category; however, a substantial amount of the capital commitments are expected
to be called over the next three years. We expect to continue to make these general partner capital commitments as we raise additional amounts for our investment funds over time.  
 Guarantees  
 Blackstone and certain of its consolidated funds provide financial guarantees. The amounts and nature of these guarantees are described in
Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Guarantees” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this
filing.    Indemnifications    In many of its service contracts, Blackstone agrees to indemnify the third party service provider under certain circumstances. The terms of the indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of
indemnification liability, if any, cannot be determined and has not been included in the table above or recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2018.    Clawback Obligations    Performance Allocations are subject to
clawback to the extent that the Performance Allocations received to date with respect to a fund exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results of that fund. The actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized
until the end of a fund’s life except for certain Blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an interim clawback liability. The lives of the carry funds, including available
contemplated extensions, for which a liability for potential clawback obligations has been recorded for financial reporting purposes, are currently anticipated to expire at various points through 2028. Further extensions of such terms may be
implemented under given circumstances.  
      141
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  For financial reporting purposes, when applicable, the general partners record a
liability for potential clawback obligations to the limited partners of some of the carry funds due to changes in the unrealized value of a fund’s remaining investments and where the fund’s general partner has previously received
Performance Allocation distributions with respect to such fund’s realized investments.    As of December 31, 2018, the
total clawback obligations were $29.5 million, of which $30.4 million related to Blackstone Holdings and $(0.9) million related to current and former Blackstone personnel. The split of clawback between Blackstone Holdings and current
and former personnel is based on the performance of individual investments held by a fund rather than on a fund by fund basis. If, at December 31, 2018, all of the investments held by our carry funds were deemed worthless, a possibility that
management views as remote, the amount of Performance Allocations subject to potential clawback would be $7.0 billion, on an after tax basis where applicable, of which Blackstone Holdings is potentially liable for $6.4 billion if current
and former Blackstone personnel default on their share of the liability, a possibility that management also views as remote. See Note 17. “Related Party Transactions” and Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies” in the
“Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.      
 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
 Our predominant exposure to market risk is related to our role as general partner or investment adviser to the Blackstone Funds and the
sensitivities to movements in the fair value of their investments, including the effect on management fees, performance revenues and investment income.    Although the Blackstone Funds share many common themes, each of our alternative asset management operations runs its own investment and risk management processes, subject to our overall risk tolerance and
philosophy:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The investment process of our carry funds involves a detailed analysis of potential investments, and asset management teams are assigned to oversee the
operations, strategic development, financing and capital deployment decisions of each portfolio investment. Key investment decisions are subject to approval by the applicable investment committee, which is comprised of Blackstone senior managing
directors and senior management.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In our capacity as adviser to certain funds in our Hedge Fund Solutions and Credit segments, we continuously monitor a variety of markets for
attractive trading opportunities, applying a number of traditional and customized risk management metrics to analyze risk related to specific assets or portfolios. In addition, we perform extensive credit and cash flow analyses of borrowers,
credit-based assets and underlying hedge fund managers, and have extensive asset management teams that monitor covenant compliance by, and relevant financial data of, borrowers and other obligors, asset pool performance statistics, tracking of cash
payments relating to investments and ongoing analysis of the credit status of investments.    Effect on Fund Management
Fees    Our management fees are based on (a) third parties’ capital commitments to a Blackstone Fund,
(b) third parties’ capital invested in a Blackstone Fund or (c) the net asset value, or NAV, of a Blackstone Fund, as described in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Management fees will only be directly affected by short-term
changes in market conditions to the extent they are based on NAV or represent permanent impairments of value. These management fees will be increased (or reduced) in direct proportion to the effect of changes in the fair value of our investments in
the related funds. The proportion of our management fees that are based on NAV is dependent on the number and types of Blackstone Funds in existence and the current stage of each fund’s life cycle. For the years
 
      142
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, the percentages of our fund management fees based on the NAV of the applicable funds or separately managed accounts, were as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Fund Management Fees Based on the NAV of the Applicable Funds or Separately Managed Accounts 
    
   
 38 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
   Market Risk    The Blackstone Funds hold investments which are reported at fair value. Based on the fair value as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, we estimate that a 10% decline in fair value of the
investments would result in the following declines in Management Fees, Performance Revenues, Net of Related Compensation Expense and Investment Income:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
   
    
 Management Fees (a) 
   
    
 Performance Revenues, Net of Related Compensation Expense (b) 
   
    
 Investment Income (b) 
   
    
 Management Fees (a) 
   
    
 Performance Revenues, Net of Related Compensation Expense (b) 
   
    
 Investment Income (b) 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   10% Decline in Fair Value of the Investments 
    
 $ 
 104,582 
   
    
 $ 
 1,475,206 
   
    
 $ 
 199,072 
   
    
 $ 
 95,004 
   
    
 $ 
 1,183,211 
   
    
 $ 
 171,136 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Represents the annualized effect of the 10% decline.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Represents the reporting date effect of the 10% decline.  
 Total Assets Under Management, excluding undrawn capital commitments and the amount of capital raised for our CLOs, by segment, and the
percentage amount classified as Level III investments as defined within the fair value standards of GAAP, are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2018 
   
 
   
    
 Total Assets Under Management, Excluding Undrawn
Capital Commitments and the Amount of Capital Raised for CLOs 
   
    
 Percentage Amount Classified as Level III Investments 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   
    
   
   


 
   Real Estate 
    
 $ 
 101,396,925 
   
    
   
 84 
 %  
 
   Private Equity 
    
 $ 
 69,014,765 
   
    
   
 70 
 %  
 
   Credit 
    
 $ 
 73,553,005 
   
    
   
 34 
 %  
   The fair value of our investments and securities can vary significantly based on a number of factors that
take into consideration the diversity of the Blackstone Funds’ investment portfolio and on a number of factors and inputs such as similar transactions, financial metrics, and industry comparatives, among others. See “Part I.
Item 1A. Risk Factors” above. Also see “— Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Policies — Fair Value.” We believe these fair
value amounts should be utilized with caution as our intent and strategy is to hold investments and securities until prevailing market conditions are beneficial for investment sales.  
 Investors in all of our carry funds (and certain of our credit-focused funds and funds of hedge funds) make capital commitments to those
funds that we are entitled to call from those investors at any time during prescribed periods. We depend on investors fulfilling their commitments when we call capital from them in order for those funds to consummate investments and otherwise pay
their related obligations when due, including management fees.  
      143
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
We have not had investors fail to honor capital calls to any meaningful extent and any investor that did not fund a capital call would be subject to having a significant amount of its existing
investment forfeited in that fund; however, if investors were to fail to satisfy a significant amount of capital calls for any particular fund or funds, those funds could be materially and adversely affected.  
 Exchange Rate Risk    The
Blackstone Funds hold investments that are denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies that may be affected by movements in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and non-U.S. dollar currencies. Additionally, a portion of our management fees are
denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies. We estimate that as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, a 10% decline in the rate of exchange of all foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar would result in the following declines
in Management Fees, Performance Revenues, Net of Related Compensation Expense and Investment Income:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
   
    
 Management Fees (a) 
   
    
 Performance Revenues, Net of Related Compensation Expense (b) 
   
    
 Investment Income (b) 
   
    
 Management Fees (a) 
   
    
 Performance Revenues, Net of Related Compensation Expense (b) 
   
    
 Investment Income (b) 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   10% Decline in the Rate of Exchange of All Foreign Currencies Against the U.S. Dollar 
    
 $ 
 18,289 
   
    
 $ 
 339,152 
   
    
 $ 
 32,810 
   
    
 $ 
 17,301 
   
    
 $ 
 260,236 
   
    
 $ 
 32,308 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Represents the annualized effect of the 10% decline.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Represents the reporting date effect of the 10% decline.    Interest Rate Risk    Blackstone has debt obligations payable that accrue
interest at variable rates. Interest rate changes may therefore affect the amount of our interest payments, future earnings and cash flows. Based on our debt obligations payable as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, we estimate
that interest expense relating to variable rates would increase on an annual basis, in the event interest rates were to increase by one percentage point, as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2018     
   
    
     2017     
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Annualized Increase in Interest Expense Due to a One Percentage Point Increase in Interest Rates (a) 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 28 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   As of December 31, 2018 Blackstone had no such debt obligations payable outstanding.  
 Blackstone has a diversified portfolio of liquid assets to meet the liquidity needs of various businesses. This portfolio includes cash,
open ended money market mutual funds, open ended bond mutual funds, marketable investment securities, freestanding derivative contracts, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements and other investments. If interest rates were to increase by one
percentage point, we estimate that our annualized investment  
      144
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
income would decrease, offset by an estimated increase in interest income on an annual basis from interest on floating rate assets, as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
   
    
 Annualized Decrease in Investment Income 
   
   
 Annualized Increase in Interest from Floating Rate Assets 
   
    
 Annualized Decrease in Investment Income 
   
   
 Annualized Increase in Interest from Floating Rate Assets 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   One Percentage Point Increase in Interest Rates 
    
 $ 
 6,641  
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 24,602 
   
    
 $ 
 17,526  
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 22,480 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, this represents 0.1% and 0.3% of our portfolio of liquid assets, respectively.
   Blackstone has U.S. dollar and non-U.S. dollar based interest rate derivatives whose future cash flows and
present value may be affected by movement in their respective underlying yield curves. We estimate that as of December 31, 2017, a one percentage point increase parallel shift in global yield curves would result in the following impact on Other
Revenue:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2018     
   
    
     2017     
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Annualized Increase in Other Revenue Due to a One Percentage Point Increase in Interest Rates 
    
 $ 
 14,210 
   
    
 $ 
 22,699 
   
   Credit Risk    Certain Blackstone Funds and the Investee Funds are subject to certain inherent risks through their investments.    Our portfolio of liquid assets contain certain credit risks including, but not limited to, exposure to uninsured deposits with financial institutions, unsecured corporate bonds and mortgage-backed
securities. These exposures are actively monitored on a continuous basis and positions are reallocated based on changes in risk profile, market or economic conditions.    We estimate that our annualized investment income would decrease, if credit spreads were to increase by one percentage point, as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2018     
   
    
     2017     
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Decrease in Annualized Investment Income Due to a One Percentage Point Increase in Credit Spreads (a) 
    
 $ 
 52,051 
   
    
 $ 
 37,250 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, this represents 1.1% and 0.7% of our portfolio of liquid assets, respectively.
   Certain of our entities hold derivative instruments that contain an element of risk in the event that the
counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of such agreements. We minimize our risk exposure by limiting the counterparties with which we enter into contracts to banks and investment banks that meet established credit and capital guidelines. We
do not expect any counterparty to default on its obligations and therefore do not expect to incur any loss due to counterparty default.  
      145
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 ITEM 8. 
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA    INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 147 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 
    
   
 149 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and
2016 
    
   
 151 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and
2016 
    
   
 152 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Partners’ Capital for the Years Ended December 
31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 
    
   
 153 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and
2016 
    
   
 156 
   
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 158 
   
 
      146
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
   To the General Partner and Unitholders of The Blackstone Group L.P.:  
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of The Blackstone Group L.P. and subsidiaries
(“Blackstone”) as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in partners’ capital, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2018, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). We also have audited Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria
established in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).    In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Blackstone as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2018, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, Blackstone maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by COSO.  
 Basis for Opinions    Blackstone’s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying management report on internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on Blackstone’s internal
control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (“United States”) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to
Blackstone in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.    We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.    Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.    Definition and Limitations of
Internal Control over Financial Reporting    A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over
financial reporting  
      147
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of
the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.    /s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP  
 New York, New York    March 1, 2019  
 We have served as Blackstone’s auditor since 2006.  
      148
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition  
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Unit Data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2018 
   
   
 December 31, 2017 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
 $ 
 2,207,841 
   
   
 $ 
 1,992,497 
   
 
   Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other 
    
   
 337,320 
   
   
   
 1,929,531 
   
 
   Investments (including assets pledged of $279,502 and $169,746 at December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017,
respectively) 
    
   
 20,377,031 
   
   
   
 24,434,049 
   
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 636,238 
   
   
   
 875,018 
   
 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
   
 1,994,123 
   
   
   
 2,028,137 
   
 
   Intangible Assets, Net 
    
   
 468,507 
   
   
   
 409,828 
   
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 1,869,860 
   
   
   
 1,778,192 
   
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 294,248 
   
   
   
 242,697 
   
 
   Deferred Tax Assets 
    
   
 739,482 
   
   
   
 725,970 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 28,924,650 
   
   
 $ 
 34,415,919 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Loans Payable 
    
 $ 
 9,951,862 
   
   
 $ 
 14,815,436 
   
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 1,035,776 
   
   
   
 937,158 
   
 
   Accrued Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 2,942,128 
   
   
   
 2,623,492 
   
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
    
   
 142,617 
   
   
   
 154,380 
   
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 222,202 
   
   
   
 118,840 
   
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
   
 875,979 
   
   
   
 2,043,522 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
   
 15,170,564 
   
   
   
 20,692,828 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Commitments and Contingencies 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 141,779 
   
   
   
 210,944 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   The Blackstone Group L.P. Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Partners’ Capital (common units: 663,212,830 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2018; 659,526,093 issued and
outstanding as of December 31, 2017) 
    
   
 6,415,700 
   
   
   
 6,668,511 
   
 
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 (36,476 
 )  
   
   
 (34,018 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total The Blackstone Group L.P. Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 6,379,224 
   
   
   
 6,634,493 
   
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 3,648,766 
   
   
   
 3,253,148 
   
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
    
   
 3,584,317 
   
   
   
 3,624,506 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 13,612,307 
   
   
   
 13,512,147 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
    
 $ 
 28,924,650 
   
   
 $ 
 34,415,919 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      continued…
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  

      149
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition    (Dollars in Thousands)      
  The following presents the portion of the consolidated balances presented above
attributable to consolidated Blackstone Funds which are variable interest entities. The following assets may only be used to settle obligations of these consolidated Blackstone Funds and these liabilities are only the obligations of these
consolidated Blackstone Funds and they do not have recourse to the general credit of Blackstone.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2018 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other 
    
 $ 
 337,030 
   
    
 $ 
 1,580,296 
   
 
   Investments 
    
   
 8,363,669 
   
    
   
 12,948,653 
   
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 179,863 
   
    
   
 470,156 
   
 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
   
 6,303 
   
    
   
 46,112 
   
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 3,880 
   
    
   
 5,189 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 8,890,745 
   
    
 $ 
 15,050,406 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans Payable 
    
 $ 
 6,480,711 
   
    
 $ 
 11,300,621 
   
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 129,370 
   
    
   
 86,393 
   
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
    
   
 92,603 
   
    
   
 89,907 
   
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 222,202 
   
    
   
 118,840 
   
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
   
 252,176 
   
    
   
 1,562,534 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
 $ 
 7,177,062 
   
    
 $ 
 13,158,295 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      150
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statements of Operations  
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
 $ 
 3,027,796 
   
   
 $ 
 2,751,322 
   
   
 $ 
 2,464,290 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 57,540 
   
   
   
 242,514 
   
   
   
 149,928 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Performance Allocations 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
   
 1,876,507 
   
   
   
 3,571,811 
   
   
   
 1,495,439 
   
 
   Unrealized 
    
   
 561,373 
   
   
   
 (105,473 
 )  
   
   
 530,114 
   
 
   Principal Investments 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
   
 415,862 
   
   
   
 635,769 
   
   
   
 278,737 
   
 
   Unrealized 
    
   
 49,917 
   
   
   
 42,605 
   
   
   
 77,314 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income 
    
   
 2,903,659 
   
   
   
 4,144,712 
   
   
   
 2,381,604 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
    
   
 171,947 
   
   
   
 139,696 
   
   
   
 95,724 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 672,317 
   
   
   
 (133,229 
 )  
   
   
 54,753 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
    
   
 6,833,259 
   
   
   
 7,145,015 
   
   
   
 5,146,299 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
    
   
 1,609,957 
   
   
   
 1,442,485 
   
   
   
 1,335,408 
   
 
   Incentive Fee Compensation 
    
   
 33,916 
   
   
   
 105,279 
   
   
   
 68,921 
   
 
   Performance Allocations Compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
   
 711,076 
   
   
   
 1,281,965 
   
   
   
 465,129 
   
 
   Unrealized 
    
   
 319,742 
   
   
   
 103,794 
   
   
   
 333,528 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 2,674,691 
   
   
   
 2,933,523 
   
   
   
 2,202,986 
   
 
   General, Administrative and Other 
    
   
 594,873 
   
   
   
 488,582 
   
   
   
 541,624 
   
 
   Interest Expense 
    
   
 163,990 
   
   
   
 197,486 
   
   
   
 152,654 
   
 
   Fund Expenses 
    
   
 78,486 
   
   
   
 132,787 
   
   
   
 52,181 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
    
   
 3,512,040 
   
   
   
 3,752,378 
   
   
   
 2,949,445 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other Income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Reduction of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability 
    
   
 — 
 
   
   
 403,855 
   
   
   
 — 
 
 
   Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities 
    
   
 191,722 
   
   
   
 321,597 
   
   
   
 184,750 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Other Income 
    
   
 191,722 
   
   
   
 725,452 
   
   
   
 184,750 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
   
 3,512,941 
   
   
   
 4,118,089 
   
   
   
 2,381,604 
   
 
   Provision for Taxes 
    
   
 249,390 
   
   
   
 743,147 
   
   
   
 132,362 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income 
    
   
 3,263,551 
   
   
   
 3,374,942 
   
   
   
 2,249,242 
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 (2,104 
 )  
   
   
 13,806 
   
   
   
 3,977 
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 358,878 
   
   
   
 497,439 
   
   
   
 246,152 
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
    
   
 1,364,989 
   
   
   
 1,392,323 
   
   
   
 960,099 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
    
 $ 
 1,541,788 
   
   
 $ 
 1,471,374 
   
   
 $ 
 1,039,014 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Per Common Unit 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common Units, Basic 
    
 $ 
 2.27 
   
   
 $ 
 2.21 
   
   
 $ 
 1.60 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Common Units, Diluted 
    
 $ 
 2.26 
   
   
 $ 
 2.21 
   
   
 $ 
 1.56 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted-Average Common Units Outstanding 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common Units, Basic 
    
   
 678,850,245 
   
   
   
 665,453,198 
   
   
   
 649,475,264 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Common Units, Diluted 
    
   
 1,206,962,846 
   
   
   
 666,246,846 
   
   
   
 1,195,114,590 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      151
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
 (Dollars in Thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Net Income 
    
 $ 
 3,263,551 
   
   
 $ 
 3,374,942 
   
    
 $ 
 2,249,242 
   
 
   Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax — Currency Translation Adjustment 
    
   
 (33,506 
 )  
   
   
 80,366 
   
    
   
 (22,194 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 3,230,045 
   
   
   
 3,455,308 
   
    
   
 2,227,048 
   
 
   Less: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable  Non-Controlling  Interests in
Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 (2,104 
 )  
   
   
 13,806 
   
    
   
 3,977 
   
 
   Comprehensive Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 356,488 
   
   
   
 548,936 
   
    
   
 234,326 
   
 
   Comprehensive Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
    
   
 1,336,331 
   
   
   
 1,392,323 
   
    
   
 960,099 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
    
 $ 
 1,539,330 
   
   
 $ 
 1,500,243 
   
    
 $ 
 1,028,646 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      152
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Partners’ Capital  
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Unit Data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Common Units 
   
   
 Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Compre- hensive (Loss) 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 Total Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Redeemable Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 624,450,162 
   
   
 $ 
 6,322,307 
   
   
 $ 
 (52,519 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6,269,788 
   
   
 $ 
 2,408,701 
   
   
 $ 
 3,368,509 
   
   
 $ 
 12,046,998 
   
   
 $ 
 183,459 
   
 
   Adoption of ASC 606 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (2,177 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (2,177 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (4,869 
 )  
   
   
 (7,046 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Net Income 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,039,014 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,039,014 
   
   
   
 246,152 
   
   
   
 960,099 
   
   
   
 2,245,265 
   
   
   
 3,977 
   
 
   Currency Translation Adjustment 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (10,368 
 )  
   
   
 (10,368 
 )  
   
   
 (11,826 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (22,194 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Capital Contributions 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 324,630 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 324,630 
   
   
   
 15,000 
   
 
   Capital Distributions 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,068,017 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,068,017 
 )  
   
   
 (530,415 
 )  
   
   
 (950,652 
 )  
   
   
 (2,549,084 
 )  
   
   
 (17,046 
 )  
 
   Transfer of Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (8,278 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (8,278 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Deferred Tax Effects Resulting from Acquisition of Ownership Interests from Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5,369 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5,369 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5,369 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Equity-Based Compensation 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 166,206 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 166,206 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 147,848 
   
   
   
 314,054 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Net Delivery of Vested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 6,241,282 
   
   
   
 (26,572 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (26,572 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,051 
 )  
   
   
 (27,623 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Change in The Blackstone Group L.P.’s Ownership Interest 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7,881 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7,881 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (7,881 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Conversion of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 12,768,098 
   
   
   
 77,520 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 77,520 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (77,520 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
   
   
 643,459,542 
   
   
 $ 
 6,521,531 
   
   
 $ 
 (62,887 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6,458,644 
   
   
 $ 
 2,428,964 
   
   
 $ 
 3,434,483 
   
   
 $ 
 12,322,091 
   
   
 $ 
 185,390 
   
       continued…  
 See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      153
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Partners’ Capital    (Dollars in Thousands, Except Unit Data)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Common Units 
   
   
 Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Compre- hensive (Loss) 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 Total Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Redeemable Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
   
   
 643,459,542 
   
   
 $ 
 6,521,531 
   
   
 $ 
 (62,887 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6,458,644 
   
   
 $ 
 2,428,964 
   
   
 $ 
 3,434,483 
   
   
 $ 
 12,322,091 
   
   
 $ 
 185,390 
   
 
   Consolidation of Fund Entity 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 387,006 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 387,006 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Net Income 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,471,374 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,471,374 
   
   
   
 497,439 
   
   
   
 1,392,323 
   
   
   
 3,361,136 
   
   
   
 13,806 
   
 
   Currency Translation Adjustment 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 28,869 
   
   
   
 28,869 
   
   
   
 51,497 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 80,366 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Capital Contributions 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 730,793 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 730,793 
   
   
   
 58,920 
   
 
   Capital Distributions 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,534,586 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,534,586 
 )  
   
   
 (836,535 
 )  
   
   
 (1,307,996 
 )  
   
   
 (3,679,117 
 )  
   
   
 (47,172 
 )  
 
   Transfer of Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (6,016 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (6,016 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Deferred Tax Effects Resulting from Acquisition of Ownership Interests from Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 11,057 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 11,057 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 11,057 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Equity-Based Compensation 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 183,484 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 183,484 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 151,539 
   
   
   
 335,023 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Net Delivery of Vested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 7,084,888 
   
   
   
 (28,486 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (28,486 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,706 
 )  
   
   
 (30,192 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Change in The Blackstone Group L.P.’s Ownership Interest 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (15,197 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (15,197 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 15,197 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Conversion of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 8,981,663 
   
   
   
 59,334 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 59,334 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (59,334 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2017 
   
   
 659,526,093 
   
   
 $ 
 6,668,511 
   
   
 $ 
 (34,018 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6,634,493 
   
   
 $ 
 3,253,148 
   
   
 $ 
 3,624,506 
   
   
 $ 
 13,512,147 
   
   
 $ 
 210,944 
   
       continued…  
 See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      154
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Partners’ Capital    (Dollars in Thousands, Except Unit Data)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Common Units 
   
   
 Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Compre- hensive (Loss) 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 Total Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Redeemable Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2017 
   
   
 659,526,093 
   
   
 $ 
 6,668,511 
   
   
 $ 
 (34,018 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6,634,493 
   
   
 $ 
 3,253,148 
   
   
 $ 
 3,624,506 
   
   
 $ 
 13,512,147 
   
   
 $ 
 210,944 
   
 
   Transfer Out Due to Deconsolidation of Fund Entities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (197,091 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (197,091 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Net Income 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,541,788 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,541,788 
   
   
   
 358,878 
   
   
   
 1,364,989 
   
   
   
 3,265,655 
   
   
   
 (2,104 
 )  
 
   Currency Translation Adjustment 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (2,458 
 )  
   
   
 (2,458 
 )  
   
   
 (2,389 
 )  
   
   
 (28,659 
 )  
   
   
 (33,506 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Capital Contributions 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 903,655 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 903,655 
   
   
   
 12,980 
   
 
   Capital Distributions 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,635,921 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,635,921 
 )  
   
   
 (687,623 
 )  
   
   
 (1,410,483 
 )  
   
   
 (3,734,027 
 )  
   
   
 (78,688 
 )  
 
   Transfer or Repurchase of Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (7,642 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (7,642 
 )  
   
   
 20,188 
   
   
   
 (6,005 
 )  
   
   
 6,541 
   
   
   
 (1,353 
 )  
 
   Deferred Tax Effects Resulting from Acquisition of Ownership Interests from Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 13,907 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 13,907 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 13,907 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Equity-Based Compensation 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 204,590 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 204,590 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 161,824 
   
   
   
 366,414 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Net Delivery of Vested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 4,114,395 
   
   
   
 (20,198 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (20,198 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (5,462 
 )  
   
   
 (25,660 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Repurchase of Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 (16,000,000 
 )  
   
   
 (541,501 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (541,501 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (541,501 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Change in The Blackstone Group L.P.’s Ownership Interest 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 66,799 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 66,799 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (66,799 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Conversion of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 14,821,603 
   
   
   
 100,397 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 100,397 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (100,397 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Issuance of Blackstone Common Units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units 
   
   
 750,739 
   
   
   
 24,970 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 24,970 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 50,803 
   
   
   
 75,773 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2018 
   
   
 663,212,830 
   
   
 $ 
 6,415,700 
   
   
 $ 
 (36,476 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6,379,224 
   
   
 $ 
 3,648,766 
   
   
 $ 
 3,584,317 
   
   
 $ 
 13,612,307 
   
   
 $ 
 141,779 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      155
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
 (Dollars in Thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Operating Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net Income 
    
 $ 
 3,263,551 
   
   
 $ 
 3,374,942 
   
   
 $ 
 2,249,242 
   
 
   Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities Blackstone Funds
Related 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net Realized Gains on Investments 
    
   
 (2,381,683 
 )  
   
   
 (4,613,531 
 )  
   
   
 (2,023,503 
 )  
 
   Changes in Unrealized (Gains) Losses on Investments 
    
   
 4,784 
   
   
   
 (21,589 
 )  
   
   
 (241,617 
 )  
 
   Non-Cash Performance Allocations 
    
   
 (561,373 
 )  
   
   
 105,472 
   
   
   
 (304,705 
 )  
 
   Non-Cash Performance Allocations and Incentive Fee Compensation 
    
   
 1,053,690 
   
   
   
 1,491,040 
   
   
   
 867,574 
   
 
   Equity-Based Compensation Expense 
    
   
 366,928 
   
   
   
 338,687 
   
   
   
 323,651 
   
 
   Amortization of Intangibles 
    
   
 59,021 
   
   
   
 46,776 
   
   
   
 82,943 
   
 
   Other Non-Cash Amounts Included in Net Income 
    
   
 45,286 
   
   
   
 363,903 
   
   
   
 17,370 
   
 
   Cash Flows Due to Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash Acquired with Consolidation of Fund Entity 
    
   
 31,422 
   
   
   
 13,822 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Cash Relinquished with Deconsolidation of Fund Entities 
    
   
 (899,959 
 )  
   
   
 (33,566 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 43,037 
   
   
   
 282,026 
   
   
   
 87,074 
   
 
   Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 118,495 
   
   
   
 86,398 
   
 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
   
 (280,674 
 )  
   
   
 (298,501 
 )  
   
   
 (57,907 
 )  
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 (76,596 
 )  
   
   
 17,377 
   
   
   
 99,108 
   
 
   Accrued Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 (729,109 
 )  
   
   
 (1,177,852 
 )  
   
   
 (572,814 
 )  
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
    
   
 (10,125 
 )  
   
   
 (62,730 
 )  
   
   
 42,761 
   
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
   
 (357,582 
 )  
   
   
 (755,232 
 )  
   
   
 (214,723 
 )  
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 103,362 
   
   
   
 43,516 
   
   
   
 34,286 
   
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 74,108 
   
   
   
 (9,652 
 )  
   
   
 39,035 
   
 
   Investments Purchased 
    
   
 (13,881,869 
 )  
   
   
 (19,573,153 
 )  
   
   
 (8,798,358 
 )  
 
   Cash Proceeds from Sale of Investments 
    
   
 14,179,523 
   
   
   
 18,723,355 
   
   
   
 8,195,594 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities 
    
   
 45,742 
   
   
   
 (1,626,395 
 )  
   
   
 (88,591 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investing Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchase of Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements 
    
   
 (18,377 
 )  
   
   
 (24,347 
 )  
   
   
 (21,826 
 )  
 
   Net Cash Paid for Acquisitions, Net of Cash Acquired 
    
   
 (98,219 
 )  
   
   
 (168,913 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
    
   
 (116,596 
 )  
   
   
 (193,260 
 )  
   
   
 (21,826 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Financing Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Distributions to Non-Controlling Interest 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Holders in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 (762,588 
 )  
   
   
 (813,987 
 )  
   
   
 (533,925 
 )  
 
   Contributions from Non-Controlling Interest 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Holders in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 836,922 
   
   
   
 759,907 
   
   
   
 329,005 
   
 
   Payments Under Tax Receivable Agreement 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (135,831 
 )  
   
   
 (78,985 
 )  
 
   Net Settlement of Vested Common Units and Repurchase of Common and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units 
    
   
 (567,161 
 )  
   
   
 (30,192 
 )  
   
   
 (27,623 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from Loans Payable 
    
   
 3,218,399 
   
   
   
 7,600,153 
   
   
   
 3,321,081 
   
 
   Repayment and Repurchase of Loans Payable 
    
   
 (1,009,354 
 )  
   
   
 (1,766,129 
 )  
   
   
 (420,714 
 )  
 
   Distributions to Unitholders 
    
   
 (3,046,404 
 )  
   
   
 (2,842,582 
 )  
   
   
 (2,018,669 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 
    
   
 (1,330,186 
 )  
   
   
 2,771,339 
   
   
   
 570,170 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents, Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other, and Restricted
Cash 
    
   
 9,712 
   
   
   
 123,850 
   
   
   
 (34,059 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
         continued…    See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      156
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    (Dollars in Thousands)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents, Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other, and Restricted Cash 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net Increase (Decrease) 
    
 $ 
 (1,391,328 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,075,534 
   
   
 $ 
 425,694 
   
 
   Beginning of Period 
    
   
 3,936,489 
   
   
   
 2,860,955 
   
   
   
 2,435,261 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   End of Period 
    
 $ 
 2,545,161 
   
   
 $ 
 3,936,489 
   
   
 $ 
 2,860,955 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flows Information 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Payments for Interest 
    
 $ 
 169,872 
   
   
 $ 
 160,178 
   
   
 $ 
 151,948 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Payments for Income Taxes 
    
 $ 
 192,790 
   
   
 $ 
 106,032 
   
   
 $ 
 65,790 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Non-Cash Contributions from Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
    
 $ 
 10,435 
   
   
 $ 
 1,112 
   
   
 $ 
 1,155 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Non-Cash Distributions to Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
    
 $ 
 (18,723 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (69,721 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (13,536 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Non-Cash Consideration for Acquisition 
    
 $ 
 (50,803 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (95,262 
 )  
   
 $ 
  —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Assets Related to the Consolidation of Certain Fund Entities 
    
 $ 
  —   
   
   
 $ 
 387,006 
   
   
 $ 
  —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Notes Issuance Costs 
    
 $ 
  —   
   
   
 $ 
 5,582 
   
   
 $ 
 5,491 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Transfer of Interests to Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
    
 $ 
 20,188 
   
   
 $ 
 (6,016 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (8,278 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in The Blackstone Group L.P.’s Ownership Interest 
    
 $ 
 66,799 
   
   
 $ 
 (15,197 
 )  
   
 $ 
 7,881 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Settlement of Vested Common Units 
    
 $ 
 136,238 
   
   
 $ 
 127,392 
   
   
 $ 
 101,898 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Conversion of Blackstone Holdings Units to Common Units 
    
 $ 
 100,397 
   
   
 $ 
 59,334 
   
   
 $ 
 77,520 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Acquisition of Ownership Interests from Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
 Deferred Tax Asset 
    
 $ 
 (93,391 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (74,487 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (59,304 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
 $ 
 79,484 
   
   
 $ 
 63,430 
   
   
 $ 
 53,935 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
    
 $ 
 13,907 
   
   
 $ 
 11,057 
   
   
 $ 
 5,369 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Issuance of New Units 
    
 $ 
 24,970 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
 
   
 $ 
 —   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The following table provides a reconciliation of Cash and Cash Equivalents, Cash Held by Blackstone Funds
and Other, and Restricted Cash reported within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2018 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   


 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
 $ 
 2,207,841 
   
    
 $ 
 1,992,497 
   
 
   Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other 
    
   
 337,320 
   
    
   
 1,929,531 
   
 
   Restricted Cash included in Other Assets 
    
   
 —   
 
    
   
 14,461 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 2,545,161 
   
    
 $ 
 3,936,489 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      157
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
   
 
 
 1. 
   ORGANIZATION    The Blackstone Group L.P., together with its subsidiaries (“Blackstone” or the “Partnership”), is a leading global manager of private capital. The alternative asset management business
includes the management of private equity funds, real estate funds, real estate investment trusts (“REITs”), funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, credit-focused funds, collateralized loan obligation (“CLO”) vehicles, separately
managed accounts and registered investment companies (collectively referred to as the “Blackstone Funds”). Blackstone’s business is organized into four segments: Real Estate, Private Equity, Hedge Fund Solutions and Credit.
   The Partnership was formed as a Delaware limited partnership on March 12, 2007. The Partnership is managed and operated
by its general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., which is in turn wholly owned by Blackstone’s senior managing directors and controlled by one of Blackstone’s founders, Stephen A. Schwarzman (the “Founder”). The
activities of the Partnership are conducted through its holding partnerships: Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. (collectively,
“Blackstone Holdings”, “Blackstone Holdings Partnerships” or the “Holding Partnerships”). The Partnership, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, is the sole general partner in each of these Holding Partnerships.
   Generally, holders of the limited partner interests in the Holding Partnerships may, four times each year, exchange their
limited partnership interests (“Partnership Units”) for Blackstone common units, on a  one-to-one  basis, exchanging one Partnership Unit from each of the
Holding Partnerships for one Blackstone common unit.      
 
 
 2. 
   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    Basis of Presentation    The accompanying consolidated financial statements
of the Partnership have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”).    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Partnership, its wholly owned or majority-owned subsidiaries, the consolidated entities which are considered to be variable interest
entities and for which the Partnership is considered the primary beneficiary, and certain partnerships or similar entities which are not considered variable interest entities but in which the general partner is presumed to have control.  
 All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
 Restructurings within consolidated CLOs are treated as investment purchases or sales, as applicable, in the Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows.    Use of Estimates    The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and
accompanying notes. Management believes that estimates utilized in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are prudent and reasonable. Such estimates include those used in the valuation of investments and financial instruments and
the accounting for Goodwill and equity-based compensation. Actual results could differ from those estimates and such differences could be material.  
      158
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Consolidation    The Partnership consolidates all entities that it controls through a majority voting interest or otherwise, including those Blackstone Funds in which the general partner has a controlling financial
interest. The Partnership has a controlling financial interest in Blackstone Holdings because the limited partners do not have the right to dissolve the partnerships or have substantive kick out rights or participating rights that would overcome the
control held by the Partnership. Accordingly, the Partnership consolidates Blackstone Holdings and records  non-controlling  interests to reflect the economic interests of the limited partners of Blackstone
Holdings.    In addition, the Partnership consolidates all variable interest entities (“VIE”) in which it is the
primary beneficiary. An enterprise is determined to be the primary beneficiary if it holds a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is defined as (a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly
impact the entity’s economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The consolidation guidance requires an
analysis to determine (a) whether an entity in which the Partnership holds a variable interest is a VIE and (b) whether the Partnership’s involvement, through holding interests directly or indirectly in the entity or contractually
through other variable interests, would give it a controlling financial interest. Performance of that analysis requires the exercise of judgment.    The Partnership determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE at the time it becomes involved with a variable interest entity and continuously reconsiders that conclusion. In determining
whether the Partnership is the primary beneficiary, Blackstone evaluates its control rights as well as economic interests in the entity held either directly or indirectly by the Partnership. The consolidation analysis can generally be performed
qualitatively; however, if it is not readily apparent that the Partnership is not the primary beneficiary, a quantitative analysis may also be performed. Investments and redemptions (either by the Partnership, affiliates of the Partnership or third
parties) or amendments to the governing documents of the respective Blackstone Funds could affect an entity’s status as a VIE or the determination of the primary beneficiary. At each reporting date, the Partnership assesses whether it is the
primary beneficiary and will consolidate or deconsolidate accordingly.    Assets of consolidated VIEs that can only be used to
settle obligations of the consolidated VIE and liabilities of a consolidated VIE for which creditors (or beneficial interest holders) do not have recourse to the general credit of Blackstone are presented in a separate section in the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Condition.    Blackstone’s other disclosures regarding VIEs are discussed in Note 9.
“Variable Interest Entities”.    Revenue Recognition    Revenues primarily consist of management and advisory fees, incentive fees, investment income, interest and dividend revenue and other.  
 Management and advisory fees and incentive fees are accounted for as contracts with customers. Under the guidance for contracts with
customers, an entity is required to (a) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (b) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (c) determine the transaction price, (d) allocate the transaction price to the
performance obligations in the contract, and (e) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. In determining the transaction price, an entity may include variable consideration only to the extent that it is
probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized would not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. See Note 19. “Segment Reporting” for a disaggregated
presentation of revenues from contracts with customers.  
      159
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Investment Income represents the unrealized and realized gains and losses on the
Partnership’s Performance Allocations and Principal Investments. Interest and Dividend Revenue comprises primarily interest and dividend income earned on principal investments held by the Partnership. Other Revenue consists of miscellaneous
income and foreign exchange gains and losses arising on transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars.  
 Management and Advisory Fees, Net  — Management and Advisory Fees, Net are comprised of management fees, including base
management fees, transaction and other fees and advisory fees net of management fee reductions and offsets.    The Partnership
earns base management fees from limited partners of funds in each of its managed funds, at a fixed percentage of assets under management, net asset value, total assets, committed capital or invested capital. These customer contracts require the
Partnership to provide investment management services, which represents a performance obligation that the Partnership satisfies over time. Management fees are a form of variable consideration because the fees the Partnership is entitled to vary
based on fluctuations in the basis for the management fee. The amount recorded as revenue is generally determined at the end of the period because these management fees are payable on a regular basis (typically quarterly) and are not subject to
clawback once paid.    Transaction, advisory and other fees (including monitoring fees) are principally fees charged to the
limited partners of funds indirectly through the managed funds and portfolio companies. The investment advisory agreements generally require that the investment adviser reduce the amount of management fees payable by the limited partners to the
Partnership (“management fee reductions”) by an amount equal to a portion of the transaction and other fees paid to the Partnership by the portfolio companies. The amount of the reduction varies by fund, the type of fee paid by the
portfolio company and the previously incurred expenses of the fund. These fees and associated management fee reductions are a component of the transaction price for the Partnership’s performance obligation to provide investment management
services to the limited partners of funds and are recognized as changes to the transaction price in the period in which they are charged and the services are performed.    Management fee offsets are reductions to management fees payable by the limited partners of the Blackstone Funds, which are based on the amount such limited partners reimburse the Blackstone Funds or the
Partnership primarily for placement fees. Providing investment management services requires the Partnership to arrange for services on behalf of its customers. In those situations where the Partnership is acting as an agent on behalf of the limited
partners of funds, it presents the cost of services as net against management fee revenue. In all other situations, the Partnership is primarily responsible for fulfilling the services and is therefore acting as a principal for those arrangements.
As a result, the cost of those services is presented gross as Compensation or General, Administrative and Other expense, as appropriate, with any reimbursement from the limited partners of the funds recorded as Management and Advisory Fees, Net.
   Accrued but unpaid Management and Advisory Fees, net of management fee reductions and management fee offsets, as of the
reporting date are included in Accounts Receivable or Due from Affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    Incentive Fees —  Contractual fees earned based on the performance of Blackstone Funds (“Incentive Fees”) are a form of variable consideration in Blackstone’s contracts with
customers to provide investment management services. Incentive Fees are earned based on fund performance during the period, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, or high water marks, in accordance with the respective terms set out in
each fund’s governing agreements. Incentive Fees will not be recognized as revenue until (a) it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur, or (b) the uncertainty associated
with the  
      160
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Incentive Fees are typically recognized as revenue when realized at the end of the measurement period. Once realized, such fees are not subject to
clawback or reversal. Accrued but unpaid Incentive Fees charged directly to investors in Blackstone Funds as of the reporting date are recorded within Due from Affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.  
 Investment Income (Loss)  — Investment Income (Loss) represents the unrealized and realized gains and losses on the
Partnership’s Performance Allocations and Principal Investments.    In certain fund structures across private equity, real
estate, hedge fund solutions and credit-focused funds (“carry funds”), Blackstone, through its subsidiaries, invests alongside its limited partners in a partnership and is entitled to its  pro-rata 
share of the results of the fund (a  “pro-rata  allocation”). In addition to a  pro-rata  allocation, and assuming certain investment returns are achieved,
Blackstone is entitled to a disproportionate allocation of the income otherwise allocable to the limited partners, commonly referred to as carried interest (“Performance Allocations”).  
 Performance Allocations are made to the general partner based on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to
limited partners. At the end of each reporting period, the Partnership calculates the balance of accrued Performance Allocations (“Accrued Performance Allocations”) that would be due to the Partnership for each fund, pursuant to the fund
agreements, as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. As the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to
make adjustments to amounts recorded as Accrued Performance Allocations to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general partner or (b) negative performance that would
cause the amount due to the Partnership to be less than the amount previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general partner. In each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the
Accrued Performance Allocation on cumulative results compared to the Accrued Performance Allocation recorded to date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. The Partnership ceases to record negative Performance Allocations once
previously Accrued Performance Allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. The Partnership is not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative Performance Allocations over the life of a fund. Accrued
Performance Allocations as of the reporting date are reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    Performance Allocations are realized when an underlying investment is profitably disposed of and the fund’s cumulative returns are in excess of the preferred return or, in limited instances, after
certain thresholds for return of capital are met. Performance Allocations are subject to clawback to the extent that the Performance Allocation received to date exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results. As such, the accrual
for potential repayment of previously received Performance Allocations, which is a component of Due to Affiliates, represents all amounts previously distributed to Blackstone Holdings and  non-controlling 
interest holders that would need to be repaid to the Blackstone carry funds if the Blackstone carry funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the underlying funds’ investments as of the reporting date. The actual clawback
liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain funds, including certain Blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an
interim clawback liability.    Principal Investments include the unrealized and realized gains and losses on the
Partnership’s principal investments, including its investments in Blackstone Funds that are not consolidated and receive  pro-rata  allocations, its equity method investments, and other principal
investments. Income (Loss) on Principal Investments  
      161
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
is realized when the Partnership redeems all or a portion of its investment or when the Partnership receives cash income, such as dividends or distributions. Unrealized Income (Loss) on Principal
Investments results from changes in the fair value of the underlying investment as well as the reversal of unrealized gain (loss) at the time an investment is realized.    Interest and Dividend Revenue  — Interest and Dividend Revenue comprises primarily interest and dividend income earned on principal investments not accounted for under the equity method held by
Blackstone.    Other Revenue  — Other Revenue consists of miscellaneous income and foreign exchange gains and losses
arising on transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars.    Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
 GAAP establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability used in measuring
financial instruments at fair value. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument, the characteristics specific to the financial instrument and the state of the marketplace, including the
existence and transparency of transactions between market participants. Financial instruments with readily available quoted prices in active markets generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment
used in measuring fair value.    Financial instruments measured and reported at fair value are classified and disclosed based on
the observability of inputs used in the determination of fair values, as follows:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level I — Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical financial instruments as of the reporting date. The types of financial
instruments in Level I include listed equities, listed derivatives and mutual funds with quoted prices. The Partnership does not adjust the quoted price for these investments, even in situations where Blackstone holds a large position and a sale
could reasonably impact the quoted price.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level II — Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting
date, and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies. Financial instruments which are generally included in this category include corporate bonds and loans, including corporate bonds and loans held within CLO
vehicles, government and agency securities, less liquid and restricted equity securities, and certain  over-the-counter  derivatives where the fair value is based on
observable inputs. Senior and subordinated notes issued by CLO vehicles are classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level III — Pricing inputs are unobservable for the financial instruments and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity
for the financial instrument. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. Financial instruments that are included in this category generally include general and limited partnership interests
in private equity and real estate funds, credit-focused funds, distressed debt and  non-investment  grade residual interests in securitizations, certain corporate bonds and loans held within CLO vehicles, and
certain  over-the-counter  derivatives where the fair value is based on unobservable inputs.  
 In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the
determination of which category within the fair value hierarchy is appropriate for any given financial instrument is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Partnership’s assessment of the
significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument.  
      162
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Level II Valuation Techniques  
 Financial instruments classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy comprise debt instruments, including certain corporate loans
and bonds held by Blackstone’s consolidated CLO vehicles and debt securities sold, not yet purchased. Certain equity securities and derivative instruments valued using observable inputs are also classified as Level II.  
 The valuation techniques used to value financial instruments classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Debt Instruments and Equity Securities are valued on the basis of prices from an orderly transaction between market participants provided by reputable
dealers or pricing services. In determining the value of a particular investment, pricing services may use certain information with respect to transactions in such investments, quotations from dealers, pricing matrices and market transactions in
comparable investments and various relationships between investments. The valuation of certain equity securities is based on an observable price for an identical security adjusted for the effect of a restriction.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Freestanding Derivatives are valued using contractual cash flows and observable inputs comprising yield curves, foreign currency rates and credit
spreads.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Senior and subordinate notes issued by CLO vehicles are classified based on the more observable fair value of CLO assets less (a) the fair value
of any beneficial interests held by Blackstone, and (b) the carrying value of any beneficial interests that represent compensation for services.    Level III Valuation Techniques    In the absence of observable market prices,
Blackstone values its investments using valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis. For some investments little market activity may exist; management’s determination of fair value is then based on the best information available in
the circumstances, and may incorporate management’s own assumptions and involves a significant degree of judgment, taking into consideration a combination of internal and external factors, including the appropriate risk adjustments for  non-performance  and liquidity risks. Investments for which market prices are not observable include private investments in the equity of operating companies, real estate properties, certain funds of hedge funds and
credit-focused investments.    Private Equity Investments  — The fair values of private equity investments are
determined by reference to projected net earnings, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”), the discounted cash flow method, public market or private transactions, valuations for comparable companies and
other measures which, in many cases, are based on unaudited information at the time received. Valuations may be derived by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or transactions (for example, multiplying a key
performance metric of the investee company such as EBITDA by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables,
and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods. Where a discounted cash flow method is used, a terminal value is derived by reference to EBITDA or price/earnings exit multiples.  
 Real Estate Investments  —   The fair values of real estate investments are determined by considering projected operating
cash flows, sales of comparable assets, if any, and replacement costs among other measures. The methods used to estimate the fair value of real estate investments include the discounted cash flow method and/or capitalization rates (“cap
rates”) analysis. Valuations may be derived by reference to observable valuation measures  
      163
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
for comparable companies or assets (for example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company or asset, such as EBITDA, by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of
comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods. Where a discounted cash flow
method is used, a terminal value is derived by reference to an exit EBITDA multiple or capitalization rate. Additionally, where applicable, projected distributable cash flow through debt maturity will be considered in support of the
investment’s fair value.    Credit-Focused Investments  — The fair values of credit-focused investments are
generally determined on the basis of prices between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. For credit-focused investments that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available, Blackstone may
utilize other valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flow method or a market approach. The discounted cash flow method projects the expected cash flows of the debt instrument based on contractual terms, and discounts such cash flows
back to the valuation date using a market-based yield. The market-based yield is estimated using yields of publicly traded debt instruments issued by companies operating in similar industries as the subject investment, with similar leverage
statistics and time to maturity.    The market approach is generally used to determine the enterprise value of the issuer of a
credit investment, and considers valuation multiples of comparable companies or transactions. The resulting enterprise value will dictate whether or not such credit investment has adequate enterprise value coverage. In cases of distressed credit
instruments, the market approach may be used to estimate a recovery value in the event of a restructuring.    Investments, at Fair Value
   The Blackstone Funds are accounted for as investment companies under the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants Accounting and Auditing Guide,  Investment Companies , and in accordance with the GAAP guidance on investment companies and reflect their investments, including majority-owned and controlled investments (the “Portfolio
Companies”), at fair value. Such consolidated funds’ investments are reflected in Investments on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value
reflected as a component of Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Fair value is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date, at current market conditions (i.e., the exit price).    Blackstone’s principal
investments are presented at fair value with unrealized appreciation or depreciation and realized gains and losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations within Investment Income (Loss).  
 For certain instruments, the Partnership has elected the fair value option. Such election is irrevocable and is applied on an investment
by investment basis at initial recognition. The Partnership has applied the fair value option for certain loans and receivables and certain investments in private debt securities that otherwise would not have been carried at fair value with gains
and losses recorded in net income. The methodology for measuring the fair value of such investments is consistent with the methodology applied to private equity, real estate, credit-focused and funds of hedge funds investments. Changes in the fair
value of such instruments are recognized in Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interest income on interest bearing loans and receivables and debt securities on which the fair value option has been elected is based
on stated coupon rates adjusted for the accretion of purchase discounts and the amortization of purchase premiums. This interest income is recorded within Interest and Dividend Revenue.  
 The Partnership has elected the fair value option for the assets of consolidated CLO vehicles. As permitted under GAAP, the Partnership
measures the liabilities of consolidated CLO vehicles as (a) the sum of the fair value  
      164
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
of the consolidated CLO assets and the carrying value of any  non-financial  assets held temporarily, less (b) the sum of the fair value of any
beneficial interests retained by the Partnership (other than those that represent compensation for services) and the Partnership’s carrying value of any beneficial interests that represent compensation for services. As a result of this
measurement alternative, there is no attribution of amounts to  Non-Controlling  Interests for consolidated CLO vehicles. Assets of the consolidated CLOs are presented within Investments within the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Condition and Liabilities within Loans Payable for the amounts due to unaffiliated third parties and Due to Affiliates for the amounts held by  non-consolidated  affiliates. Changes in
the fair value of consolidated CLO assets and liabilities and related interest, dividend and other income are presented within Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities. Expenses of consolidated CLO vehicles are presented in Fund Expenses.
   The Partnership has elected the fair value option for certain proprietary investments that would otherwise have been
accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The fair value of such investments is based on quoted prices in an active market or using the discounted cash flow method. Changes in fair value are recognized in Investment Income (Loss) in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Further disclosure on instruments for which the fair value option has been elected is
presented in Note 7. “Fair Value Option”.    The investments of consolidated Blackstone Funds in funds of hedge
funds (“Investee Funds”) are valued at net asset value (“NAV”) per share of the Investee Fund. In limited circumstances, the Partnership may determine, based on its own due diligence and investment procedures, that NAV per share
does not represent fair value. In such circumstances, the Partnership will estimate the fair value in good faith and in a manner that it reasonably chooses, in accordance with the requirements of GAAP.  
 Certain investments of Blackstone and of the consolidated Blackstone funds of hedge funds and credit-focused funds measure their
investments in underlying funds at fair value using NAV per share without adjustment. The terms of the investee’s investment generally provide for minimum holding periods or  lock-ups,  the institution of
gates on redemptions or the suspension of redemptions or an ability to side pocket investments, at the discretion of the investee’s fund manager, and as a result, investments may not be redeemable at, or within three months of, the reporting
date. A side pocket is used by hedge funds and funds of hedge funds to separate investments that may lack a readily ascertainable value, are illiquid or are subject to liquidity restriction. Redemptions are generally not permitted until the
investments within a side pocket are liquidated or it is deemed that the conditions existing at the time that required the investment to be included in the side pocket no longer exist. As the timing of either of these events is uncertain, the timing
at which the Partnership may redeem an investment held in a side pocket cannot be estimated. Further disclosure on instruments for which fair value is measured using NAV per share is presented in Note 5. “Net Asset Value as Fair
Value”.    Security and loan transactions are recorded on a trade date basis.  
 Equity Method Investments  
 Investments in which the Partnership is deemed to exert significant influence, but not control, are accounted for using the equity method
of accounting except in cases where the fair value option has been elected. The Partnership has significant influence over all Blackstone Funds in which it invests but does not consolidate. Therefore, its investments in such Blackstone Funds, which
include both a proportionate and disproportionate allocation of the profits and losses (as is the case with carry funds that include a Performance Allocation), are accounted for under the equity method. Under the equity method of accounting, the
Partnership’s share of earnings (losses) from equity method investments is included in Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
      165
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  In cases where the Partnership’s equity method investments provide for a
disproportionate allocation of the profits and losses (as is the case with carry funds that include a Performance Allocation), the Partnership’s share of earnings (losses) from equity method investments is determined using a balance sheet
approach referred to as the hypothetical liquidation at book value (“HLBV”) method. Under the HLBV method, at the end of each reporting period the Partnership calculates the Accrued Performance Allocations that would be due to the
Partnership for each fund pursuant to the fund agreements as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. As the fair value of underlying investments varies
between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as Accrued Performance Allocations to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general
partner, or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to the Partnership to be less than the amount previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general
partner. In each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the Accrued Performance Allocation on cumulative results compared to the Accrued Performance Allocation recorded to date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. The Partnership
ceases to record negative Performance Allocations once previously Accrued Performance Allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. The Partnership is not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative
Performance Allocations over the life of a fund. The carrying amounts of equity method investments are reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    Cash and Cash Equivalents    Cash and Cash Equivalents represents cash on
hand, cash held in banks, money market funds and liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Interest income from cash and cash equivalents is recorded in Interest and Dividend Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations.    Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other    Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other represents cash and cash equivalents held by consolidated Blackstone Funds and other consolidated entities. Such amounts are not available to fund the general
liquidity needs of Blackstone.    Accounts Receivable    Accounts Receivable includes management fees receivable from limited partners, receivables from underlying funds in the fund of hedge funds business, placement and advisory fees receivables, receivables
relating to unsettled sale transactions and loans extended to unaffiliated third parties. Accounts Receivable, excluding those for which the fair value option has been elected, are assessed periodically for collectability. Amounts determined to be
uncollectible are charged directly to General, Administrative and Other Expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Intangibles
and Goodwill    Blackstone’s intangible assets consist of contractual rights to earn future fee income, including
management and advisory fees, Incentive Fees and Performance Allocations. Identifiable finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from three to twenty years, reflecting the
contractual lives of such assets. Amortization expense is included within General, Administrative and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Partnership does not hold any indefinite-lived intangible assets. Intangible assets are
reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.  
      166
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Goodwill comprises goodwill arising from the contribution and reorganization of the
Partnership’s predecessor entities in 2007 immediately prior to its IPO and the acquisitions of GSO in 2008, Strategic Partners in 2013, Harvest Fund Advisors LLC (“Harvest”) in 2017 and Clarus Ventures LLC (“Clarus”) in
2018. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least annually utilizing a qualitative or quantitative approach, and more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. The impairment testing for goodwill under the qualitative
approach is based first on a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of Blackstone’s operating segments is less than their respective carrying values. The operating segment is the reporting level
for testing the impairment of goodwill. If it is determined that it is more likely than not that an operating segment’s fair value is less than its carrying value or when the quantitative approach is used, a
 two-step  quantitative assessment is performed to (a) calculate the fair value of the operating segment and compare it to its carrying value, and (b) if the carrying value exceeds its fair value, to
measure an impairment loss.    Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements  
 Furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements consist primarily of leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, computer
hardware and software and are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the assets’ estimated useful economic lives, which for leasehold
improvements are the lesser of the lease terms or the life of the asset, generally ten to fifteen years, and three to seven years for other fixed assets. The Partnership evaluates long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.    Foreign Currency  
 In the normal course of business, the Partnership may enter into transactions not denominated in United States dollars. Foreign exchange
gains and losses arising on such transactions are recorded as Other Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising within consolidated Blackstone Funds are recorded in Net Gains (Losses)
from Fund Investment Activities. In addition, the Partnership consolidates a number of entities that have a  non-U.S.  dollar functional currency.  Non-U.S.  dollar
denominated assets and liabilities are translated to U.S. dollars at the exchange rate prevailing at the reporting date and income, expenses, gains and losses are translated at the prevailing exchange rate on the dates that they were recorded.
Cumulative translation adjustments arising from the translation of  non-U.S.  dollar denominated operations are recorded in Other Comprehensive Income and allocated to
 Non-Controlling  Interests in Consolidated Entities and  Non-Controlling  Interests in Blackstone Holdings, as applicable.  
 Comprehensive Incom e  
 Comprehensive Income consists of Net Income and Other Comprehensive Income. The Partnership’s Other Comprehensive Income is comprised
of foreign currency cumulative translation adjustments.    Non-Controlling  Interests in Consolidated
Entities    Non-Controlling  Interests in Consolidated Entities represent the
component of Partners’ Capital in consolidated Blackstone Funds held by third party investors and employees. The percentage interests held by third parties and employees is adjusted for general partner allocations and by subscriptions and
redemptions in funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds which occur during the reporting period. In addition, all  non-controlling  interests in consolidated Blackstone Funds are attributed a share
of income (loss) arising from the respective funds and a share  
      167
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
of other comprehensive income, if applicable. Income (Loss) is allocated to  non-controlling  interests in consolidated entities based on the relative
ownership interests of third party investors and employees after considering any contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income (loss) such as fees allocable to The Blackstone Group L.P.  
 Redeemable  Non-Controlling  Interests in Consolidated Entities  
 Non-controlling  interests related to funds of hedge funds are subject to annual, semi-annual or
quarterly redemption by investors in these funds following the expiration of a specified period of time, or may be withdrawn subject to a redemption fee during the period when capital may not be withdrawn. As limited partners in these types of funds
have been granted redemption rights, amounts relating to third party interests in such consolidated funds are presented as Redeemable  Non-Controlling  Interests in Consolidated Entities within the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Condition. When redeemable amounts become legally payable to investors, they are classified as a liability and included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Condition. For all consolidated funds in which redemption rights have not been granted,  non-controlling  interests are presented within Partners’ Capital in the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Condition as  Non-Controlling  Interests in Consolidated Entities.  
 Non-Controlling  Interests in Blackstone Holdings  
 Non-Controlling  Interests in Blackstone Holdings represent the component of Partners’ Capital
in the consolidated Blackstone Holdings Partnerships held by Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships.    Certain costs and expenses are borne directly by the Holdings Partnerships. Income (Loss), excluding those costs directly borne by and attributable to the Holdings Partnerships, is attributable to  Non-Controlling  Interests in Blackstone Holdings. This residual attribution is based on the year to date average percentage of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by Blackstone personnel and others who are
limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships.    Compensation and Benefits  
 Compensation and Benefits  —  Compensation  — Compensation consists of (a) salary and bonus, and benefits paid
and payable to employees and senior managing directors and (b) equity-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to employees and senior managing directors. Compensation cost relating to the issuance of equity-based
awards to senior managing directors and employees is measured at fair value at the grant date, and expensed over the vesting period on a straight-line basis, taking into consideration expected forfeitures, except in the case of (a) equity-based
awards that do not require future service, which are expensed immediately, and (b) certain awards to recipients that meet criteria making them eligible for retirement (allowing such recipient to keep a percentage of those awards upon departure
from Blackstone after becoming eligible for retirement), for which the expense for the portion of the award that would be retained in the event of retirement is either expensed immediately or amortized to the retirement date. Cash settled
equity-based awards are classified as liabilities and are remeasured at the end of each reporting period.    Compensation and
Benefits — Incentive Fee Compensation —  Incentive Fee Compensation consists of compensation paid based on Incentive Fees.    Compensation and Benefits — Performance Allocations Compensation —  Performance Allocation Compensation consists of compensation paid based on Performance Allocations (which may be
distributed in cash  
      168
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
or  in-kind).  Such compensation expense is subject to both positive and negative adjustments. Unlike Performance Allocations, compensation expense is based
on the performance of individual investments held by a fund rather than on a fund by fund basis. These amounts may also include allocations of investment income from Blackstone’s principal investments, to senior managing directors and employees
participating in certain profit sharing initiatives.    Other Income  
 Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations include net realized gains (losses) from
realizations and sales of investments, the net change in unrealized gains (losses) resulting from changes in the fair value of investments and interest income and expense and dividends attributable to the consolidated Blackstone Funds’
investments.    Expenses incurred by consolidated Blackstone funds are separately presented within Fund Expenses in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Other Income also includes amounts attributable to the Reduction of the Tax Receivable
Agreement Liability. See Note 14. “Income Taxes — Other Income — Reduction of the Tax Receivable Agreement Liability” for additional information.    Income Taxes    The Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and certain of their
subsidiaries operate in the U.S. as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and generally as corporate entities in  non-U.S.  jurisdictions. Accordingly, these entities in some cases are subject to New
York City unincorporated business taxes or  non-U.S.  income taxes. In addition, certain of the wholly owned subsidiaries of the Partnership and the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships will be subject to federal,
state and local corporate income taxes at the entity level and the related tax provision attributable to the Partnership’s share of this income tax is reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method of accounting. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis, using tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.
The effect on deferred assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period when the change is enacted. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion or
all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Current and deferred tax liabilities are recorded within Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.  
 Blackstone uses the flow-through method to account for investment tax credits. Under this method, the investment tax credits are
recognized as a reduction to income tax expense.    Blackstone analyzes its tax filing positions in all of the U.S. federal,
state, local and foreign tax jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns, as well as for all open tax years in these jurisdictions. Blackstone records unrecognized tax benefits on the basis of a
 two-step  process: (a) determination is made whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position and (b) those tax positions that
meet the more likely than not threshold are recognized as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. Blackstone recognizes accrued interest
and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in General, Administrative, and Other expenses within the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
      169
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Net Income (Loss) Per Common Unit  
 Basic Income (Loss) Per Common Unit is calculated by dividing Net Income (Loss) Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. by the
weighted-average number of common units, unvested participating common units outstanding for the period and vested deferred restricted common units that have been earned for which issuance of the related common units is deferred until future
periods. Diluted Income (Loss) Per Common Unit reflects the assumed conversion of all dilutive securities. Diluted Income (Loss) Per Common Unit excludes the anti-dilutive effect of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and deferred restricted
common units, as applicable.    The Partnership applies the treasury stock method to determine the dilutive weighted-average
common units outstanding. The Partnership applies the  “if-converted”  method to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to determine the dilutive weighted-average common units represented by the
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.    Repurchase Agreements    Securities purchased under agreements to resell (“reverse repurchase agreements”) and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (“repurchase agreements”), comprised primarily of
U.S. and  non-U.S.  government and agency securities, asset-backed securities and corporate debt, represent collateralized financing transactions. Such transactions are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Condition at their contractual amounts and include accrued interest. The carrying value of repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements approximates fair value.    The Partnership manages credit exposure arising from reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements by, in appropriate circumstances, entering into master netting agreements and collateral
arrangements with counterparties that provide the Partnership, in the event of a counterparty default, the right to liquidate collateral and the right to offset a counterparty’s rights and obligations.  
 The Partnership takes possession of securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and is permitted to repledge, deliver or
otherwise use such securities. The Partnership also pledges its financial instruments to counterparties to collateralize repurchase agreements. Financial instruments pledged that can be repledged, delivered or otherwise used by the counterparty are
recorded in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Additional disclosures relating to repurchase agreements are discussed in Note 10. “Repurchase Agreements”.  
 Blackstone does not offset assets and liabilities relating to reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements in its Consolidated
Statements of Financial Condition. Additional disclosures relating to offsetting are discussed in Note 12. “Offsetting of Assets and Liabilities”.    Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased    Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased
consist of equity and debt securities that the Partnership has borrowed and sold. The Partnership is required to “cover” its short sale in the future by purchasing the security at prevailing market prices and delivering it to the
counterparty from which it borrowed the security. The Partnership is exposed to loss in the event that the price at which a security may have to be purchased to cover a short sale exceeds the price at which the borrowed security was sold short.
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased are recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.
 
      170
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Derivative Instruments    The Partnership recognizes all derivatives as assets or liabilities on its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at fair value. On the date the Partnership enters into a derivative contract, it
designates and documents each derivative contract as one of the following: (a) a hedge of a recognized asset or liability (“fair value hedge”), (b) a hedge of a forecasted transaction or of the variability of cash flows to be
received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability (“cash flow hedge”), (c) a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation, or (d) a derivative instrument not designated as a hedging instrument (“freestanding
derivative”). For a fair value hedge, Blackstone records changes in the fair value of the derivative and, to the extent that it is highly effective, changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability attributable to the hedged risk, in
current period earnings in General, Administrative and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as hedging instruments caused by factors other than changes in the risk being hedged,
which are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness, are recognized in current period earnings. Gains or losses on a derivative instrument that is designated as, and is effective as, an economic hedge of a net investment in a foreign
operation are reported in the cumulative translation adjustment section of other comprehensive income to the extent it is effective as a hedge. The ineffective portion of a net investment hedge is recognized in current period earnings.  
 The Partnership formally documents at inception its hedge relationships, including identification of the hedging instruments and the
hedged items, its risk management objectives, strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction and the Partnership’s evaluation of effectiveness of its hedged transaction. At least monthly, the Partnership also formally assesses whether the
derivative it designated in each hedging relationship is expected to be, and has been, highly effective in offsetting changes in estimated fair values or cash flows of the hedged items using either the regression analysis or the dollar offset
method. For net investment hedges, the Partnership uses a method based on changes in spot rates to measure effectiveness. If it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective at hedging the designated exposure, hedge accounting is
discontinued. The Partnership may also at any time remove a designation of a fair value hedge. The fair values of hedging derivative instruments are reflected within Other Assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.  
 For freestanding derivative contracts, the Partnership presents changes in fair value in current period earnings. Changes in the fair
value of derivative instruments held by consolidated Blackstone Funds are reflected in Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities or, where derivative instruments are held by the Partnership, within Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations. The fair value of freestanding derivative assets of the consolidated Blackstone Funds are recorded within Investments, the fair value of freestanding derivative assets that are not part of the consolidated Blackstone Funds
are recorded within Other Assets and the fair value of freestanding derivative liabilities are recorded within Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.  
 The Partnership has elected to not offset derivative assets and liabilities or financial assets in its Consolidated Statements of
Financial Condition, including cash, that may be received or paid as part of collateral arrangements, even when an enforceable master netting agreement is in place that provides the Partnership, in the event of counterparty default, the right to
liquidate collateral and the right to offset a counterparty’s rights and obligations.    Blackstone’s other
disclosures regarding derivative financial instruments are discussed in Note 6. “Derivative Financial Instruments”.    Blackstone’s disclosures regarding offsetting are discussed in Note 12. “Offsetting of Assets and Liabilities”.  
      171
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Affiliates    Blackstone considers its Founder, senior managing directors, employees, the Blackstone Funds and the Portfolio Companies to be affiliates.    Distributions    Distributions are reflected in the consolidated financial
statements when declared.    Recent Accounting Developments    In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued amended guidance on revenue from contracts with customers. The new guidance was effective for Blackstone beginning
January 1, 2018 and was adopted on a full retrospective basis. The guidance requires that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to
which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. An entity is required to (a) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (b) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (c) determine the
transaction price, (d) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (e) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. In determining the transaction price, an entity may
include variable consideration only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized would not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved.  
 Blackstone has concluded that its Management and Advisory Fees and Incentive Fees are within the scope of the amended revenue recognition
guidance. The adoption of the amended guidance did not have a material impact on the recognition of Management and Advisory Fees. For Incentive Fees, the amended guidance changes the presentation and delays the recognition of revenues compared to
the prior accounting treatment. These amounts were previously recognized within Realized and Unrealized Performance Fees — Incentive Fees in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Under the amended guidance, these amounts will be
recognized separately within Incentive Fees. Blackstone recorded a net reduction to Partners’ Capital of $2.2 million as of December 31, 2015, as a result of adopting the amended guidance. For the twelve months ended
December 31, 2016, the impact on Total Revenues and Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. was an increase of $20.5 million and $0.2 million, respectively, while Net Income Per Common Unit — Basic, and Net
Income Per Common Unit — Diluted remained the same. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2017, the impact on Total Revenues and Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. was a reduction of $26.0 million,
$0.5 million, respectively, while Net Income Per Common Unit — Basic, and Net Income Per Common Unit — Diluted remained the same. Also, the reimbursement of certain costs incurred in the process of providing investment management
services, primarily travel costs, that were previously presented net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations are presented gross under the amended guidance. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2016 and 2017, these costs were
$21.3 million and $22.3 million, respectively, and are presented in General, Administrative and Other Expenses with the related reimbursement presented in Management and Advisory Fees, Net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
   Blackstone has concluded that investments made alongside its limited partners in a partnership which entitle Blackstone to a  pro-rata  allocation and a disproportionate Performance Allocation represent equity method investments that are not in the scope of the amended revenue recognition guidance. Therefore, effective
January 1, 2018, Blackstone amended the recognition and measurement of Performance Allocations. This accounting change will not change the timing or amount of revenue recognized related to Performance Allocation arrangements. These amounts
were previously recognized within Realized and Unrealized Performance Fees — Carried Interest and Incentive Fees  
      172
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Under the equity method of accounting Blackstone recognizes Performance Allocations within Investment Income along with the allocations proportionate
to Blackstone’s ownership interests in the Blackstone Funds. Blackstone applied a retrospective application consistent with the requirements for presentation of a change in accounting principle.  
 In January 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The new guidance
was effective for Blackstone beginning on January 1, 2018 and was adopted on a modified retrospective basis. However, changes to the accounting for equity securities without a readily determinable fair value were applied prospectively as
permitted under the guidance. Adoption did not have a material impact on Blackstone’s consolidated financial statements.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance on the accounting for leases. The guidance requires the recognition of lease
assets and lease liabilities for those leases classified as operating leases under previous GAAP. The guidance retains a distinction between finance leases and operating leases. The classification criteria for distinguishing between finance leases
and operating leases are substantially similar to the classification criteria for distinguishing between capital leases and operating leases under previous GAAP. The recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a
lease by a lessee have not changed significantly from previous GAAP.    For operating leases, a lessee is required to do the
following: (a) recognize a  right-of-use  asset and a lease liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease payments, in the Statement of Financial
Condition, (b) recognize a single lease cost, calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term on a generally straight-line basis, and (c) classify all cash payments within operating activities in the statement of
cash flows.    The guidance is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2018. In July 2018, the FASB
issued targeted improvements to the amended guidance, which included a new transition method allowing entities to initially apply the new leases standard at the adoption date (January 1, 2019 for Blackstone) and recognize a cumulative-effect
adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. Prior to that issuance, adoption was required on a modified retrospective basis. Blackstone expects to elect the new transition alternative upon adoption, and also
expects to elect a package of practical expedients made available earlier by the FASB which result in no requirement to reassess (a) whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases, (b) the lease classification for any
expired or existing leases or (c) the recognition requirements for initial direct costs for any existing leases. Blackstone is finalizing the impact of the amended guidance on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition, which is expected
to result in recognition of an operating liability equal to the present value of the remaining lease payments on existing leases as of January 1, 2019 and a corresponding
 right-of-use  asset. The amended guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Consolidated Statements of Operations or the Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows.    In November 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance on classification and presentation of restricted cash on the
statement of cash flows. The new guidance was effective for Blackstone beginning on January 1, 2018 and was adopted on a retrospective basis. Under the new guidance, reporting entities are required to explain the changes in the combined
total of restricted and unrestricted balances in the statement of cash flows. Therefore, amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents (hereinafter referred to as “restricted cash”) should be combined with
unrestricted cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning and end of period balances on the statement of cash flows. Reporting entities are also required to disclose how the statement of cash flows reconciles to the balance sheet in any
situation in which the balance sheet includes more than one line item of  
      173
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2016 the new guidance resulted in a decrease in Net Cash Used in Operating Activities of
$452.7 million, a decrease in Net Cash Used in Investing Activities of $7.2 million, and a decrease in Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents, Cash Held by Blackstone Funds, and Restricted Cash of $34.1 million.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2017 the new guidance resulted in a decrease in Net Cash Used in Operating Activities of $822.3 million, an increase in Net Cash Used in Investing Activities of $5.1 million, and an
increase in Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents, Cash Held by Blackstone Funds, and Restricted Cash of $103.0 million. Additionally, the new guidance increased the December 31, 2015 End of Period,
December 31, 2016 End of Period and December 31, 2017 End of Period balances by $597.9 million, $1.0 billion and $1.9 billion, respectively, in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2016 and 2017.    In August 2018, the FASB issued amended guidance on the disclosure requirements for
fair value measurement. The amended guidance added, eliminated and modified disclosures for investments measured at fair value. The guidance is effective January 1, 2020. However, Blackstone has early adopted the amendments, as is permitted,
for the period ended September 30, 2018. The impact of the amended guidance on Blackstone was the removal of the requirements to disclose (a) the amount and reasons for transfers between Level I and Level II investments of the fair value
hierarchy, (b) the policy for timing of transfers between levels and (c) the valuation process for Level III fair value measurements. The amended guidance also required modification to Blackstone’s disclosure to clarify that
information regarding measurement uncertainty is provided as of the relevant reporting date. The requirements to provide additional disclosures did not impact Blackstone as those disclosures had already been provided in prior periods.  
   
 
 
 3. 
   GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS    On November 30, 2018, Blackstone completed its acquisition of Clarus, a global life sciences investment firm, which resulted in an increase of Goodwill of $91.7 million and an increase in
Intangible Assets, primarily comprising of contractual rights to earn future fee income, of $117.7 million. Goodwill arising from the acquisition has been allocated to the Private Equity segment.  
 The carrying value of Goodwill was $1.9 billion and $1.8 billion as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. At
December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Partnership determined there was no evidence of Goodwill impairment.    At
December 31, 2018, Goodwill has been allocated to each of the Partnership’s four segments as follows: Real Estate ($421.7 million), Private Equity ($870.0 million), Hedge Fund Solutions ($172.1 million), and Credit
($406.1 million). At December 31, 2017, Goodwill has been allocated to each of the Partnership’s four segments as follows: Real Estate ($421.7 million), Private Equity ($778.3 million), Hedge Fund Solutions
($172.1 million), and Credit ($406.1 million).    Intangible Assets, Net consists of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Finite-Lived Intangible Assets / Contractual Rights 
    
 $ 
 1,712,576 
   
    
 $ 
 1,594,876 
   
 
   Accumulated Amortization 
    
   
 (1,244,069 
 )  
    
   
 (1,185,048 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Intangible Assets, Net 
    
 $ 
 468,507 
   
    
 $ 
 409,828 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      174
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Changes in the Partnership’s Intangible Assets, Net consists of the following:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Balance, Beginning of Year 
    
 $ 
 409,828 
   
    
 $ 
 262,604 
   
    
 $ 
 345,547 
   
 
   Amortization Expense 
    
   
 (59,021 
 )  
    
   
 (46,776 
 )  
    
   
 (82,943 
 )  
 
   Acquisitions 
    
   
 117,700 
   
    
   
 194,000 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Year 
    
 $ 
 468,507 
   
    
 $ 
 409,828 
   
    
 $ 
 262,604 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Amortization of Intangible Assets held at December 31, 2018 is expected to be $71.0 million,
$71.0 million, $71.0 million, $63.3 million and $34.3 million for each of the years ending December 31, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023, respectively. Blackstone’s Intangible Assets as of December 31, 2018
are expected to amortize over a weighted-average period of 8.6 years.      
 
 
 4. 
   INVESTMENTS    Investments consist of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
    
 $ 
 8,376,338 
   
    
 $ 
 12,954,121 
   
 
   Equity Method Investments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Partnership Investments 
    
   
 3,649,423 
   
    
   
 3,263,131 
   
 
   Accrued Performance Allocations 
    
   
 5,883,924 
   
    
   
 5,328,280 
   
 
   Corporate Treasury Investments 
    
   
 2,206,493 
   
    
   
 2,566,043 
   
 
   Other Investments 
    
   
 260,853 
   
    
   
 322,474 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 20,377,031 
   
    
 $ 
 24,434,049 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Blackstone’s share of Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds totaled $366.5 million and
$488.4 million at December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively.    Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds
   The following table presents the Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) on investments held by the
consolidated Blackstone Funds and a reconciliation to Other Income — Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Realized Gains 
    
 $ 
 74,784 
   
   
 $ 
 165,106 
   
   
 $ 
 123,524 
   
 
   Net Change in Unrealized Losses 
    
   
 (54,697 
 )  
   
   
 (21,016 
 )  
   
   
 (61,045 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) from Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
    
   
 20,087 
   
   
   
 144,090 
   
   
   
 62,479 
   
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue Attributable to Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
    
   
 171,635 
   
   
   
 177,507 
   
   
   
 122,271 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other Income — Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities 
    
 $ 
 191,722 
   
   
 $ 
 321,597 
   
   
 $ 
 184,750 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      175
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Equity Method Investments  
 Blackstone’s equity method investments include Partnership Investments, which represent the pro rata investments, and any associated
Accrued Performance Allocations, in private equity funds, real estate funds, funds of hedge funds and credit-focused funds. Partnership Investments also includes the 40%  non-controlling  interest in
Pátria Investments Limited and Pátria Investimentos Ltda. (collectively, “Pátria”).    Blackstone
evaluates each of its equity method investments, excluding Accrued Performance Allocations, to determine if any were significant as defined by guidance from the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). As of and for the
years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, no individual equity method investment held by Blackstone met the significance criteria. As such, Blackstone is not required to present separate financial statements for any of its equity method
investments.    Partnership Investments    Blackstone recognized net gains related to its Partnership Investments accounted for under the equity method of $430.6 million, $609.5 million and $214.4 million for the years ended
December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.    The summarized financial information of the Partnership’s equity
method investments for December 31, 2018 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2018 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
   
 Real 
   
   
 Private 
   
   
 Hedge Fund 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Estate 
   
   
 Equity 
   
   
 Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Other (a) 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Statement of Financial Condition 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments 
   
 $ 
 89,742,226 
   
   
 $ 
 79,718,783 
   
   
 $ 
 26,336,573 
   
   
 $ 
 24,634,380 
   
   
 $ 
 353 
   
   
 $ 
 220,432,315 
   
 
   Other Assets 
   
   
 3,542,235 
   
   
   
 2,257,152 
   
   
   
 3,119,639 
   
   
   
 1,706,579 
   
   
   
 125,007 
   
   
   
 10,750,612 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
   
 $ 
 93,284,461 
   
   
 $ 
 81,975,935 
   
   
 $ 
 29,456,212 
   
   
 $ 
 26,340,959 
   
   
 $ 
 125,360 
   
   
 $ 
 231,182,927 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Debt 
   
 $ 
 15,081,536 
   
   
 $ 
  9,989,289 
   
   
 $ 
  350,982 
   
   
 $ 
 5,087,998 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
  30,509,805 
   
 
   Other Liabilities 
   
   
 3,568,159 
   
   
   
 749,043 
   
   
   
 1,529,466 
   
   
   
 1,338,712 
   
   
   
 28,295 
   
   
   
 7,213,675 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
   
   
 18,649,695 
   
   
   
 10,738,332 
   
   
   
 1,880,448 
   
   
   
 6,426,710 
   
   
   
 28,295 
   
   
   
 37,723,480 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 74,634,766 
   
   
   
 71,237,603 
   
   
   
 27,575,764 
   
   
   
 19,914,249 
   
   
   
 97,065 
   
   
   
 193,459,447 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 $ 
 93,284,461 
   
   
 $ 
 81,975,935 
   
   
 $ 
 29,456,212 
   
   
 $ 
 26,340,959 
   
   
 $ 
 125,360 
   
   
 $ 
 231,182,927 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Statement of Operations 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Income 
   
 $ 
 377,615 
   
   
 $ 
  1,022,387 
   
   
 $ 
  6,695 
   
   
 $ 
 1,130,490 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
  2,537,187 
   
 
   Other Income 
   
   
 1,244,754 
   
   
   
 92,696 
   
   
   
 166,842 
   
   
   
 417,883 
   
   
   
 106,525 
   
   
   
 2,028,700 
   
 
   Interest Expense 
   
   
 (518,137 
 )  
   
   
 (278,348 
 )  
   
   
 (17,780 
 )  
   
   
 (228,734 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,042,999 
 )  
 
   Other Expenses 
   
   
 (921,990 
 )  
   
   
 (903,737 
 )  
   
   
 (150,135 
 )  
   
   
 (547,612 
 )  
   
   
 (65,249 
 )  
   
   
 (2,588,723 
 )  
 
   Net Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) from Investments 
   
   
 4,437,434 
   
   
   
 10,172,066 
   
   
   
 352,018 
   
   
   
 (733,747 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 14,227,771 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income 
   
 $ 
 4,619,676 
   
   
 $ 
 10,105,064 
   
   
 $ 
  357,640 
   
   
 $ 
 38,280 
   
   
 $ 
 41,276 
   
   
 $ 
  15,161,936 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Other represents the summarized financial information of equity method investments whose results, for segment reporting purposes, have been
allocated across more than one of Blackstone’s segments.  
      176
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The summarized financial information of the Partnership’s equity method investments
for December 31, 2017 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2017 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
   
 Real 
   
   
 Private 
   
   
 Hedge Fund 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Estate 
   
   
 Equity 
   
   
 Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Other (a) 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Statement of Financial Condition 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments 
   
 $ 
 67,780,737 
   
   
 $ 
 50,339,913 
   
   
 $ 
 21,639,763 
   
   
 $ 
 22,593,717 
   
   
 $ 
 363 
   
   
 $ 
 162,354,493 
   
 
   Other Assets 
   
   
 3,077,573 
   
   
   
 2,283,602 
   
   
   
 1,969,832 
   
   
   
 1,573,279 
   
   
   
 154,131 
   
   
   
 9,058,417 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
   
 $ 
 70,858,310 
   
   
 $ 
 52,623,515 
   
   
 $ 
 23,609,595 
   
   
 $ 
 24,166,996 
   
   
 $ 
 154,494 
   
   
 $ 
 171,412,910 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Debt 
   
 $ 
 6,329,068 
   
   
 $ 
 6,779,634 
   
   
 $ 
 53,787 
   
   
 $ 
 4,896,346 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 18,058,835 
   
 
   Other Liabilities 
   
   
 1,618,408 
   
   
   
 430,763 
   
   
   
 1,150,307 
   
   
   
 420,988 
   
   
   
 39,923 
   
   
   
 3,660,389 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
   
   
 7,947,476 
   
   
   
 7,210,397 
   
   
   
 1,204,094 
   
   
   
 5,317,334 
   
   
   
 39,923 
   
   
   
 21,719,224 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 62,910,834 
   
   
   
 45,413,118 
   
   
   
 22,405,501 
   
   
   
 18,849,662 
   
   
   
 114,571 
   
   
   
 149,693,686 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 $ 
 70,858,310 
   
   
 $ 
 52,623,515 
   
   
 $ 
 23,609,595 
   
   
 $ 
 24,166,996 
   
   
 $ 
 154,494 
   
   
 $ 
 171,412,910 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Statement of Operations 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Income 
   
 $ 
 485,751 
   
   
 $ 
 362,788 
   
   
 $ 
 2,942 
   
   
 $ 
 928,670 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 1,780,151 
   
 
   Other Income 
   
   
 1,334,544 
   
   
   
 45,770 
   
   
   
 91,006 
   
   
   
 178,281 
   
   
   
 107,204 
   
   
   
 1,756,805 
   
 
   Interest Expense 
   
   
 (180,258 
 )  
   
   
 (121,876 
 )  
   
   
 (2,086 
 )  
   
   
 (127,153 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (431,373 
 )  
 
   Other Expenses 
   
   
 (703,165 
 )  
   
   
 (568,369 
 )  
   
   
 (435,974 
 )  
   
   
 (258,157 
 )  
   
   
 (57,830 
 )  
   
   
 (2,023,495 
 )  
 
   Net Realized and Unrealized Gain from Investments 
   
   
 12,223,852 
   
   
   
 7,892,937 
   
   
   
 1,054,516 
   
   
   
 584,366 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 21,755,671 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income 
   
 $ 
 13,160,724 
   
   
 $ 
 7,611,250 
   
   
 $ 
 710,404 
   
   
 $ 
 1,306,007 
   
   
 $ 
 49,374 
   
   
 $ 
 22,837,759 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Other represents the summarized financial information of equity method investments whose results, for segment reporting purposes, have been
allocated across more than one of Blackstone’s segments.  
      177
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The summarized financial information of the Partnership’s equity method investments
for December 31, 2016 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2016 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
   
 Real 
   
   
 Private 
   
   
 Hedge Fund 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Estate 
   
   
 Equity 
   
   
 Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Other (a) 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Statement of Financial Condition 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments 
   
 $ 
 62,370,093 
   
   
 $ 
 49,751,021 
   
   
 $ 
 21,007,134 
   
   
 $ 
 17,804,292 
   
   
 $ 
 7,354 
   
   
 $ 
 150,939,894 
   
 
   Other Assets 
   
   
 4,384,031 
   
   
   
 2,815,042 
   
   
   
 2,434,590 
   
   
   
 1,478,119 
   
   
   
 173,917 
   
   
   
 11,285,699 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
   
 $ 
 66,754,124 
   
   
 $ 
 52,566,063 
   
   
 $ 
 23,441,724 
   
   
 $ 
 19,282,411 
   
   
 $ 
 181,271 
   
   
 $ 
 162,225,593 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Debt 
   
 $ 
 4,034,184 
   
   
 $ 
 3,715,079 
   
   
 $ 
 73,915 
   
   
 $ 
 2,495,778 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 10,318,956 
   
 
   Other Liabilities 
   
   
 1,591,727 
   
   
   
 1,254,211 
   
   
   
 1,837,583 
   
   
   
 701,986 
   
   
   
 51,266 
   
   
   
 5,436,773 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
   
   
 5,625,911 
   
   
   
 4,969,290 
   
   
   
 1,911,498 
   
   
   
 3,197,764 
   
   
   
 51,266 
   
   
   
 15,755,729 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 61,128,213 
   
   
   
 47,596,773 
   
   
   
 21,530,226 
   
   
   
 16,084,647 
   
   
   
 130,005 
   
   
   
 146,469,864 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 $ 
 66,754,124 
   
   
 $ 
 52,566,063 
   
   
 $ 
 23,441,724 
   
   
 $ 
 19,282,411 
   
   
 $ 
 181,271 
   
   
 $ 
 162,225,593 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Statement of Operations 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Income 
   
 $ 
 445,166 
   
   
 $ 
 353,179 
   
   
 $ 
 439 
   
   
 $ 
 849,508 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 1,648,292 
   
 
   Other Income 
   
   
 1,499,503 
   
   
   
 10,620 
   
   
   
 35,264 
   
   
   
 32,628 
   
   
   
 104,669 
   
   
   
 1,682,684 
   
 
   Interest Expense 
   
   
 (141,097 
 )  
   
   
 (82,370 
 )  
   
   
 (1,410 
 )  
   
   
 (157,921 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (382,798 
 )  
 
   Other Expenses 
   
   
 (605,538 
 )  
   
   
 (473,790 
 )  
   
   
 (150,964 
 )  
   
   
 (224,345 
 )  
   
   
 (56,407 
 )  
   
   
 (1,511,044 
 )  
 
   Net Realized and Unrealized Gain from Investments 
   
   
 5,368,361 
   
   
   
 4,870,332 
   
   
   
 226,368 
   
   
   
 1,186,038 
   
   
   
 515 
   
   
   
 11,651,614 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income 
   
 $ 
 6,566,395 
   
   
 $ 
 4,677,971 
   
   
 $ 
 109,697 
   
   
 $ 
 1,685,908 
   
   
 $ 
 48,777 
   
   
 $ 
 13,088,748 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Other represents the summarized financial information of equity method investments whose results, for segment reporting purposes, have been
allocated across more than one of Blackstone’s segments.    Accrued Performance Allocations  
 Accrued Performance Allocations to the Partnership in respect of certain Blackstone Funds were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Accrued Performance Allocations, December 31, 2017 
    
 $ 
 2,859,307 
   
   
 $ 
 1,916,971 
   
   
 $ 
 13,802 
   
   
 $ 
 538,200 
   
   
 $ 
 5,328,280 
   
 
   Performance Allocations as a Result of Changes in Fund Fair Values 
    
   
 991,133 
   
   
   
 1,456,671 
   
   
   
 33,185 
   
   
   
 (16,058 
 )  
   
   
 2,464,931 
   
 
   Foreign Exchange Loss 
    
   
 (27,051 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (27,051 
 )  
 
   Fund Distributions 
    
   
 (970,128 
 )  
   
   
 (731,523 
 )  
   
   
 (24,066 
 )  
   
   
 (156,519 
 )  
   
   
 (1,882,236 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accrued Performance Allocations, December 31, 2018 
    
 $ 
 2,853,261 
   
   
 $ 
 2,642,119 
   
   
 $ 
 22,921 
   
   
 $ 
 365,623 
   
   
 $ 
 5,883,924 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      178
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Corporate Treasury Investments  
 The portion of corporate treasury investments included in Investments represents the Partnership’s investments into primarily fixed
income securities, mutual fund interests, and other fund interests. These strategies are managed by a combination of Blackstone personnel and third party advisors. The following table presents the Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses)
on these investments:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Realized Gains (Losses) 
    
 $ 
 (1,024 
 )  
    
 $ 
 4,378 
   
    
 $ 
 (20,263 
 )  
 
   Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
    
   
 (38,113 
 )  
    
   
 50,222 
   
    
   
 19,671 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (39,137 
 )  
    
 $ 
 54,600 
   
    
 $ 
 (592 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Other Investments    Other Investments consist primarily of proprietary investment securities held by Blackstone. Other Investments include equity investments without readily determinable fair values which have a carrying
value of $49.4 million as of December 31, 2018. The following table presents Blackstone’s Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains in Other Investments:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Realized Gains 
    
 $ 
 56,381 
   
    
 $ 
 4,886 
   
    
 $ 
 2,495 
   
 
   Net Change in Unrealized Gains 
    
   
 20,335 
   
    
   
 14,324 
   
    
   
 11,128 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 76,716 
   
    
 $ 
 19,210 
   
    
 $ 
 13,623 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 5. 
   NET ASSET VALUE AS FAIR VALUE    A summary of fair value by strategy type alongside the remaining unfunded commitments and ability to redeem such investments as of December 31, 2018 is presented below:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Strategy 
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Unfunded Commitments 
   
    
 Redemption Frequency (if currently eligible) 
   
   
 Redemption Notice Period 
   


 
   Diversified Instruments 
    
 $ 
 209,496 
   
    
 $ 
 127 
   
    
   
 (a 
 )  
   
   
 (a 
 )  
 
   Credit Driven 
    
   
 99,483 
   
    
   
 268 
   
    
   
 (b 
 )  
   
   
 (b 
 )  
 
   Equity 
    
   
 37,308 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (c 
 )  
   
   
 (c 
 )  
 
   Commodities 
    
   
 1,846 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (d 
 )  
   
   
 (d 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 348,133 
   
    
 $ 
 395 
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Diversified Instruments include investments in funds that invest across multiple strategies. Investments representing 3% of the fair value of
the investments in this category may not be redeemed at, or within three months of, the reporting date. The remaining 97% of investments in this category are redeemable as of the reporting date.  
 
 
 (b) 
   The Credit Driven category includes investments in hedge funds that invest primarily in domestic and international bonds. Investments
representing 43% of the fair value of the investments in this category may not  
      179
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 
 
   
 
be redeemed at, or within three months of, the reporting date. The remaining 57% of investments in this category are redeemable as of the reporting date.  
 
 
 (c) 
   The Equity category includes investments in hedge funds that invest primarily in domestic and international equity securities. Investments
representing 100% of the fair value of the investments in this category may not be redeemed at, or within three months of, the reporting date. As of the reporting date, the investee fund manager had elected to side-pocket 8% of Blackstone’s
investments in the category.  
 
 
 (d) 
   The Commodities category includes investments in commodities-focused funds that primarily invest in futures and physical-based commodity
driven strategies. Investments representing 100% of the fair value of the investments in this category may not be redeemed at, or within three months of, the reporting date.  
   
 
 
 6. 
   DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS    Blackstone and the consolidated Blackstone Funds enter into derivative contracts in the normal course of business to achieve certain risk management objectives and for general investment purposes.
Blackstone may enter into derivative contracts in order to hedge its interest rate risk exposure against the effects of interest rate changes. Additionally, Blackstone may also enter into derivative contracts in order to hedge its foreign currency
risk exposure against the effects of a portion of its  non-U.S.  dollar denominated currency net investments. As a result of the use of derivative contracts, Blackstone and the consolidated Blackstone Funds are
exposed to the risk that counterparties will fail to fulfill their contractual obligations. To mitigate such counterparty risk, Blackstone and the consolidated Blackstone Funds enter into contracts with certain major financial institutions, all of
which have investment grade ratings. Counterparty credit risk is evaluated in determining the fair value of derivative instruments.    Net
Investment Hedges    Blackstone uses foreign currency forward contracts to hedge portions of Blackstone’s net
investments in foreign operations. The gains and losses due to change in fair value attributable to changes in spot exchange rates on foreign currency derivatives designated as net investment hedges were recognized in Other Comprehensive Income
(Loss), Net of Tax — Currency Translation Adjustment. For the year ended December 31, 2018 the resulting loss was $1.4 million.  
 Freestanding Derivatives  
 Freestanding derivatives are instruments that Blackstone and certain of the consolidated Blackstone Funds have entered into as part of
their overall risk management and investment strategies. These derivative contracts are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. Such contracts may include interest rate swaps, foreign exchange contracts, equity swaps, options,
futures and other derivative contracts.  
      180
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The table below summarizes the aggregate notional amount and fair value of the
derivative financial instruments. The notional amount represents the absolute value amount of all outstanding derivative contracts.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2018 
   
   
 December 31, 2017 
   
 
   
   
 Assets 
   
   
 Liabilities 
   
   
 Assets 
   
   
 Liabilities 
   
 
   
   
 Notional 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Notional 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Notional 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Notional 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Net Investment Hedges 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 50,857 
   
   
 $ 
 453 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Blackstone 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
   
   
 798,137 
   
   
   
 43,632 
   
   
   
 844,620 
   
   
   
 39,164 
   
   
   
 225,550 
   
   
   
 2,042 
   
   
   
 1,530,751 
   
   
   
 27,275 
   
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
   
 224,841 
   
   
   
 1,286 
   
   
   
 245,371 
   
   
   
 1,636 
   
   
   
 279,050 
   
   
   
 2,097 
   
   
   
 296,252 
   
   
   
 2,975 
   
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 34,060 
   
   
   
 4,004 
   
   
   
 2,073 
   
   
   
 304 
   
   
   
 2,073 
   
   
   
 304 
   
 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
   
 108,271 
   
   
   
 524 
   
   
   
 16,952 
   
   
   
 164 
   
   
   
 493,181 
   
   
   
 24,087 
   
   
   
 264,693 
   
   
   
 5,628 
   
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 10,000 
   
   
   
 311 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
   
   
 20,952 
   
   
   
 55 
   
   
   
 46,685 
   
   
   
 5,710 
   
   
   
 45,670 
   
   
   
 3,731 
   
   
   
 45,582 
   
   
   
 5,163 
   
 
   Total Return Swaps 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 31,440 
   
   
   
 1,855 
   
   
   
 25,645 
   
   
   
 526 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 1,152,201 
   
   
   
 45,497 
   
   
   
 1,229,128 
   
   
   
 52,844 
   
   
   
 1,071,169 
   
   
   
 32,787 
   
   
   
 2,139,351 
   
   
   
 41,345 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,152,201 
   
   
 $ 
 45,497 
   
   
 $ 
 1,229,128 
   
   
 $ 
 52,844 
   
   
 $ 
 1,071,169 
   
   
 $ 
 32,787 
   
   
 $ 
 2,190,208 
   
   
 $ 
 41,798 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The table below summarizes the impact to the Consolidated Statements of Operations from derivative
financial instruments:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Net Investment Hedges — Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Hedge Ineffectiveness 
    
 $ 
 (8 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (75 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (108 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized Gains (Losses) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
    
 $ 
 2,968 
   
   
 $ 
 (2,400 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,600 
 )  
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 10,761 
   
   
   
 (6,333 
 )  
   
   
 (5,079 
 )  
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
    
   
 (539 
 )  
   
   
 (3,764 
 )  
   
   
 (5,141 
 )  
 
   Total Return Swaps 
    
   
 145 
   
   
   
 295 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Equity Options 
    
   
 (120 
 )  
   
   
 (417 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 13,215 
   
   
 $ 
 (12,619 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (11,820 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
    
   
 36,472 
   
   
   
 (24,629 
 )  
   
   
 1,253 
   
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 (6,682 
 )  
   
   
 (3,556 
 )  
   
   
 25,839 
   
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
    
   
 (521 
 )  
   
   
 4,881 
   
   
   
 (3,027 
 )  
 
   Total Return Swaps 
    
   
 (2,107 
 )  
   
   
 (447 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Equity Options 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 129 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 27,162 
   
   
 $ 
 (23,622 
 )  
   
 $ 
 24,065 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      181
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  As of December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Partnership had not designated any
derivatives as cash flow hedges.      
 
 
 7. 
   FAIR VALUE OPTION    The following table summarizes the financial instruments for which the fair value option has been elected:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans and Receivables 
    
 $ 
 304,173 
   
    
 $ 
 239,659 
   
 
   Equity and Preferred Securities 
    
   
 390,095 
   
    
   
 475,485 
   
 
   Debt Securities 
    
   
 529,698 
   
    
   
 418,061 
   
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Loans 
    
   
 6,766,700 
   
    
   
 10,825,759 
   
 
   Corporate Bonds 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 690,125 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 458 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 7,990,666 
   
    
 $ 
 12,649,547 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Senior Secured Notes 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans Payable 
    
 $ 
 6,473,233 
   
    
 $ 
 10,594,656 
   
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 3,201 
   
    
   
 996 
   
 
   Subordinated Notes 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans Payable 
    
   
 7,478 
   
    
   
 703,164 
   
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 52,811 
   
    
   
 40,390 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 6,536,723 
   
    
 $ 
 11,339,206 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      182
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The following table presents the Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) on
financial instruments on which the fair value option was elected:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
 
   
    
 Realized Gains (Losses) 
   
   
 Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
   
   
 Realized Gains (Losses) 
   
   
 Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
   
   
 Realized Gains (Losses) 
   
   
 Net
Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Loans and Receivables 
    
 $ 
 291 
   
   
 $ 
 (447 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,214 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6,590 
   
   
 $ 
 (42 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,375 
   
 
   Equity and Preferred Securities 
    
   
 3,451 
   
   
   
 (3,589 
 )  
   
   
 4,611 
   
   
   
 22,326 
   
   
   
 (476 
 )  
   
   
 16,033 
   
 
   Debt Securities 
    
   
 (1,105 
 )  
   
   
 (29,069 
 )  
   
   
 4,866 
   
   
   
 (3,390 
 )  
   
   
 (2,404 
 )  
   
   
 426 
   
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Loans 
    
   
 (8,749 
 )  
   
   
 (285,698 
 )  
   
   
 (3,827 
 )  
   
   
 (6,603 
 )  
   
   
 (6,128 
 )  
   
   
 66,601 
   
 
   Corporate Bonds 
    
   
 (24,056 
 )  
   
   
 9,693 
   
   
   
 12,442 
   
   
   
 (36,219 
 )  
   
   
 4,793 
   
   
   
 18,859 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 454 
   
   
   
 264 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (30,168 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (309,104 
 )  
   
 $ 
 16,878 
   
   
 $ 
 (16,842 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (3,993 
 )  
   
 $ 
 105,294 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Senior Secured Notes 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 51,048 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Subordinated Notes 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 254,966 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 81,460 
   
   
   
 (2,400 
 )  
   
   
 (69,103 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 306,014 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 81,460 
   
   
 $ 
 (2,400 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (69,103 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The following table presents information for those financial instruments for which the fair value option
was elected:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2018 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   
 
     
    
   
   
   
 For Financial Assets Past Due (a) 
   
    
   
   
   
 For Financial Assets Past Due (a) 
   
 
     
    
 Excess (Deficiency) of Fair Value Over Principal 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Excess (Deficiency) of Fair Value Over Principal 
   
    
 Excess (Deficiency) of Fair Value Over Principal 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Excess (Deficiency) of Fair Value Over Principal 
   


 
   Loans and Receivables 
    
 $ 
 2,421 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1,207 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Debt Securities 
    
   
 (26,660 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (372 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Loans 
    
   
 (301,085 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (13,495 
 )  
   
   
 57,778 
   
    
   
 (19,633 
 )  
 
   Corporate Bonds 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (21,455 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (325,324 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 (34,115 
 )  
   
 $ 
 57,778 
   
    
 $ 
 (19,633 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Corporate Loans and Corporate Bonds within CLO assets are classified as past due if contractual payments are more than one day past due.
   As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, no Loans and Receivables for which the fair value option was elected
were past due or in  non-accrual  status. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, no Corporate Bonds included within the Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles for which the fair value option was elected were past
due or in  non-accrual  status.  
      183
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 
 
 8. 
   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
 The following tables summarize the valuation of the Partnership’s financial assets and liabilities by the fair value hierarchy:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2018 
   
 
   
   
 Level I 
   
   
 Level II 
   
   
 Level III 
   
   
 NAV 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents — Money Market Funds and Short-Term Investments 
   
 $ 
 623,526 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 623,526 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investments 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds (a) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investment Funds 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 80,726 
   
   
   
 80,726 
   
 
   Equity Securities 
   
   
 42,937 
   
   
   
 34,946 
   
   
   
 201,566 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 279,449 
   
 
   Partnership and LLC Interests 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7,170 
   
   
   
 355,273 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 362,443 
   
 
   Debt Instruments 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 752,622 
   
   
   
 133,819 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 886,441 
   
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 524 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 524 
   
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 55 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 55 
   
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Loans 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,093,342 
   
   
   
 673,358 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,766,700 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
   
 42,937 
   
   
   
 6,888,659 
   
   
   
 1,364,016 
   
   
   
 80,726 
   
   
   
 8,376,338 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Corporate Treasury Investments 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Equity Securities 
   
   
 233,834 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 233,834 
   
 
   Debt Instruments 
   
   
 243,297 
   
   
   
 1,444,968 
   
   
   
 24,568 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,712,833 
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 259,826 
   
   
   
 259,826 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Corporate Treasury Investments 
   
   
 477,131 
   
   
   
 1,444,968 
   
   
   
 24,568 
   
   
   
 259,826 
   
   
   
 2,206,493 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other Investments 
   
   
 176,432 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 31,617 
   
   
   
 7,581 
   
   
   
 215,630 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investments 
   
   
 696,500 
   
   
   
 8,333,627 
   
   
   
 1,420,201 
   
   
   
 348,133 
   
   
   
 10,798,461 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accounts Receivable — Loans and Receivables 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 304,173 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 304,173 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
   
   
 1,274 
   
   
   
 42,358 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 43,632 
   
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,286 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,286 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Other Assets 
   
   
 1,274 
   
   
   
 43,644 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 44,918 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,321,300 
   
   
 $ 
 8,377,271 
   
   
 $ 
 1,724,374 
   
   
 $ 
 348,133 
   
   
 $ 
 11,771,078 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      184
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2018 
   
 
   
    
 Level I 
   
    
 Level II 
   
    
 Level III 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans Payable — Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Senior Secured Notes (b) 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 6,473,233 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 6,473,233 
   
 
   Subordinated Notes (b) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 7,478 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 7,478 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Loans Payable 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 6,480,711 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 6,480,711 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Due to Affiliates — Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Senior Secured Notes (b) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3,201 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3,201 
   
 
   Subordinated Notes (b) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 52,811 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 52,811 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 56,012 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 56,012 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
    
   
 35,959 
   
    
   
 106,658 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 142,617 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities of Consolidated Blackstone Funds — 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Freestanding Derivatives (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 164 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 164 
   
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5,710 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5,710 
   
 
   Total Return Swaps 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,855 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,855 
   
 
   Interest Rate Swaps 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 311 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 311 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 8,040 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 8,040 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
    
   
 3,080 
   
    
   
 36,084 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 39,164 
   
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,636 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,636 
   
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 4,004 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 4,004 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Freestanding Derivatives 
    
   
 3,080 
   
    
   
 41,724 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 44,804 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
   
 3,080 
   
    
   
 49,764 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 52,844 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 39,039 
   
    
 $ 
 6,693,145 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 6,732,184 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      185
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   
 
   
    
 Level I 
   
    
 Level II 
   
    
 Level III 
   
    
 NAV 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents — Money Market Funds 
    
 $ 
 853,680 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 853,680 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Investments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investment Funds 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 130,339 
   
    
   
 130,339 
   
 
   Equity Securities 
    
   
 67,443 
   
    
   
 44,026 
   
    
   
 131,867 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 243,336 
   
 
   Partnership and LLC Interests 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,549 
   
    
   
 331,448 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 333,997 
   
 
   Debt Instruments 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 643,608 
   
    
   
 58,155 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 701,763 
   
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 101 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 101 
   
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3,731 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3,731 
   
 
   Total Return Swaps 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 526 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 526 
   
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Loans 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 10,318,316 
   
    
   
 507,443 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 10,825,759 
   
 
   Corporate Bonds 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 690,125 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 690,125 
   
 
   Freestanding Derivatives — Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 23,986 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 23,986 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 458 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 458 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
    
   
 67,443 
   
    
   
 11,726,968 
   
    
   
 1,029,371 
   
    
   
 130,339 
   
    
   
 12,954,121 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Corporate Treasury Investments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Equity Securities 
    
   
 282,866 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 282,866 
   
 
   Debt Instruments 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,943,654 
   
    
   
 24,249 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,967,903 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 315,274 
   
    
   
 315,274 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Corporate Treasury Investments 
    
   
 282,866 
   
    
   
 1,943,654 
   
    
   
 24,249 
   
    
   
 315,274 
   
    
   
 2,566,043 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Other Investments 
    
   
 193,072 
   
    
   
 14,162 
   
    
   
 95,393 
   
    
   
 19,847 
   
    
   
 322,474 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Investments 
    
   
 543,381 
   
    
   
 13,684,784 
   
    
   
 1,149,013 
   
    
   
 465,460 
   
    
   
 15,842,638 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Accounts Receivable — Loans and Receivables 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 239,659 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 239,659 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Other Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
    
   
 575 
   
    
   
 1,467 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,042 
   
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,097 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,097 
   
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 304 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 304 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Other Assets 
    
   
 575 
   
    
   
 3,868 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 4,443 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,397,636 
   
    
 $ 
 13,688,652 
   
    
 $ 
 1,388,672 
   
    
 $ 
 465,460 
   
    
 $ 
 16,940,420 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      186
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   
 
   
    
 Level I 
   
    
 Level II 
   
    
 Level III 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans Payable — Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Senior Secured Notes (b) 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 10,594,656 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 10,594,656 
   
 
   Subordinated Notes (b) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 703,164 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 703,164 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Loans Payable 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 11,297,820 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 11,297,820 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Due to Affiliates — Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Senior Secured Notes (b) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 996 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 996 
   
 
   Subordinated Notes (b) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 40,390 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 40,390 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 41,386 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 41,386 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 154,380 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 154,380 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities of Consolidated Blackstone Funds — Freestanding Derivatives (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5,628 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5,628 
   
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5,163 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5,163 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 10,791 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 10,791 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
    
   
 415 
   
    
   
 26,860 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 27,275 
   
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,975 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,975 
   
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 304 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 304 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Freestanding Derivatives 
    
   
 415 
   
    
   
 30,139 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 30,554 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Investment Hedges — Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 453 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 453 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
   
 415 
   
    
   
 41,383 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 41,798 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 415 
   
    
 $ 
 11,534,969 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 11,535,384 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Pursuant to GAAP consolidation guidance, the Partnership is required to consolidate all VIEs in which it has been identified as the primary
beneficiary, including certain CLO vehicles, and other funds in which a consolidated entity of the Partnership, such as the general partner of the fund, has a controlling financial interest. While the Partnership is required to consolidate certain
funds, including CLO vehicles, for GAAP purposes, the Partnership has no ability to utilize the assets of these funds and there is no recourse to the Partnership for their liabilities since these are client assets and liabilities.
 
 
 
 (b) 
   Senior and subordinated notes issued by CLO vehicles are classified based on the more observable fair value of CLO assets less (1) the
fair value of any beneficial interests held by Blackstone, and (2) the carrying value of any beneficial interests that represent compensation for services.  
      187
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The following table summarizes the quantitative inputs and assumptions used for items
categorized in Level III of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2018:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Valuation Techniques 

   
   
 Unobservable Inputs 

   
   
 Ranges 
   
   
 Weighted Average (a) 
   


 
   Financial Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Equity Securities 
   
 $ 
 138,725 
   
   
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
   
   
 Discount Rate 
   
   
   
 7.1% - 26.1% 
   
   
   
 12.6% 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Revenue CAGR 
   
   
   
 -0.8% - 32.4% 
   
   
   
 6.6% 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Book Value Multiple 
   
   
   
 0.9x - 9.5x 
   
   
   
 8.3x 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit Capitalization Rate 
   
   
   
 5.0% - 11.4% 
 
   
   
 8.0% 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit Multiple - EBITDA 
   
   
   
 0.1x - 17.5x 
   
   
   
 10.3x 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit Multiple - NOI 
   
   
   
 12.8x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit Multiple - P/E 
   
   
   
 17.0x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 21,050 
   
   
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
   
   
 Book Value Multiple 
   
   
   
 0.8x - 8.0x 
 
   
   
 1.3x 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Dollar/Acre Multiple 
   
   
   
 $7.0 - $44.1 
   
   
   
 $32.9 
   
 
 
   
   
 21,492 
   
   
   
 Other 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 20,250 
   
   
   
 Transaction Price 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 49 
   
   
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Partnership and LLC Interests 
   
   
 295,251 
   
   
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
   
   
 Discount Rate 
   
   
   
 4.1% - 26.5% 
 
   
   
 9.7% 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Revenue CAGR 
   
   
   
 -1.1% - 48.4% 
   
   
   
 26.9% 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Book Value Multiple 
   
   
   
 8.5x - 9.3x 
   
   
   
 9.2x 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit Capitalization Rate 
   
   
   
 2.9% - 15.0% 
   
   
   
 6.3% 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit Multiple - EBITDA 
   
   
   
 0.1x - 15.3x 
   
   
   
 10.0x 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit Multiple - NOI 
   
   
   
 13.3x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 9,444 
   
   
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
   
   
 Book Value Multiple 
   
   
   
 1.1x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Dollar/Acre Multiple 
   
   
   
 $5.3 - $12.0 
   
   
   
 $7.5 
   
 
 
   
   
 9,390 
   
   
   
 Other 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 41,188 
   
   
   
 Transaction Price 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Debt Instruments 
   
   
 8,342 
   
   
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
   
   
 Discount Rate 
   
   
   
 7.0% - 19.3% 
   
   
   
 9.8% 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Revenue CAGR 
   
   
   
 0.7% 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit Multiple - EBITDA 
   
   
   
 6.5x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 120,843 
   
   
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 4,634 
   
   
   
 Transaction Price 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
   
   
 41 
   
   
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
   
   
 Discount Rate 
   
   
   
 5.0% 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 673,317 
   
   
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
   
 1,364,016 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
      188
 

  continued ...  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Valuation Techniques 
   
 Unobservable Inputs 
   
 Ranges 
   
 Weighted Average (a) 


 
   Corporate Treasury Investments 
   
 $ 
 7,947 
   
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 4.4% - 7.5% 
   
 6.6% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Default Rate 
   
 2.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Pre-payment Rate          
   
 20.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Lag 
   
 12 Months - 21 Months 
   
 13 Months 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Rate 
   
 17.5% - 70.0% 
   
 67.7% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Reinvestment Rate 
   
 LIBOR + 400 bps 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 16,621 
   
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
   Loans and Receivables 
   
   
 304,173 
   
   
 Discounted Cash Flows              
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 6.1% - 12.8% 
   
 8.7% 
 
   Other Investments 
   
   
 26,631 
   
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 1.0% - 15.0% 
   
 2.8% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Default Rate 
   
 2.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Pre-payment  Rate 
   
 20.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Lag 
   
 12 Months 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Rate 
   
 70.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Reinvestment Rate 
   
 LIBOR + 400 bps 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 4,986 
   
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,724,374 
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
      189
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The following table summarizes the quantitative inputs and assumptions used for items
categorized in Level III of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2017:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Valuation Techniques 

   
   
 Unobservable Inputs 

   
   
 Ranges 
   
   
 Weighted- Average (a) 
   


 
   Financial Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Equity Securities 
   
 $ 
 91,753 
   
   
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
   
   
 Discount Rate 
   
   
   
 7.1% - 31.4% 
   
   
   
 12.6% 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Revenue CAGR 
   
   
   
 1.0% - 49.4% 
   
   
   
 7.1% 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit Capitalization Rate 
   
   
   
 5.0% - 11.4% 
   
   
   
 8.5% 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit Multiple - EBITDA 
   
   
   
 4.0x - 16.0x 
   
   
   
 9.9x 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit  Multiple - NOI 
   
   
   
 8.8x - 12.5x 
   
   
   
 10.5x 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit  Multiple - P/E 
   
   
   
 9.5x - 17.0x 
   
   
   
 11.0x 
   
 
 
   
   
 862 
   
   
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
   
   
 Book Value Multiple 
   
   
   
 0.8x - 0.9x 
   
   
   
 0.9x 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit  Multiple - EBITDA 
   
   
   
 8.0x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 17,536 
   
   
   
 Other 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 21,716 
   
   
   
 Transaction Price 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Partnership and LLC Interests 
   
   
 293,744 
   
   
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
   
   
 Discount Rate 
   
   
   
 4.6% - 26.5% 
   
   
   
 9.8% 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Revenue CAGR 
   
   
   
 -22.2% - 71.5% 
   
   
   
 8.4% 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit Capitalization Rate 
   
   
   
 3.1% - 10.0% 
   
   
   
 5.7% 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit  Multiple - EBITDA 
   
   
   
 0.1x - 15.0x 
   
   
   
 8.6x 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit  Multiple - NOI 
   
   
   
 12.5x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 530 
   
   
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
   
   
 Book Value Multiple 
   
   
   
 1.0x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 22,346 
   
   
   
 Other 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 758 
   
   
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 14,070 
   
   
   
 Transaction Price 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Debt Instruments 
   
   
 6,122 
   
   
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
   
   
 Discount Rate 
   
   
   
 6.6% - 18.4% 
   
   
   
 9.6% 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Revenue CAGR 
   
   
   
 7.7% 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit Capitalization Rate 
   
   
   
 8.3% 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 Exit  Multiple - NOI 
   
   
   
 12.0x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 50,136 
   
   
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 1,897 
   
   
   
 Transaction Price 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
   
   
 8,277 
   
   
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
   
   
 EBITDA Multiple 
   
   
   
 7.0x 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 499,624 
   
   
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
   
 1,029,371 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
      190
 

  continued ...  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Valuation Techniques 
   
 Unobservable Inputs 
   
 Ranges 
   
 Weighted- Average (a) 


 
   Corporate Treasury Investments 
   
 $ 
 8,886 
   
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 5.1% - 6.3% 
   
 5.4% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Default Rate 
   
 2.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Pre-payment  Rate 
   
 20% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Lag 
   
 12 Months 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Rate 
   
 30.0% - 70.0% 
   
 68.1% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Reinvestment Rate          
   
 LIBOR + 400 bps 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 15,363 
   
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
   Loans and Receivables 
   
   
 239,659 
   
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 7.1% - 10.3% 
   
 8.8% 
 
   Other Investments 
   
   
 65,821 
   
   
 Discounted Cash Flows              
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 0.7% - 13.0% 
   
 2.2% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Default Rate 
   
 2.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Pre-payment  Rate 
   
 20.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Lag 
   
 12 Months 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Rate 
   
 70.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Reinvestment Rate 
   
 LIBOR + 400 bps - 
   
 LIBOR + 401 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 LIBOR + 413 bps 
   
 bps 
 
 
   
   
 29,572 
   
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,388,672 
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
         
 


 
 
 
 


 
   N/A 
    
 Not applicable. 
 
   CAGR 
    
 Compound annual growth rate. 
 
   EBITDA 
    
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. 
 
   Exit Multiple 
    
 Ranges include the last twelve months EBITDA, forward EBITDA and price/earnings exit multiples. 
 
   NOI 
    
 Net operating income. 
 
   P/E 
    
 Price-earnings ratio. 
 
   Third Party Pricing 
    
 Third Party Pricing is generally determined on the basis of unadjusted prices between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. 
 
   Transaction Price 
    
 Includes recent acquisitions or transactions. 
 
   (a) 
    
 Unobservable inputs were weighted based on the fair value of the investments included in the range. 
   The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of corporate treasury investments,
debt instruments and other investments as of the reporting date are discount rates, default rates, recovery rates, recovery lag,  pre-payment  rates and reinvestment rates. Increases (decreases) in any of the
discount rates, default rates, recovery lag and  pre-payment  rates in isolation would have resulted in a lower (higher) fair value measurement. Increases (decreases) in any of the recovery rates and
reinvestment rates in isolation would have resulted in a higher (lower) fair value measurement. Generally, a change in the assumption used for default rates may be accompanied by a directionally similar change in the assumption used for recovery lag
and a directionally opposite change in the assumption used for recovery rates and  pre-payment  rates.    The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of equity securities, partnership and limited liability company (“LLC”) interests, debt instruments, assets of consolidated
CLO vehicles and loans and receivables are discount rates, exit capitalization rates, exit multiples, EBITDA multiples and revenue compound annual growth rates. Increases (decreases) in any of discount rates and exit capitalization rates in
isolation could have resulted in a lower (higher) fair value measurement. Increases (decreases) in any of exit multiples and revenue compound annual growth rates in isolation could have resulted in a higher (lower) fair value measurement.
 
      191
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Since December 31, 2017, there have been no changes in valuation techniques within
Level II and Level III that have had a material impact on the valuation of financial instruments.    The following tables
summarize the changes in financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value for which the Partnership has used Level III inputs to determine fair value and does not include gains or losses that were reported in Level III in prior years or for
instruments that were transferred out of Level III prior to the end of the respective reporting period. Total realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded for Level III investments are reported in either Investment Income (Loss) or Net Gains
from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Level III Financial Assets at Fair Value Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
 
   
   
 Investments of Consolidated Funds 
   
   
 Loans and Receivables 
 
   
   
 Other Investments (a) 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Investments of Consolidated Funds 
   
   
 Loans and Receivables 
 
   
   
 Other Investments (a) 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance, Beginning of Period 
   
 $ 
 1,029,371 
   
   
 $ 
 239,659 
   
   
 $ 
 119,642 
   
   
 $ 
 1,388,672 
   
   
 $ 
 685,873 
   
   
 $ 
 211,359 
   
   
 $ 
 130,588 
   
   
 $ 
 1,027,820 
   
 
   Transfer In Due to Consolidation and Acquisition 
   
   
 50,043 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 50,043 
   
   
   
 34,651 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 34,651 
   
 
   Transfer Out Due to Deconsolidation 
   
   
 (217,182 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (217,182 
 )  
   
   
 (38,629 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (38,629 
 )  
 
   Transfer In to Level III (b) 
   
   
 190,497 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 8,484 
   
   
   
 198,981 
   
   
   
 59,473 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 27,127 
   
   
   
 86,600 
   
 
   Transfer Out of Level III (b) 
   
   
 (127,829 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (56,534 
 )  
   
   
 (184,363 
 )  
   
   
 (168,986 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (22,111 
 )  
   
   
 (191,097 
 )  
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 862,844 
   
   
   
 1,016,838 
   
   
   
 28,041 
   
   
   
 1,907,723 
   
   
   
 869,817 
   
   
   
 856,042 
   
   
   
 25,335 
   
   
   
 1,751,194 
   
 
   Sales 
   
   
 (457,824 
 )  
   
   
 (953,538 
 )  
   
   
 (43,213 
 )  
   
   
 (1,454,575 
 )  
   
   
 (473,178 
 )  
   
   
 (835,426 
 )  
   
   
 (54,039 
 )  
   
   
 (1,362,643 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (22,285 
 )  
   
   
 (73 
 )  
   
   
 (22,358 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (12,584 
 )  
   
   
 (1,573 
 )  
   
   
 (14,157 
 )  
 
   Changes in Gains (Losses) Included in Earnings 
   
   
 34,096 
   
   
   
 23,499 
   
   
   
 (162 
 )  
   
   
 57,433 
   
   
   
 60,350 
   
   
   
 20,268 
   
   
   
 14,315 
   
   
   
 94,933 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Period 
   
 $ 
 1,364,016 
   
   
 $ 
 304,173 
   
   
 $ 
 56,185 
   
   
 $ 
 1,724,374 
   
   
 $ 
 1,029,371 
   
   
 $ 
 239,659 
   
   
 $ 
 119,642 
   
   
 $ 
 1,388,672 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Changes in Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in Earnings Related to Investments Still Held at the Reporting Date 

   
 $ 
 (4,378 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 2,439 
   
   
 $ 
 (1,939 
 )  
   
 $ 
 14,083 
   
   
 $ 
 21,482 
   
   
 $ 
 (91 
 )  
   
 $ 
 35,474 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Represents corporate treasury investments and Other Investments.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Transfers in and out of Level III financial assets and liabilities were due to changes in the observability of inputs used in the valuation of
such assets and liabilities.    There were no Level III financial liabilities as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2018 and 2017.      
 
 
 9. 
   VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES    Pursuant to GAAP consolidation guidance, the Partnership consolidates certain VIEs for which it is determined that the Partnership is the primary beneficiary either directly or indirectly, through a
consolidated entity or affiliate. VIEs include certain private equity, real estate, credit-focused or funds of hedge funds entities and CLO vehicles. The purpose  
      192
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
of such VIEs is to provide strategy specific investment opportunities for investors in exchange for management and performance based fees. The investment strategies of the Blackstone Funds differ
by product; however, the fundamental risks of the Blackstone Funds have similar characteristics, including loss of invested capital and loss of management fees and performance based fees. In Blackstone’s role as general partner, collateral
manager or investment adviser, it generally considers itself the sponsor of the applicable Blackstone Fund. The Partnership does not provide performance guarantees and has no other financial obligation to provide funding to consolidated VIEs other
than its own capital commitments.    The assets of consolidated variable interest entities may only be used to settle
obligations of these entities. In addition, there is no recourse to the Partnership for the consolidated VIEs’ liabilities including the liabilities of the consolidated CLO vehicles.  
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2018, the Partnership’s ownership interest in certain CLO and other vehicles
originated outside of the U.S. was diluted such that the Partnership determined that it was no longer the primary beneficiary of these VIEs and deconsolidated these vehicles. As of the date of deconsolidation, the Partnership’s Total Assets,
Total Liabilities and  Non-Controlling  Interests in Consolidated Entities were reduced by $8.9 billion, $8.7 billion and $196.1 million, respectively. The Partnership will continue to receive
management fees and Performance Allocations from these vehicles following the dilution of its ownership interest.    The
Partnership holds variable interests in certain VIEs which are not consolidated as it is determined that the Partnership is not the primary beneficiary. The Partnership’s involvement with such entities is in the form of direct equity interests
and fee arrangements. The maximum exposure to loss represents the loss of assets recognized by Blackstone relating to non-consolidated VIEs, and any clawback obligation relating to previously distributed Performance Allocations. The
Partnership’s maximum exposure to loss relating to non-consolidated VIEs were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Investments 
    
 $ 
 942,700 
   
    
 $ 
 805,501 
   
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 15,760 
   
 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
   
 254,744 
   
    
   
 81,465 
   
 
   Potential Clawback Obligation 
    
   
 159,691 
   
    
   
 98,331 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Maximum Exposure to Loss 
    
 $ 
 1,357,135 
   
    
 $ 
 1,001,057 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Amounts Due to Non-Consolidated VIEs 
    
 $ 
 207 
   
    
 $ 
 179 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 10. 
   REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS    At December 31, 2018, the Partnership pledged securities with a carrying value of $279.5 million and cash to collateralize its repurchase agreements. Such securities can be repledged, delivered
or otherwise used by the counterparty.    At December 31, 2017, the Partnership pledged securities with a carrying
value of $169.7 million and cash to collateralize its repurchase agreements. Such securities can be repledged, delivered or otherwise used by the counterparty.  
      193
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The following tables provide information regarding the Partnership’s Repurchase
Agreements obligation by type of collateral pledged:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2018 
   
 
   
    
 Remaining Contractual Maturity of the Agreements 
   
 
   
    
 Overnight and Continuous 
   
    
 Up to 30 Days 
   
    
 30 - 90 Days 
   
    
 Greater than 90 days 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Asset-Backed Securities 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 42,908 
   
    
 $ 
 144,731 
   
    
 $ 
 34,563 
   
    
 $ 
 222,202 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Gross Amount of Recognized Liabilities for Repurchase Agreements in Note 12. “Offsetting of Assets and
Liabilities” 
     
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 222,202 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Amounts Related to Agreements Not Included in Offsetting Disclosure in Note 12. “Offsetting of Assets and
Liabilities” 
     
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   
 
   
    
 Remaining Contractual Maturity of the Agreements 
   
 
   
    
 Overnight and Continuous 
   
    
 Up
to 30 Days 
   
    
 30 - 90 Days 
   
    
 Greater than 90 days 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Asset-Backed Securities 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 22,756 
   
    
 $ 
 96,084 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 118,840 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Gross Amount of Recognized Liabilities for Repurchase Agreements in Note 12. “Offsetting of Assets and
Liabilities” 
     
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 118,840 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Amounts Related to Agreements Not Included in Offsetting Disclosure in Note 12. “Offsetting of Assets and
Liabilities” 
     
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 11. 
   OTHER ASSETS AND ACCOUNTS PAYABLE, ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER LIABILITIES  
 Other Assets consists of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements 
    
 $ 
 360,571 
   
    
 $ 
 345,875 
   
 
   Less: Accumulated Depreciation 
    
   
 (240,199 
 )  
    
   
 (219,309 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements, Net 
    
   
 120,372 
   
    
   
 126,566 
   
 
   Prepaid Expenses 
    
   
 110,732 
   
    
   
 78,723 
   
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
   
 44,918 
   
    
   
 4,443 
   
 
   Other  
    
   
 18,226 
   
    
   
 32,965 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 294,248 
   
    
 $ 
 242,697 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Depreciation expense of $23.9 million, $25.2 million and $32.0 million related to
furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, is included in General, Administrative and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
      194
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities includes $15.6 million and
$27.2 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, relating to redemptions that were legally payable to investors of the consolidated Blackstone Funds and $311.4 million and $1.5 billion, respectively, of payables
relating to unsettled purchases.      
 
 
 12. 
   OFFSETTING OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES    The following tables present the offsetting of assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2018:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross and Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Statement
of Financial Condition 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statement of
Financial Condition 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 Financial Instruments (a) 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Received 
   
    
 Net Amount 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 $ 
 45,416 
   
    
 $ 
 37,788 
   
    
 $ 
 5,547 
   
    
 $ 
 2,081 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross and Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in 
the Statement of Financial Condition 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statement of Financial Condition 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 Financial Instruments (a) 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Pledged 
   
    
 Net Amount 
   


 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 $ 
 52,844 
   
    
 $ 
 35,905 
   
    
 $ 
 15,377 
   
    
 $ 
 1,562 
   
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 222,202 
   
    
   
 222,202 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 275,046 
   
    
 $ 
 258,107 
   
    
 $ 
 15,377 
   
    
 $ 
 1,562 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
         
 
 
 (a) 
   Amounts presented are inclusive of both legally enforceable master netting agreements, and financial instruments received or pledged as
collateral. Financial instruments received or pledged as collateral offset derivative counterparty risk exposure, but do not reduce net balance sheet exposure.  
 The following tables present the offsetting of assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2017:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross and Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Statement
of Financial Condition 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statement of
Financial Condition 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Received 
   
    
 Net Amount 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 $ 
 8,801 
   
    
 $ 
 3,279 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 5,522 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      195
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross and Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in 
the Statement of Financial Condition 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statement of
Financial Condition 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Pledged 
   
    
 Net Amount 
   


 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net Investment Hedges 
    
 $ 
 453 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 453 
   
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
   
 36,234 
   
    
   
 3,279 
   
    
   
 32,405 
   
    
   
 550 
   
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 118,840 
   
    
   
 118,840 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 155,527 
   
    
 $ 
 122,119 
   
    
 $ 
 32,405 
   
    
 $ 
 1,003 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Repurchase Agreements are presented separately on the Statements of Financial Condition. Freestanding
Derivative assets are included in Other Assets in the Statements of Financial Condition. See Note 11. “Other Assets and Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities” for the components of Other Assets.  
 Freestanding Derivative liabilities are included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Condition and are not a significant component thereof.    Notional Pooling Arrangement  
 Blackstone has a notional cash pooling arrangement with a financial institution for cash management purposes. This arrangement allows for
cash withdrawals based upon aggregate cash balances on deposit at the same financial institution. Cash withdrawals cannot exceed aggregate cash balances on deposit. The net balance of cash on deposit and overdrafts is used as a basis for calculating
net interest expense or income. As of December 31, 2018, the aggregate cash balance on deposit relating to the cash pooling arrangement was $1.4 billion, which was offset with an accompanying overdraft of $1.4 billion.
     
 
 
 13. 
   BORROWINGS    On September 21, 2018, Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. (the “Issuer”), an indirect subsidiary of the Partnership, entered into an amended and restated $1.6 billion revolving
credit facility (the “Credit Facility”) with Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. The amendment and restatement among other things, increased the amount of available borrowings and extended the maturity
date from August 31, 2021 to September 21, 2023.    The Partnership borrows and enters into credit
agreements for its general operating and investment purposes and certain Blackstone Funds borrow to meet financing needs of their operating and investing activities. Borrowing facilities have been established for the benefit of selected Blackstone
Funds. When a Blackstone Fund borrows from the facility in which it participates, the proceeds from the borrowing are strictly limited for its intended use by the  
      196
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
borrowing fund and not available for other Partnership purposes. The Partnership’s credit facilities consist of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
 
   
    
 Credit Available 
   
    
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
    
 Weighted Average Interest Rate 
   
   
 Credit Available 
   
    
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
    
 Weighted Average Interest Rate 
   


 
   Revolving Credit Facility (a) 
    
 $ 
 1,600,000 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
   
 0.75 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,500,000 
   
    
 $ 
 683 
   
    
   
 0.88 
 %  
 
   Blackstone Issued Senior Notes (b) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   5.875%, Due 3/15/2021 
    
   
 400,000 
   
    
   
 400,000 
   
    
   
 5.88 
 %  
   
   
 400,000 
   
    
   
 400,000 
   
    
   
 5.88 
 %  
 
   4.750%, Due 2/15/2023 
    
   
 400,000 
   
    
   
 400,000 
   
    
   
 4.75 
 %  
   
   
 400,000 
   
    
   
 400,000 
   
    
   
 4.75 
 %  
 
   2.000%, Due 5/19/2025 
    
   
 344,010 
   
    
   
 344,010 
   
    
   
 2.00 
 %  
   
   
 360,150 
   
    
   
 360,150 
   
    
   
 2.00 
 %  
 
   1.000%, Due 10/5/2026 
    
   
 688,020 
   
    
   
 688,020 
   
    
   
 1.00 
 %  
   
   
 720,300 
   
    
   
 720,300 
   
    
   
 1.00 
 %  
 
   3.150%, Due 10/2/2027 
    
   
 300,000 
   
    
   
 300,000 
   
    
   
 3.15 
 %  
   
   
 300,000 
   
    
   
 300,000 
   
    
   
 3.15 
 %  
 
   6.250%, Due 8/15/2042 
    
   
 250,000 
   
    
   
 250,000 
   
    
   
 6.25 
 %  
   
   
 250,000 
   
    
   
 250,000 
   
    
   
 6.25 
 %  
 
   5.000%, Due 6/15/2044 
    
   
 500,000 
   
    
   
 500,000 
   
    
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 500,000 
   
    
   
 500,000 
   
    
   
 5.00 
 %  
 
   4.450%, Due 7/15/2045 
    
   
 350,000 
   
    
   
 350,000 
   
    
   
 4.45 
 %  
   
   
 350,000 
   
    
   
 350,000 
   
    
   
 4.45 
 %  
 
   4.000%, Due 10/2/2047 
    
   
 300,000 
   
    
   
 300,000 
   
    
   
 4.00 
 %  
   
   
 300,000 
   
    
   
 300,000 
   
    
   
 4.00 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 5,132,030 
   
    
   
 3,532,030 
   
    
   
 3.79 
 %  
   
   
 5,080,450 
   
    
   
 3,581,133 
   
    
   
 3.76 
 %  
 
   Blackstone Fund Facilities (c) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,803 
   
    
   
 2,803 
   
    
   
 2.79 
 %  
 
   CLO Vehicles (d) 
    
   
 6,863,285 
   
    
   
 6,863,285 
   
    
   
 4.00 
 %  
   
   
 11,583,607 
   
    
   
 11,583,607 
   
    
   
 2.32 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 11,995,315 
   
    
 $ 
 10,395,315 
   
    
   
 3.93 
 %  
   
 $ 
 16,666,860 
   
    
 $ 
 15,167,543 
   
    
   
 2.54 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (a) 
   The Issuer has a Credit Facility with Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent in the amount of $1.6 billion with a maturity date of
September 21, 2023. Interest on the borrowings is based on an adjusted LIBOR rate or alternate base rate, in each case plus a margin, and undrawn commitments bear a commitment fee. The Weighted Average Interest Rate presented here represents
the margin above adjusted LIBOR. The margin is subject to change based on Blackstone’s credit rating. Borrowings may also be made in U.K. sterling, euros, Swiss francs, Japanese yen or Canadian dollars, in each case subject to certain
sub-limits. The Credit Facility contains customary representations, covenants and events of default. Financial covenants consist of a maximum net leverage ratio and a requirement to keep a minimum amount of fee-earning assets under management, each
tested quarterly. The Borrowing Outstanding at each date represent outstanding but undrawn letters of credit against the credit facility.  
 
 
 (b) 
   The Issuer has issued long term borrowings in the form of senior notes (the “Notes”). The Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated
obligations of the Issuer. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by the Partnership, Blackstone Holdings (the “Guarantors”), and the Issuer. The guarantees are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations
of the Guarantors. Transaction costs related to the issuance of the Notes have been deducted from the Note liability and are being amortized over the life of the Notes. The indentures include covenants, including limitations on the Issuer’s and
the Guarantors’ ability to, subject to exceptions, incur indebtedness secured by liens on voting stock or profit participating equity interests of their subsidiaries or merge, consolidate or sell, transfer or lease assets. The indentures also
provide for events of default and further provide that the trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes may declare the Notes immediately due and payable upon the occurrence and during the
continuance of any event of default after expiration of any applicable grace period. In the case of specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or reorganization, the principal amount of the Notes and any accrued and unpaid interest on
the Notes automatically become due and payable. All or a portion of the Notes may be redeemed at the Issuer’s option in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, prior to their
 
      197
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 
 
   
 
stated maturity, at the make-whole redemption price set forth in the Notes. If a change of control repurchase event occurs, the holders of the Notes may require the Issuer to repurchase the Notes
at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of repurchase. Interest expense on the Notes was
$136.7 million, $200.4 million and $145.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Represents borrowing facilities for the various consolidated Blackstone Funds used to meet liquidity and investing needs. Certain borrowings
under these facilities were used for bridge financing and general liquidity purposes. Other borrowings were used to finance the purchase of investments with the borrowing remaining in place until the disposition or refinancing event. Such borrowings
have varying maturities and are rolled over until the disposition or a refinancing event. Because the timing of such events is unknown and may occur in the near term, these borrowings are considered short-term in nature. Borrowings bear interest at
spreads to market rates. Borrowings were secured according to the terms of each facility and are generally secured by the investment purchased with the proceeds of the borrowing and/or the uncalled capital commitment of each respective fund. Certain
facilities have commitment fees. When a fund borrows, the proceeds are available only for use by that fund and are not available for the benefit of other funds. Collateral within each fund is also available only against the borrowings by that fund
and not against the borrowings of other funds.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Represents borrowings due to the holders of debt securities issued by CLO vehicles consolidated by Blackstone. These amounts are included
within Loans Payable and Due to Affiliates within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    The
following table presents the general characteristics of each of our Notes, as well as their carrying value and fair value. The Notes are included in Loans Payable within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. All of the Notes were
issued at a discount. All of the Notes accrue interest from the Issue Date and all pay interest in arrears on a  semi-annual  basis or annual basis as indicated by the Interest Payment Dates.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
   Senior Notes 
    
 Carrying Value 
   
    
 Fair Value (a) 
   
    
 Carrying Value 
   
    
 Fair Value (a) 
   


 
   5.875%, Due 3/15/2021 
    
 $ 
 398,947 
   
    
 $ 
 421,720 
   
    
 $ 
 398,514 
   
    
 $ 
 438,320 
   
 
   4.750%, Due 2/15/2023 
    
   
 395,166 
   
    
   
 417,600 
   
    
   
 394,137 
   
    
   
 434,200 
   
 
   2.000%, Due 5/19/2025 
    
   
 339,959 
   
    
   
 352,197 
   
    
   
 355,425 
   
    
   
 385,433 
   
 
   1.000%, Due 10/5/2026 
    
   
 679,193 
   
    
   
 647,564 
   
    
   
 709,871 
   
    
   
 711,440 
   
 
   3.150%, Due 10/2/2027 
    
   
 296,717 
   
    
   
 285,030 
   
    
   
 296,399 
   
    
   
 295,320 
   
 
   6.250%, Due 8/15/2042 
    
   
 238,221 
   
    
   
 289,225 
   
    
   
 238,019 
   
    
   
 328,200 
   
 
   5.000%, Due 6/15/2044 
    
   
 488,747 
   
    
   
 490,150 
   
    
   
 488,536 
   
    
   
 574,100 
   
 
   4.450%, Due 7/15/2045 
    
   
 344,038 
   
    
   
 329,770 
   
    
   
 343,925 
   
    
   
 372,575 
   
 
   4.000%, Due 10/2/2047 
    
   
 290,163 
   
    
   
 262,800 
   
    
   
 289,989 
   
    
   
 296,940 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 3,471,151 
   
    
 $ 
 3,496,056 
   
    
 $ 
 3,514,815 
   
    
 $ 
 3,836,528 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Fair value is determined by broker quote and these notes would be classified as Level II within the fair value hierarchy.
 
      198
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Included within Loans Payable and Due to Affiliates within the Consolidated Statements
of Financial Condition are amounts due to holders of debt securities issued by Blackstone’s consolidated CLO vehicles. Borrowings through the consolidated CLO vehicles consisted of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
   
    
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
    
 Weighted Average Interest Rate 
   
   
 Weighted Average Remaining Maturity in Years 
   
    
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
    
 Weighted Average Interest Rate 
   
   
 Weighted Average Remaining Maturity in Years 
   


 
   Senior Secured Notes 
    
 $ 
 6,531,550 
   
    
   
 4.20 
 %  
   
   
 7.5 
   
    
 $ 
 10,689,240 
   
    
   
 2.35 
 %  
   
   
 4.1 
   
 
   Subordinated Notes 
    
   
 331,735 
   
    
   
 (a 
 )  
   
   
 N/A 
   
    
   
 894,367 
   
    
   
 (a 
 )  
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 6,863,285 
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 11,583,607 
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (a) 
   The Subordinated Notes do not have contractual interest rates but instead receive distributions from the excess cash flows of the CLO
vehicles.    Senior Secured Notes and Subordinated Notes comprise the following amounts:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Amounts Due to Non- Consolidated Affiliates 
   
    
   
   
    
 Amounts Due to Non- Consolidated Affiliates 
   
 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Senior Secured Notes 
    
 $ 
 6,476,434 
   
    
 $ 
 3,250 
   
    
 $ 
 3,201 
   
    
 $ 
 10,595,652 
   
    
 $ 
 1,000 
   
    
 $ 
 996 
   
 
   Subordinated Notes 
    
   
 60,289 
   
    
   
 111,659 
   
    
   
 52,811 
   
    
   
 743,554 
   
    
   
 53,400 
   
    
   
 40,390 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 6,536,723 
   
    
 $ 
 114,909 
   
    
 $ 
 56,012 
   
    
 $ 
 11,339,206 
   
    
 $ 
 54,400 
   
    
 $ 
 41,386 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The Loans Payable of the consolidated CLO vehicles are collateralized by assets held by each respective
CLO vehicle and assets of one vehicle may not be used to satisfy the liabilities of another. This collateral consisted of Cash, Corporate Loans, Corporate Bonds and other securities. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the fair value of the
consolidated CLO assets was $7.1 billion and $13.4 billion, respectively.    As part of Blackstone’s borrowing
arrangements, the Partnership is subject to certain financial and operating covenants. The Partnership was in compliance with all of its loan covenants as of December 31, 2018.  
 Scheduled principal payments for borrowings at December 31, 2018 are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Operating Borrowings 
   
    
 Blackstone Fund Facilities / CLO Vehicles 
   
    
 Total Borrowings 
   


 
   2019 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 400,000 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 400,000 
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   2023 
    
   
 400,000 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 400,000 
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 2,732,030 
   
    
   
 6,863,285 
   
    
   
 9,595,315 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 3,532,030 
   
    
 $ 
 6,863,285 
   
    
 $ 
 10,395,315 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      199
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 
 
 14. 
   INCOME TAXES    The Income Before Provision for Taxes consists of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Domestic Income 
    
 $ 
 3,308,202 
   
    
 $ 
 3,956,339 
   
    
 $ 
 2,214,974 
   
 
   Foreign Income 
    
   
 204,739 
   
    
   
 161,750 
   
    
   
 166,630 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 3,512,941 
   
    
 $ 
 4,118,089 
   
    
 $ 
 2,381,604 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The Provision for Taxes consists of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Current 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Federal Income Tax 
    
 $ 
 73,525 
   
    
 $ 
 31,457 
   
    
 $ 
 32,383 
   
 
   Foreign Income Tax 
    
   
 42,128 
   
    
   
 36,083 
   
    
   
 17,322 
   
 
   State and Local Income Tax 
    
   
 53,961 
   
    
   
 40,507 
   
    
   
 32,572 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 169,614 
   
    
   
 108,047 
   
    
   
 82,277 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Federal Income Tax 
    
   
 59,924 
   
    
   
 613,518 
   
    
   
 42,042 
   
 
   Foreign Income Tax 
    
   
 (2,518 
 )  
    
   
 (34 
 )  
    
   
 363 
   
 
   State and Local Income Tax 
    
   
 22,370 
   
    
   
 21,616 
   
    
   
 7,680 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 79,776 
   
    
   
 635,100 
   
    
   
 50,085 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 249,390 
   
    
 $ 
 743,147 
   
    
 $ 
 132,362 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The following table summarizes Blackstone’s tax position:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 3,512,941 
   
   
 $ 
 4,118,089 
   
   
 $ 
 2,381,604 
   
 
   Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 249,390 
   
   
 $ 
 743,147 
   
   
 $ 
 132,362 
   
 
   Effective Income Tax Rate 
    
   
 7.1 
 %  
   
   
 18.0 
 %  
   
   
 5.6 
 %  
 
      200
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The following table reconciles the effective income tax rate to the U.S. federal
statutory tax rate:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
   2018   
   
   
   2017   
   
   
   2016   
   


 
   Statutory U.S. Federal Income Tax Rate 
    
   
 21.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
 
   Income Passed Through to Common Unitholders and Non-Controlling Interest Holders (a) 
    
   
 -15.5 
 %  
   
   
 -25.9 
 %  
   
   
 -28.6 
 %  
 
   State and Local Income Taxes 
    
   
 1.8 
 %  
   
   
 1.5 
 %  
   
   
 1.3 
 %  
 
   Equity-Based Compensation 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 -0.1 
 %  
   
   
 -0.2 
 %  
 
   Impact of the Tax Reform Bill 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 8.3 
 %  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 -0.2 
 %  
   
   
 -0.8 
 %  
   
   
 -1.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effective Income Tax Rate 
    
   
 7.1 
 %  
   
   
 18.0 
 %  
   
   
 5.6 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Includes income that is not taxable to the Partnership and its subsidiaries. Such income is directly taxable to the Partnership’s
unitholders and the non-controlling interest holders.    U.S. federal income tax reform legislation, known as
the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, was signed into law on December 22, 2017 (the “Tax Reform Bill”). In December 2017 the SEC staff issued guidance on accounting for the tax effects of the Tax Reform Bill, which provided that the income tax
effects of those aspects of the Tax Reform Bill for which the Partnership’s accounting for income taxes was complete must be reflected in that current period. The Tax Reform Bill reduced the corporate federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%
effective January 1, 2018. Consequently, the Partnership recorded a decrease related to the net deferred tax assets of $500.6 million with a corresponding net adjustment to deferred income tax expense of $500.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The remeasurement was partially offset by a $160.3 million tax benefit resulting from the $403.9 million reduction to the liability under the Tax Receivable Agreement resulting from the reduction of the federal
income tax rate. The net impact to the 2017 effective tax rate was an 8.3% increase. During the quarter ended December 31, 2018 the Partnership completed its accounting for the income tax effects for the Tax Reform Bill, and no significant
adjustments were made to the provisional amounts previously recorded.    Further, the Tax Reform Bill includes a one-time deemed
repatriation on undistributed foreign earnings and profits (referred to as the transition tax), which was not material to the Partnership.    The Tax Reform Bill also established new tax laws that became effective with the tax year beginning January 1, 2018, including, but not limited to, a new provision designed to tax global intangible
low-taxed income, a tax determined by base erosion and anti-tax abuse tax benefits from certain payments between a U.S. corporation and foreign subsidiaries and interest expense limitation. The net effect on the 2018 provision for income taxes for
these provisions are immaterial.    Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences that may exist
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes  
      201
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. A summary of the tax effects of the temporary differences is as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Deferred Tax Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fund Management Fees 
    
 $ 
 6,955 
   
    
 $ 
 9,938 
   
 
   Equity-Based Compensation 
    
   
 69,484 
   
    
   
 54,699 
   
 
   Amortization and Depreciation 
    
   
 768,984 
   
    
   
 754,924 
   
 
   Net Operating Loss Carry Forward 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 8,885 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Deferred Tax Assets 
    
   
 845,423 
   
    
   
 828,446 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred Tax Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized Gains from Investments 
    
   
 71,472 
   
    
   
 65,883 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 34,469 
   
    
   
 36,593 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Deferred Tax Liabilities 
    
   
 105,941 
   
    
   
 102,476 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Deferred Tax Assets 
    
 $ 
 739,482 
   
    
 $ 
 725,970 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Future realization of tax benefits depends on the expectation of taxable income within a period of time
that the tax benefits will reverse. The Partnership has recorded a significant deferred tax asset for the future amortization of tax basis intangibles acquired from the predecessor owners and current owners. The amortization period for these tax
basis intangibles is 15 years; accordingly, the related deferred tax assets will reverse over the same period. The Partnership had a taxable loss of $43.2 million and $10.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2016,
respectively, of which $10.3 million was carried back and utilized against taxable income generated in the tax year ended December 31, 2014. $43.2 million together with the taxable loss of $18.6 million generated for the year
ended December 31, 2017 were fully realized in the tax year ended December 31, 2018. The Partnership has no taxable loss carryforward as of December 31, 2018. The Partnership has considered the 15 year amortization period for the tax
basis intangibles in evaluating whether it should establish a valuation allowance.    In evaluating its ability to utilize
deferred tax assets, the Partnership considers projections of taxable income, beginning with historic results and incorporating assumptions of the amount of future pretax operating income. The assumptions about future taxable income require
significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates that the Partnership uses to manage its business. At this time, the Partnership’s projections of future taxable income indicate that it is more likely than not that the
benefits from the deferred tax asset will be realized. Therefore, the Partnership has determined that no valuation allowance is needed at December 31, 2018.    Currently, the Partnership does not believe it meets the indefinite reversal criteria that would cause the Partnership to not recognize a deferred tax liability with respect to its foreign subsidiaries.
Where applicable, Blackstone will record a deferred tax liability for any outside basis difference of an investment in a foreign subsidiary.    Blackstone files its tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. In the normal course of business, Blackstone is subject to examination by federal and certain
state, local and foreign tax regulators. As of December 31, 2018, Blackstone’s U.S. federal income tax returns for the years 2015 through 2017 are open under the normal three-year statute of limitations and therefore subject to
examination. State and local tax returns are generally subject to audit from 2014 through 2017. The City of New York is examining certain other subsidiaries’ tax returns for the years 2007 through 2014. The Income Tax Department of the
Government of India  
      202
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
is examining the tax returns of the Indian subsidiaries for the years 2008 and 2009. HM Revenue and Customs in the U.K. is examining certain U.K. subsidiaries’ tax returns for 2011.
Blackstone believes that during 2019 certain tax examinations have a reasonable possibility of being completed and does not expect the results of these examinations to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.  
 Blackstone’s unrecognized tax benefits, excluding related interest and penalties, were:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Unrecognized Tax Benefits — January 1 
    
 $ 
 11,454 
   
    
 $ 
 3,581 
   
    
 $ 
 15,698 
   
 
   Additions based on Tax Positions Related to Current Year 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 902 
   
 
   Reductions for Tax Positions of Current Year 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (851 
 )  
 
   Additions for Tax Positions of Prior Years 
    
   
 9,671 
   
    
   
 11,167 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Reductions for Tax Positions of Prior Years 
    
   
 (323 
 )  
    
   
 (1,860 
 )  
    
   
 (7,837 
 )  
 
   Reductions for Tax Positions as a Result of a Lapse of the Applicable Statute of Limitations 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (3,774 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (1,382 
 )  
    
   
 (357 
 )  
 
   Exchange Rate Fluctuations 
    
   
 62 
   
    
   
 (52 
 )  
    
   
 (200 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Unrecognized Tax Benefits — December 31 
    
 $ 
 20,864 
   
    
 $ 
 11,454 
   
    
 $ 
 3,581 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   If the above tax benefits were recognized, $20.9 million and $11.5 million for the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, would reduce the annual effective rate. Blackstone does not believe that it will have a material increase or decrease in its unrecognized tax benefits during the coming year.  
 The unrecognized tax benefits are recorded in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expense and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Condition.    Blackstone recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax positions in General,
Administrative and Other Expenses. During the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, $1.8 million, $(0.4) million and $(4.1) million of interest expense were accrued (reversed), respectively. During the years ended December 31,
2018, 2017 and 2016, no penalties were accrued.    Other Income — Reduction of the Tax Receivable Agreement Liability  
 In 2017, the $403.9 million Reduction of the Tax Receivable Agreement Liability was primarily attributable to the reduction in the
corporate federal tax rate from 35% to 21% pursuant to the Tax Reform Bill.  
      203
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 
 
 15. 
   NET INCOME PER COMMON UNIT    Basic and diluted net income per common unit for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was calculated as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Net Income for Per Common Unit Calculations 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P., Basic 
    
 $ 
 1,541,788 
   
    
 $ 
 1,471,374 
   
    
 $ 
 1,039,014 
   
 
   Incremental Net Income from Assumed Exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units 
    
   
 1,185,799 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 828,102 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P., Diluted 
    
 $ 
 2,727,587 
   
    
 $ 
 1,471,374 
   
    
 $ 
 1,867,116 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Units Outstanding 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Weighted-Average Common Units Outstanding, Basic 
    
   
 678,850,245 
   
    
   
 665,453,198 
   
    
   
 649,475,264 
   
 
   Weighted-Average Unvested Deferred Restricted Common Units 
    
   
 226,487 
   
    
   
 793,648 
   
    
   
 1,445,277 
   
 
   Weighted-Average Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units 
    
   
 527,886,114 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 544,194,049 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Weighted-Average Common Units Outstanding, Diluted 
    
   
 1,206,962,846 
   
    
   
 666,246,846 
   
    
   
 1,195,114,590 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Per Common Unit, Basic 
    
 $ 
 2.27 
   
    
 $ 
 2.21 
   
    
 $ 
 1.60 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Per Common Unit, Diluted 
    
 $ 
 2.26 
   
    
 $ 
 2.21 
   
    
 $ 
 1.56 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Distributions Declared Per Common Unit (a) 
    
 $ 
 2.42 
   
    
 $ 
 2.32 
   
    
 $ 
 1.66 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Distributions declared reflects the calendar date of the declaration for each distribution. The fourth quarter distribution, if any, for any
fiscal year will be declared and paid in the subsequent fiscal year.    In computing the dilutive effect that
the exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units would have on net income per common unit, the Partnership considered that net income available to holders of common units would increase due to the elimination of non-controlling interests in
Blackstone Holdings, inclusive of any tax impact. Because the hypothetical conversion may result in a different tax rate, the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units are considered anti-dilutive in certain periods and dilutive in other periods.
   The following table summarizes the anti-dilutive securities for the periods indicated:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Weighted-Average Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 533,982,613 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   Unit Repurchase Program    On April 16, 2018, the Board of Directors of our general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion of Blackstone common units and Blackstone
Holdings Partnership  
      204
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
Units. Under the unit repurchase program, units may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the actual
number of units repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The unit repurchase program may be changed, suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified
expiration date.    During the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, no units were repurchased. During the year
ended December 31, 2018, Blackstone repurchased 16.0 million Blackstone common units at a total cost of $541.5 million. As of December 31, 2018, the amount remaining available for repurchases under this program was
$458.5 million.      
 
 
 16. 
   EQUITY-BASED COMPENSATION    The Partnership has granted equity-based compensation awards to Blackstone’s senior managing directors, non-partner professionals, non-professionals and selected external advisers under the
Partnership’s 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Equity Plan”). The Equity Plan allows for the granting of options, unit appreciation rights or other unit-based awards (units, restricted units, restricted common units, deferred
restricted common units, phantom restricted common units or other unit-based awards based in whole or in part on the fair value of the Blackstone common units or Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units) which may contain certain service or performance
requirements. As of January 1, 2018, the Partnership had the ability to grant 172,155,134 units under the Equity Plan.    For the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 the Partnership recorded compensation expense of $366.9 million, $338.7 million, and $323.7 million, respectively, in relation to its
equity-based awards with corresponding tax benefits of $59.0 million, $47.1 million, and $33.8 million, respectively.    As of December 31, 2018, there was $846.5 million of estimated unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested awards. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
of 3.8 years.    Total vested and unvested outstanding units, including Blackstone common units, Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units and deferred restricted common units, were 1,196,679,968 as of December 31, 2018. Total outstanding unvested phantom units were 49,155 as of December 31, 2018.  
 A summary of the status of the Partnership’s unvested equity-based awards as of December 31, 2018 and of changes during
the period January 1, 2018 through December 31, 2018 is presented below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Equity Settled Awards 
   
   
 Cash Settled Awards 
   
 
   Unvested Units 
   
 Partnership Units 
   
   
 Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value 
   
   
 Deferred Restricted Common Units 
   
   
 Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value 
   
   
 Phantom Units 
   
   
 Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value 
   


 
   Balance, December 31, 2017 
   
   
 30,023,189 
   
   
 $ 
 35.26 
   
   
   
 9,019,974 
   
   
 $ 
 30.03 
   
   
   
 44,196 
   
   
 $ 
 31.85 
   
 
   Granted 
   
   
 13,011,587 
   
   
   
 32.80 
   
   
   
 5,234,541 
   
   
   
 32.61 
   
   
   
 9,408 
   
   
   
 36.87 
   
 
   Vested 
   
   
 (9,350,183 
 )  
   
   
 34.35 
   
   
   
 (4,538,236 
 )  
   
   
 30.02 
   
   
   
 (6,796 
 )  
   
   
 35.98 
   
 
   Forfeited 
   
   
 (2,130,466 
 )  
   
   
 37.15 
   
   
   
 (404,011 
 )  
   
   
 30.85 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, December 31, 2018 
   
   
 31,554,127 
   
   
 $ 
 34.38 
   
   
   
 9,312,268 
   
   
 $ 
 31.43 
   
   
   
 46,808 
   
   
 $ 
 34.66 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
      205
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Units Expected to Vest    The following unvested units, after expected forfeitures, as of December 31, 2018, are expected to vest:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Units 
   
    
 Weighted-Average Service Period
in Years 
   


 
   Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units 
    
   
 27,284,548 
   
    
   
 3.5 
   
 
   Deferred Restricted Blackstone Common Units 
    
   
 8,034,354 
   
    
   
 2.2 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Equity-Based Awards 
    
   
 35,318,902 
   
    
   
 3.2 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Phantom Units 
    
   
 38,474 
   
    
   
 2.5 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Deferred Restricted Common Units and Phantom Units  
 The Partnership has granted deferred restricted common units to certain senior and non-senior managing director professionals, analysts
and senior finance and administrative personnel and selected external advisers and phantom units (cash settled equity-based awards) to other senior and non-senior managing director employees. Holders of deferred restricted common units and phantom
units are not entitled to any voting rights. Only phantom units are to be settled in cash.    The fair values of deferred
restricted common units have been derived based on the closing price of Blackstone’s common units on the date of the grant, multiplied by the number of unvested awards and expensed over the assumed service period, which ranges from 1 to 5
years. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes forfeiture rates based upon historical turnover rates, ranging from 1.0% to 12.5% annually by employee class, and a per unit discount, ranging from $0.50 to $10.88.  
 The phantom units vest over the assumed service period, which ranges from 1 to 5 years. On each such vesting date, Blackstone delivered
or will deliver cash to the holder in an amount equal to the number of phantom units held multiplied by the then fair market value of the Blackstone common units on such date. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes a
forfeiture rate based upon a historical turnover rate of 9.2% annually by employee class. Blackstone is accounting for these cash settled awards as a liability.    Blackstone paid $0.2 million, $0.3 million and $0.2 million to non-senior managing director employees in settlement of phantom units for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and
2016, respectively.    Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units    The Partnership has granted deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partners Units to certain newly hired and pre-existing senior managing directors. Holders of deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units are not entitled to any voting rights.    The fair values of deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units have been derived based on the closing price of Blackstone’s common units on the date of the grant, multiplied by the number of unvested awards and expensed over the assumed service period, which ranges from 1 to 7 years.
Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes forfeiture rates ranging from 6.6% to 9.2%, based on historical experience.  
      206
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 
 
 17. 
   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS    Affiliate Receivables and Payables    Due from Affiliates and Due to
Affiliates consisted of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Management Fees, Performance Revenues, Reimbursable Expenses and other receivables from Non-Consolidated Entities and Portfolio
Companies 
    
 $ 
 1,520,100 
   
    
 $ 
 1,616,148 
   
 
   Due From Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders and Blackstone Employees 
    
   
 462,475 
   
    
   
 410,877 
   
 
   Accrual for Potential Clawback of Previously Distributed Performance Allocations 
    
   
 11,548 
   
    
   
 1,112 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,994,123 
   
    
 $ 
 2,028,137 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Due to Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders in Connection with the Tax Receivable Agreements 
    
 $ 
 796,902 
   
    
 $ 
 715,734 
   
 
   Due to Non-Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 99,728 
   
    
   
 90,038 
   
 
   Due to Note-Holders of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
   
 56,012 
   
    
   
 41,386 
   
 
   Due to Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders and Blackstone Employees 
    
   
 53,613 
   
    
   
 87,829 
   
 
   Accrual for Potential Repayment of Previously Received Performance Allocations 
    
   
 29,521 
   
    
   
 2,171 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,035,776 
   
    
 $ 
 937,158 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Interests of the Founder, Senior Managing Directors, Employees and Other Related Parties  
 The Founder, senior managing directors, employees and certain other related parties invest on a discretionary basis in the consolidated
Blackstone Funds both directly and through consolidated entities. These investments generally are subject to preferential management fee and performance allocation or incentive fee arrangements. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, such
investments aggregated $842.9 million and $813.2 million, respectively. Their share of the Net Income Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling and Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities aggregated $63.6 million,
$113.9 million and $79.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.    Loans to Affiliates
   Loans to affiliates consist of interest bearing advances to certain Blackstone individuals to finance their investments in
certain Blackstone Funds. These loans earn interest at Blackstone’s cost of borrowing and such interest totaled $5.4 million, $3.4 million and $1.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
 
      207
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Contingent Repayment Guarantee  
 Blackstone and its personnel who have received Performance Allocation distributions have guaranteed payment on a several basis (subject to
a cap) to the carry funds of any clawback obligation with respect to the excess Performance Allocation allocated to the general partners of such funds and indirectly received thereby to the extent that either Blackstone or its personnel fails to
fulfill its clawback obligation, if any. The Accrual for Potential Repayment of Previously Received Performance Allocations represents amounts previously paid to Blackstone Holdings and non-controlling interest holders that would need to be repaid
to the Blackstone Funds if the carry funds were to be liquidated based on the fair value of their underlying investments as of December 31, 2018. See Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Contingent
Obligations (Clawback)”.    Aircraft and Other Services    In the normal course of business, Blackstone personnel make use of aircraft owned as personal assets by Stephen A. Schwarzman; an aircraft owned jointly as a personal asset by Hamilton E. James,
Blackstone’s Executive Vice Chairman and a Director of Blackstone, and another senior managing director; an aircraft owned as a personal asset by Jonathan D. Gray, Blackstone’s President and Chief Operating Officer and a Director of
Blackstone; and an aircraft owned jointly as a personal asset by Bennett J. Goodman, Co-Founder of GSO Capital and a Director of Blackstone, and a former senior managing director (each such aircraft, “Personal Aircraft”).
Mr. Schwarzman paid for his purchases of his Personal Aircraft himself. Mr. James paid for his interest in his jointly owned Personal Aircraft. Mr. Goodman paid for his interest in his jointly owned Personal Aircraft. Mr. Gray
paid for his purchase of his Personal Aircraft himself. Mr. Schwarzman, Mr. James, Mr. Goodman and Mr. Gray respectively bear operating, personnel and maintenance costs associated with the operation of such Personal Aircraft.
Payment by Blackstone for the use of the Personal Aircraft by Blackstone employees is made based on market rates.    In
addition, on occasion, certain of Blackstone’s executive officers and employee directors and their families may make personal use of aircraft in which Blackstone owns a fractional interest, as well as other assets of Blackstone. Any such
personal use of Blackstone assets is charged to the executive officer or employee director based on market rates and usage. Personal use of Blackstone resources is also reimbursed to Blackstone based on market rates.  
 The transactions described herein are not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 Tax Receivable Agreements  
 Blackstone used a portion of the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of non-voting common units to Beijing Wonderful Investments to
purchase interests in the predecessor businesses from the predecessor owners. In addition, holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units may exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for Blackstone common units on a one-for-one basis.
The purchase and subsequent exchanges are expected to result in increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings and therefore reduce the amount of tax that Blackstone’s wholly owned subsidiaries would
otherwise be required to pay in the future.    One of the subsidiaries of the Partnership which is a corporate taxpayer has
entered into tax receivable agreements with each of the predecessor owners and additional tax receivable agreements have been executed, and will continue to be executed, with newly-admitted senior managing directors and others who acquire Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units. The agreements provide for the payment by the corporate taxpayer to such owners of 85% of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that the corporate taxpayers
 
      208
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
actually realize as a result of the aforementioned increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to entering into these tax receivable agreements. For purposes of the tax
receivable agreements, cash savings in income tax will be computed by comparing the actual income tax liability of the corporate taxpayers to the amount of such taxes that the corporate taxpayers would have been required to pay had there been no
increase to the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings as a result of the exchanges and had the corporate taxpayers not entered into the tax receivable agreements.  
 As a result of the Tax Reform Bill, there was a reduction of $403.9 million of the tax receivable agreement liability due to the
pre-IPO owners and others mentioned above. Assuming no future material changes in the relevant tax law and that the corporate taxpayers earn sufficient taxable income to realize the full tax benefit of the increased amortization of the assets, the
expected future payments under the tax receivable agreements (which are taxable to the recipients) will aggregate $796.9 million over the next 15 years. The after-tax net present value of these estimated payments totals $309.2 million
assuming a 15% discount rate and using Blackstone’s most recent projections relating to the estimated timing of the benefit to be received. Future payments under the tax receivable agreements in respect of subsequent exchanges would be in
addition to these amounts. The payments under the tax receivable agreements are not conditioned upon continued ownership of Blackstone equity interests by the pre-IPO owners and the others mentioned above. Subsequent to December 31, 2018,
payments totaling $87.3 million were made to certain pre-IPO owners and others mentioned above in accordance with the tax receivable agreement and related to tax benefits the Partnership received for the 2016 and 2017 taxable years.  
 Amounts related to the deferred tax asset resulting from the increase in tax basis from the exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership
Units to Blackstone common units, the resulting remeasurement of net deferred tax assets at the Blackstone ownership percentage at the balance sheet date, the due to affiliates for the future payments resulting from the tax receivable agreements and
resulting adjustment to partners’ capital are included as Acquisition of Ownership Interests from Non-Controlling Interest Holders in the Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities in the Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows.    Other    Blackstone does business with and on behalf of some of its Portfolio Companies; all such arrangements are on a negotiated basis.    Additionally, please see Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Guarantees” for information regarding guarantees provided to a lending institution for certain
loans held by employees.      
 
 
 18. 
   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    Commitments    Operating Leases  
 The Partnership enters into non-cancelable lease and sublease agreements primarily for office space, which expire on various dates through
2030. Occupancy lease agreements, in addition to base rentals, generally are subject to escalation provisions based on certain costs incurred by the landlord, and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease agreement. Rent
expense includes base contractual rent and variable costs such as building expenses, utilities, taxes and insurance. Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, was $109.9 million, $104.7 million and
$97.2 million, respectively. At December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Partnership maintained irrevocable standby letters of credit and cash deposits as security for the leases of $7.9 million and
 
      209
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
$8.9 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2018, the aggregate minimum future payments, net of sublease income, required on the operating leases are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2019 
    
 $ 
 78,506 
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 72,191 
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 80,914 
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 79,094 
   
 
   2023 
    
   
 77,248 
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 273,347 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 661,300 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Investment Commitments    Blackstone had $2.6 billion of investment commitments as of December 31, 2018 representing general partner capital funding commitments to the Blackstone Funds, limited partner capital funding to
other funds and Blackstone principal investment commitments. The consolidated Blackstone Funds had signed investment commitments of $94.5 million as of December 31, 2018 which includes $24.9 million of signed investment commitments
for portfolio company acquisitions in the process of closing.    Regulated Entities  
 Certain U.S. and non-U.S. entities are subject to various investment adviser and other financial regulatory rules and requirements that
may include minimum net capital requirements. These entities have continuously operated in excess of these requirements. This includes a number of U.S. entities that are registered as investment advisers with the SEC.  
 These regulatory capital requirements may restrict the Partnership’s ability to withdraw capital from its entities. At
December 31, 2018, $39.4 million of net assets of consolidated entities may be restricted as to the payment of cash dividends and advances to the Partnership.    Contingencies    Guarantees  
 Certain of Blackstone’s consolidated real estate funds guarantee payments to third parties in connection with the on-going business
activities and/or acquisitions of their Portfolio Companies. There is no direct recourse to the Partnership to fulfill such obligations. To the extent that underlying funds are required to fulfill guarantee obligations, the Partnership’s
invested capital in such funds is at risk. Total investments at risk in respect of guarantees extended by consolidated real estate funds was $31.3 million as of December 31, 2018.  
 The Blackstone Holdings Partnerships provided guarantees to a lending institution for certain loans held by employees either for
investment in Blackstone Funds or for members’ capital contributions to Blackstone Group International Partners LLP. The amount guaranteed as of December 31, 2018 was $198.3 million.  
 Litigation    Blackstone
may from time to time be involved in litigation and claims incidental to the conduct of its business. Blackstone’s businesses are also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against the Partnership.
   Blackstone accrues a liability for legal proceedings only when those matters present loss contingencies that are both
probable and reasonably estimable. In such cases, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of any amounts accrued. Although there can be no assurance of the outcome of such legal actions, based on information known by
 
      210
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
management, Blackstone does not have a potential liability related to any current legal proceeding or claim that would individually or in the aggregate materially affect its results of
operations, financial position or cash flows.    In December 2017, a purported derivative suit ( Mayberry v. KKR & Co.,
L.P., et al. ) was filed in the Commonwealth of Kentucky Franklin County Circuit Court on behalf of the Kentucky Retirement System (“KRS”) by eight of its members and beneficiaries alleging various breaches of fiduciary duty and other
violations of Kentucky state law in connection with KRS’s investment in three hedge funds of funds, including a fund managed by Blackstone Alternative Asset Management L.P. (“BAAM L.P.”). The suit names more than 30 defendants,
including The Blackstone Group L.P.; BAAM L.P.; Stephen A. Schwarzman, as Chairman and CEO of Blackstone; and J. Tomilson Hill, as then-President and CEO of the Hedge Fund Solutions Group, Vice Chairman of Blackstone and CEO of BAAM (collectively,
the “Blackstone Defendants”). Aside from the Blackstone Defendants, the action also names current and former KRS trustees and former KRS officers and various other service providers to KRS and their related persons.  
 The plaintiffs filed an amended complaint in January 2018. In November 2018, the Circuit Court granted one defendant’s motion to
dismiss and denied all other defendants’ motions to dismiss, including those of the Blackstone Defendants. In January 2019, certain of the KRS trustee and officer defendants noticed appeals from the denial of the motions to dismiss to the
Kentucky Court of Appeals, and also filed a motion to stay the Mayberry proceedings in Circuit Court pending the outcome of those appeals. In addition, several defendants, including Blackstone and BAAM L.P., filed petitions in the Kentucky Court of
Appeals for a writ of prohibition against the ongoing Mayberry proceedings on the ground that the plaintiffs lack standing.  
 Blackstone believes that this suit is totally without merit and intends to defend it vigorously.  
 Contingent Obligations (Clawback)    Performance Allocations are subject to clawback to the extent that the Performance Allocations received to date with respect to a fund exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results of
that fund. The actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain Blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an
interim clawback liability. The lives of the carry funds, including available contemplated extensions, for which a liability for potential clawback obligations has been recorded for financial reporting purposes, are currently anticipated to expire
at various points through 2028. Further extensions of such terms may be implemented under given circumstances.    For financial
reporting purposes, when applicable, the general partners record a liability for potential clawback obligations to the limited partners of some of the carry funds due to changes in the unrealized value of a fund’s remaining investments and
where the fund’s general partner has previously received Performance Allocation distributions with respect to such fund’s realized investments.    The following table presents the clawback obligations by segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
 
   Segment 
    
 Blackstone Holdings 
   
    
 Current and Former Personnel (a) 
   
   
 Total 
   
    
 Blackstone Holdings 
   
    
 Current and Former Personnel 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Real Estate 
    
 $ 
 15,770 
   
    
 $ 
 10,053 
   
   
 $ 
 25,823 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Private Equity 
    
   
 13,296 
   
    
   
 (12,448 
 )  
   
   
 848 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Credit 
    
   
 1,355 
   
    
   
 1,495 
   
   
   
 2,850 
   
    
   
 1,059 
   
    
   
 1,112 
   
    
   
 2,171 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 30,421 
   
    
 $ 
 (900 
 )  
   
 $ 
 29,521 
   
    
 $ 
 1,059 
   
    
 $ 
 1,112 
   
    
 $ 
 2,171 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   The split of clawback between Blackstone Holdings and Current and Former Personnel is based on the performance of individual investments held
by a fund rather than on a fund by fund basis.  
      211
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  For Private Equity, Real Estate, and certain Credit Funds, a portion of the Performance
Allocations paid to current and former Blackstone personnel is held in segregated accounts in the event of a cash clawback obligation. These segregated accounts are not included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Partnership, except to
the extent a portion of the assets held in the segregated accounts may be allocated to a consolidated Blackstone fund of hedge funds. At December 31, 2018, $675.3 million was held in segregated accounts for the purpose of meeting any
clawback obligations of current and former personnel if such payments are required.    In the Credit segment, payment of
Performance Allocations to the Partnership by the majority of the stressed/distressed, mezzanine and credit alpha strategies funds are substantially deferred under the terms of the partnership agreements. This deferral mitigates the need to hold
funds in segregated accounts in the event of a cash clawback obligation.    If, at December 31, 2018, all of the
investments held by our carry funds were deemed worthless, a possibility that management views as remote, the amount of Performance Allocations subject to potential clawback would be $7.0 billion, on an after tax basis where applicable, of
which Blackstone Holdings is potentially liable for $6.4 billion if current and former Blackstone personnel default on their share of the liability, a possibility that management also views as remote.  
   
 
 
 19. 
   SEGMENT REPORTING    Blackstone transacts its primary business in the United States and substantially all of its revenues are generated domestically.    Blackstone conducts its alternative asset management businesses through four segments:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Real Estate — Blackstone’s Real Estate segment primarily comprises its management of global, Europe and Asia-focused opportunistic real
estate funds, high yield real estate debt funds, liquid real estate debt funds, core+ real estate funds, a NYSE-listed REIT and a non-exchange traded REIT.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Private Equity — Blackstone’s Private Equity segment primarily comprises its management of flagship corporate private equity funds, sector
and geographically-focused corporate private equity funds, including energy and Asia-focused funds, a core private equity fund, an opportunistic investment platform, a secondary fund of funds business, infrastructure-focused funds, a life sciences
private investment platform, a multi-asset investment program for eligible high net worth investors and a capital markets services business.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge Fund Solutions — The largest component of Blackstone’s Hedge Fund Solutions segment is Blackstone Alternative Asset Management, which
manages a broad range of commingled and customized hedge fund of fund solutions. The segment also includes investment platforms that seed new hedge fund businesses, purchase minority ownership interests in more established hedge funds, invest in
special situation opportunities, create alternative solutions in the form of mutual funds and UCITS and trade directly.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Credit — Blackstone’s Credit segment consists principally of GSO Capital Partners LP, which is organized into performing credit strategies
(which include mezzanine lending funds, middle market direct lending funds and other performing credit strategy funds), distressed strategies (which include credit alpha strategies, stressed/distressed funds and energy strategies) and long only
strategies (which consist of CLOs, closed end funds, open end funds and separately managed accounts). In addition, the segment includes a publicly traded master limited partnership investment platform, Harvest, and our insurer-focused platform,
Blackstone Insurance Solutions.  
      212
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  These business segments are differentiated by their various investment strategies. The
Real Estate, Private Equity, Hedge Fund Solutions and Credit segments primarily earn their income from management fees and investment returns on assets under management.    Effective as of and for the three months ended December 31, 2018, Blackstone senior management determined that Segment Distributable Earnings, and not Economic Income, is the measure that it uses to
assess the performance of its business segments. Segment Distributable Earnings is used by management to make operating decisions, allocate resources and determine the compensation of employees across all of its business segments. All prior periods
have been recast to reflect these updates.    Segment Distributable Earnings is Blackstone’s segment profitability measure
used to make operating decisions and assess performance across Blackstone’s four segments. Blackstone’s segments are presented on a basis that deconsolidates Blackstone Funds, eliminates non-controlling ownership interests in
Blackstone’s consolidated Operating Partnerships, removes the amortization of intangible assets and removes Transaction-Related Charges. Transaction-Related Charges arise from corporate actions including acquisitions, divestitures and
Blackstone’s initial public offering. They consist primarily of equity-based compensation charges, gains and losses on contingent consideration arrangements, changes in the balance of the tax receivable agreement resulting from a change in tax
law or similar event, transaction costs and any gains or losses associated with these corporate actions.    For segment
reporting purposes, Distributable Earnings is presented along with its major components, Fee Related Earnings and Net Realizations. Fee Related Earnings is used to assess Blackstone’s ability to generate profits from revenues that are measured
and received on a recurring basis and not subject to future realization events. Net Realizations is the sum of Realized Principal Investment Income and Realized Performance Revenues less Realized Performance Compensation. Performance Allocations and
Incentive Fees are presented together and referred to collectively as Performance Revenues or Performance Compensation.    Segment
Presentation    The following tables present the financial data for Blackstone’s four segments as of
December 31, 2018 and 2017 and for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2018 and the Twelve Months Then Ended 
   
 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total Segments 
   


 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
   
 $ 
 985,399 
   
   
 $ 
 785,223 
   
   
 $ 
 519,782 
   
   
 $ 
 553,921 
   
   
 $ 
 2,844,325 
   
 
   Transaction, Advisory and Other Fees, Net 
   
   
 152,513 
   
   
   
 58,165 
   
   
   
 3,180 
   
   
   
 15,640 
   
   
   
 229,498 
   
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
   
   
 (11,442 
 )  
   
   
 (13,504 
 )  
   
   
 (93 
 )  
   
   
 (12,332 
 )  
   
   
 (37,371 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
   
   
 1,126,470 
   
   
   
 829,884 
   
   
   
 522,869 
   
   
   
 557,229 
   
   
   
 3,036,452 
   
 
   Fee Related Performance Revenues 
   
   
 124,502 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (666 
 )  
   
   
 123,836 
   
 
   Fee Related Compensation 
   
   
 (459,430 
 )  
   
   
 (375,446 
 )  
   
   
 (162,172 
 )  
   
   
 (219,098 
 )  
   
   
 (1,216,146 
 )  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
   
   
 (146,260 
 )  
   
   
 (133,096 
 )  
   
   
 (77,772 
 )  
   
   
 (131,200 
 )  
   
   
 (488,328 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fee Related Earnings 
   
   
 645,282 
   
   
   
 321,342 
   
   
   
 282,925 
   
   
   
 206,265 
   
   
   
 1,455,814 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Realized Performance Revenues 
   
   
 914,984 
   
   
   
 757,406 
   
   
   
 42,419 
   
   
   
 96,962 
   
   
   
 1,811,771 
   
 
   Realized Performance Compensation 
   
   
 (284,319 
 )  
   
   
 (318,167 
 )  
   
   
 (21,792 
 )  
   
   
 (53,863 
 )  
   
   
 (678,141 
 )  
 
   Realized Principal Investment Income 
   
   
 92,525 
   
   
   
 109,731 
   
   
   
 17,039 
   
   
   
 16,763 
   
   
   
 236,058 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Net Realizations 
   
   
 723,190 
   
   
   
 548,970 
   
   
   
 37,666 
   
   
   
 59,862 
   
   
   
 1,369,688 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment Distributable Earnings 
   
 $ 
 1,368,472 
   
   
 $ 
 870,312 
   
   
 $ 
 320,591 
   
   
 $ 
 266,127 
   
   
 $ 
 2,825,502 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Segment Assets 
   
 $ 
 7,521,117 
   
   
 $ 
 7,548,544 
   
   
 $ 
 1,976,809 
   
   
 $ 
 3,592,356 
   
   
 $ 
 20,638,826 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      213
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 and the Twelve Months Then Ended 
   
 
   
    
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total Segments 
   


 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
    
 $ 
 872,191 
   
   
 $ 
 724,818 
   
   
 $ 
 516,048 
   
   
 $ 
 567,334 
   
   
 $ 
 2,680,391 
   
 
   Transaction, Advisory and Other Fees, Net 
    
   
 82,781 
   
   
   
 57,624 
   
   
   
 2,980 
   
   
   
 13,431 
   
   
   
 156,816 
   
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
    
   
 (15,934 
 )  
   
   
 (18,007 
 )  
   
   
 (93 
 )  
   
   
 (32,382 
 )  
   
   
 (66,416 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
   
 939,038 
   
   
   
 764,435 
   
   
   
 518,935 
   
   
   
 548,383 
   
   
   
 2,770,791 
   
 
   Fee Related Performance Revenues 
    
   
 79,500 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 89,945 
   
   
   
 169,445 
   
 
   Fee Related Compensation 
    
   
 (437,311 
 )  
   
   
 (347,562 
 )  
   
   
 (146,924 
 )  
   
   
 (253,842 
 )  
   
   
 (1,185,639 
 )  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
    
   
 (136,042 
 )  
   
   
 (120,997 
 )  
   
   
 (68,265 
 )  
   
   
 (99,562 
 )  
   
   
 (424,866 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fee Related Earnings 
    
   
 445,185 
   
   
   
 295,876 
   
   
   
 303,746 
   
   
   
 284,924 
   
   
   
 1,329,731 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Realized Performance Revenues 
    
   
 2,141,374 
   
   
   
 1,157,188 
   
   
   
 154,343 
   
   
   
 194,902 
   
   
   
 3,647,807 
   
 
   Realized Performance Compensation 
    
   
 (751,526 
 )  
   
   
 (404,544 
 )  
   
   
 (40,707 
 )  
   
   
 (100,834 
 )  
   
   
 (1,297,611 
 )  
 
   Realized Principal Investment Income 
    
   
 255,903 
   
   
   
 154,837 
   
   
   
 9,074 
   
   
   
 16,380 
   
   
   
 436,194 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Net Realizations 
    
   
 1,645,751 
   
   
   
 907,481 
   
   
   
 122,710 
   
   
   
 110,448 
   
   
   
 2,786,390 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment Distributable Earnings 
    
 $ 
 2,090,936 
   
   
 $ 
 1,203,357 
   
   
 $ 
 426,456 
   
   
 $ 
 395,372 
   
   
 $ 
 4,116,121 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Segment Assets 
    
 $ 
 7,585,002 
   
   
 $ 
 6,369,491 
   
   
 $ 
 2,107,441 
   
   
 $ 
 3,926,286 
   
   
 $ 
 19,988,220 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2016 
   
 
   
    
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total Segments 
   


 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
    
 $ 
 795,161 
   
   
 $ 
 555,593 
   
   
 $ 
 521,736 
   
   
 $ 
 525,289 
   
   
 $ 
 2,397,779 
   
 
   Transaction, Advisory and Other Fees, Net 
    
   
 95,324 
   
   
   
 39,283 
   
   
   
 1,061 
   
   
   
 9,190 
   
   
   
 144,858 
   
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
    
   
 (7,322 
 )  
   
   
 (34,810 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (37,512 
 )  
   
   
 (79,644 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
   
 883,163 
   
   
   
 560,066 
   
   
   
 522,797 
   
   
   
 496,967 
   
   
   
 2,462,993 
   
 
   Fee Related Performance Revenues 
    
   
 18,178 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 83,252 
   
   
   
 101,430 
   
 
   Fee Related Compensation 
    
   
 (379,331 
 )  
   
   
 (298,149 
 )  
   
   
 (153,645 
 )  
   
   
 (223,313 
 )  
   
   
 (1,054,438 
 )  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
    
   
 (137,581 
 )  
   
   
 (130,685 
 )  
   
   
 (75,870 
 )  
   
   
 (87,700 
 )  
   
   
 (431,836 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fee Related Earnings 
    
   
 384,429 
   
   
   
 131,232 
   
   
   
 293,282 
   
   
   
 269,206 
   
   
   
 1,078,149 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Realized Performance Revenues 
    
   
 1,214,931 
   
   
   
 245,268 
   
   
   
 42,177 
   
   
   
 43,210 
   
   
   
 1,545,586 
   
 
   Realized Performance Compensation 
    
   
 (335,147 
 )  
   
   
 (110,882 
 )  
   
   
 (15,029 
 )  
   
   
 (22,199 
 )  
   
   
 (483,257 
 )  
 
   Realized Principal Investment Income (Loss) 
    
   
 122,712 
   
   
   
 73,377 
   
   
   
 (7,224 
 )  
   
   
 11,004 
   
   
   
 199,869 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Net Realizations 
    
   
 1,002,496 
   
   
   
 207,763 
   
   
   
 19,924 
   
   
   
 32,015 
   
   
   
 1,262,198 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment Distributable Earnings 
    
 $ 
 1,386,925 
   
   
 $ 
 338,995 
   
   
 $ 
 313,206 
   
   
 $ 
 301,221 
   
   
 $ 
 2,340,347 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      214
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Reconciliations of Total Segment Amounts  
 The following tables reconcile the Total Segment Revenues, Expenses and Distributable Earnings to their equivalent GAAP measure for the
years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 along with Total Assets as of December 31, 2018 and 2017:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total GAAP Revenues 
    
 $ 
 6,833,259 
   
   
 $ 
 7,145,015 
   
   
 $ 
 5,146,299 
   
 
   Less: Unrealized Performance Allocations (a) 
    
   
 (561,163 
 )  
   
   
 105,432 
   
   
   
 (530,120 
 )  
 
   Less: Unrealized Principal Investment (Income) Loss (b) 
    
   
 65,851 
   
   
   
 131,206 
   
   
   
 (20,421 
 )  
 
   Less: Interest and Dividend Revenue (c) 
    
   
 (181,763 
 )  
   
   
 (142,920 
 )  
   
   
 (96,399 
 )  
 
   Less: Other Revenue (d) 
    
   
 (89,468 
 )  
   
   
 140,051 
   
   
   
 (54,712 
 )  
 
   Impact of Consolidation (e) 
    
   
 (277,406 
 )  
   
   
 (322,729 
 )  
   
   
 (117,965 
 )  
 
   Amortization of Intangibles (f) 
    
   
 1,548 
   
   
   
 1,548 
   
   
   
 1,548 
   
 
   Transaction-Related Charges (g) 
    
   
 (588,710 
 )  
   
   
 (40,153 
 )  
   
   
 (20,635 
 )  
 
   Intersegment Eliminations 
    
   
 5,969 
   
   
   
 6,787 
   
   
   
 2,283 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment Revenue (h) 
    
 $ 
 5,208,117 
   
   
 $ 
 7,024,237 
   
   
 $ 
 4,309,878 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total GAAP Expenses 
    
 $ 
 3,512,040 
   
   
 $ 
 3,752,378 
   
   
 $ 
 2,949,445 
   
 
   Less: Unrealized Performance Allocations Compensation (i) 
    
   
 (319,742 
 )  
   
   
 (103,794 
 )  
   
   
 (333,528 
 )  
 
   Less: Equity Based Compensation (j) 
    
   
 (158,220 
 )  
   
   
 (107,110 
 )  
   
   
 (79,571 
 )  
 
   Less: Interest Expense (k) 
    
   
 (159,838 
 )  
   
   
 (192,838 
 )  
   
   
 (148,022 
 )  
 
   Impact of Consolidation (e) 
    
   
 (112,354 
 )  
   
   
 (133,081 
 )  
   
   
 (52,586 
 )  
 
   Amortization of Intangibles (f) 
    
   
 (58,446 
 )  
   
   
 (46,749 
 )  
   
   
 (82,918 
 )  
 
   Transaction-Related Charges (g) 
    
   
 (326,794 
 )  
   
   
 (267,477 
 )  
   
   
 (285,572 
 )  
 
   Intersegment Eliminations 
    
   
 5,969 
   
   
   
 6,787 
   
   
   
 2,283 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment Expenses (l) 
    
 $ 
 2,382,615 
   
   
 $ 
 2,908,116 
   
   
 $ 
 1,969,531 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Other Income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total GAAP Other Income 
    
 $ 
 191,722 
   
   
 $ 
 725,452 
   
   
 $ 
 184,750 
   
 
   Impact of Consolidation (e) 
    
   
 (191,722 
 )  
   
   
 (321,597 
 )  
   
   
 (184,750 
 )  
 
   Transaction-Related Charges (g) 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (403,855 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment Other Income 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      215
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total GAAP Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 3,512,941 
   
   
 $ 
 4,118,089 
   
   
 $ 
 2,381,604 
   
 
   Less: Unrealized Performance Allocations (a) 
    
   
 (561,163 
 )  
   
   
 105,432 
   
   
   
 (530,120 
 )  
 
   Less: Unrealized Principal Investment (Income) Loss (b) 
    
   
 65,851 
   
   
   
 131,206 
   
   
   
 (20,421 
 )  
 
   Less: Interest and Dividend Revenue (c) 
    
   
 (181,763 
 )  
   
   
 (142,920 
 )  
   
   
 (96,399 
 )  
 
   Less: Other Revenue (d) 
    
   
 (89,468 
 )  
   
   
 140,051 
   
   
   
 (54,712 
 )  
 
   Plus: Unrealized Performance Allocations Compensation (i) 
    
   
 319,742 
   
   
   
 103,794 
   
   
   
 333,528 
   
 
   Plus: Equity Based Compensation (j) 
    
   
 158,220 
   
   
   
 107,110 
   
   
   
 79,571 
   
 
   Plus: Interest Expense (k) 
    
   
 159,838 
   
   
   
 192,838 
   
   
   
 148,022 
   
 
   Impact of Consolidation (e) 
    
   
 (356,774 
 )  
   
   
 (511,245 
 )  
   
   
 (250,129 
 )  
 
   Amortization of Intangibles (f) 
    
   
 59,994 
   
   
   
 48,297 
   
   
   
 84,466 
   
 
   Transaction-Related Charges (g) 
    
   
 (261,916 
 )  
   
   
 (176,531 
 )  
   
   
 264,937 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment Distributable Earnings 
    
 $ 
 2,825,502 
   
   
 $ 
 4,116,121 
   
   
 $ 
 2,340,347 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Total Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total GAAP Assets 
    
 $ 
 28,924,650 
   
   
 $ 
 34,415,919 
   
 
   Impact of Consolidation (e) 
    
   
 (8,285,824 
 )  
   
   
 (14,427,699 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment Assets 
    
 $ 
 20,638,826 
   
   
 $ 
 19,988,220 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       Segment
basis presents revenues and expenses on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds Blackstone manages and excludes the amortization of intangibles and Transaction-Related Charges.  
 
 
 (a) 
   This adjustment removes Unrealized Performance Revenues on a segment basis.  
 
 
 (b) 
   This adjustment removes Unrealized Principal Investment Income (Loss) on a segment basis.  
 
 
 (c) 
   This adjustment removes Interest and Dividend Revenue on a segment basis.  
 
 
 (d) 
   This adjustment removes Other Revenue on a segment basis.  
 
 
 (e) 
   The Impact of Consolidation adjustment represents the effect of consolidating Blackstone Funds, the elimination of Blackstone’s interest
in these funds, the increase to revenue representing the reimbursement of certain expenses by Blackstone Funds, which are presented gross under GAAP but netted against Other Operating Expenses in the segment presentation, and the removal of amounts
associated with the ownership of Blackstone consolidated operating partnerships held by non-controlling interests.  
 
 
 (f) 
   Amortization of intangibles consists of the amortization of transaction-related intangibles including intangibles associated with
Blackstone’s investment in Pátria, which is accounted for under the equity method.  
 
 
 (g) 
   Transaction-Related Charges arise from corporate actions including acquisitions, divestitures, and Blackstone’s initial public offering.
They consist primarily of equity-based compensation charges, gains and losses on contingent consideration arrangements, changes in the balance of the tax receivable agreement resulting from a change in tax law or similar event, transaction costs and
any gains or losses associated with these corporate actions. For the year ended December 31, 2018, Transaction-Related Charges included $580.9 million of Other Revenues received upon the conclusion of Blackstone’s investment
sub-advisory relationship with FS Investments’ funds.  
      216
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 
 
 (h) 
   Total Segment Revenues is comprised of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Total Segment Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
 $ 
 3,036,452 
   
    
 $ 
 2,770,791 
   
    
 $ 
 2,462,993 
   
 
   Total Segment Fee Related Performance Revenues 
    
   
 123,836 
   
    
   
 169,445 
   
    
   
 101,430 
   
 
   Total Segment Realized Performance Revenues 
    
   
 1,811,771 
   
    
   
 3,647,807 
   
    
   
 1,545,586 
   
 
   Total Segment Realized Principal Investment Income 
    
   
 236,058 
   
    
   
 436,194 
   
    
   
 199,869 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment Revenues 
    
 $ 
 5,208,117 
   
    
 $ 
 7,024,237 
   
    
 $ 
 4,309,878 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (i) 
   This adjustment removes Unrealized Performance Allocations Compensation.  
 
 
 (j) 
   This adjustment removes Equity-Based Compensation on a segment basis.  
 
 
 (k) 
   This adjustment removes Interest Expense, excluding interest expense related to the Tax Receivable Agreement.  
 
 
 (l) 
   Total Segment Expenses is comprised of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Total Segment Fee Related Compensation 
    
 $ 
 1,216,146 
   
    
 $ 
 1,185,639 
   
    
 $ 
 1,054,438 
   
 
   Total Segment Realized Performance Compensation 
    
   
 678,141 
   
    
   
 1,297,611 
   
    
   
 483,257 
   
 
   Total Segment Other Operating Expenses 
    
   
 488,328 
   
    
   
 424,866 
   
    
   
 431,836 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment Expenses 
    
 $ 
 2,382,615 
   
    
 $ 
 2,908,116 
   
    
 $ 
 1,969,531 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Reconciliations of Total Segment Components  
 The following tables reconcile the components of Total Segments to their equivalent GAAP measures, reported on the Consolidated Statement
of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   GAAP 
    
 $ 
 3,027,796 
   
   
 $ 
 2,751,322 
   
   
 $ 
 2,464,290 
   
 
   Segment Adjustment (a) 
    
   
 8,656 
   
   
   
 19,469 
   
   
   
 (1,297 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment 
    
 $ 
 3,036,452 
   
   
 $ 
 2,770,791 
   
   
 $ 
 2,462,993 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
 
   GAAP Realized Performance Revenues to Total Segment Fee Related Performance Revenues 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   GAAP 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
 $ 
 57,540 
   
   
 $ 
 242,514 
   
   
 $ 
 149,928 
   
 
   Investment Income — Realized Performance Allocations 
    
   
 1,876,507 
   
   
   
 3,571,811 
   
   
   
 1,495,439 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   GAAP 
    
   
 1,934,047 
   
   
   
 3,814,325 
   
   
   
 1,645,367 
   
 
   Total Segment 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Less: Realized Performance Revenues 
    
   
 (1,811,771 
 )  
   
   
 (3,647,807 
 )  
   
   
 (1,545,586 
 )  
 
   Segment Adjustment (b) 
    
   
 1,560 
   
   
   
 2,927 
   
   
   
 1,649 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment 
    
 $ 
 123,836 
   
   
 $ 
 169,445 
   
   
 $ 
 101,430 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      217
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   GAAP Compensation to Total Segment Fee Related Compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   GAAP 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
    
 $ 
 1,609,957 
   
   
 $ 
 1,442,485 
   
   
 $ 
 1,335,408 
   
 
   Incentive Fee Compensation 
    
   
 33,916 
   
   
   
 105,279 
   
   
   
 68,921 
   
 
   Realized Performance Allocations Compensation 
    
   
 711,076 
   
   
   
 1,281,965 
   
   
   
 465,129 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   GAAP 
    
   
 2,354,949 
   
   
   
 2,829,729 
   
   
   
 1,869,458 
   
 
   Total Segment 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Less: Realized Performance Compensation 
    
   
 (678,141 
 )  
   
   
 (1,297,611 
 )  
   
   
 (483,257 
 )  
 
   Less: Equity-Based Compensation 
    
   
 (158,220 
 )  
   
   
 (107,110 
 )  
   
   
 (79,571 
 )  
 
   Segment Adjustment (c) 
    
   
 (302,442 
 )  
   
   
 (239,369 
 )  
   
   
 (252,192 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment 
    
 $ 
 1,216,146 
   
   
 $ 
 1,185,639 
   
   
 $ 
 1,054,438 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
 
   GAAP General, Administrative and Other to Total Segment Other Operating Expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   GAAP 
    
 $ 
 594,873 
   
   
 $ 
 488,582 
   
   
 $ 
 541,624 
   
 
   Segment Adjustment (d) 
    
   
 (106,545 
 )  
   
   
 (63,716 
 )  
   
   
 (109,788 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment 
    
 $ 
 488,328 
   
   
 $ 
 424,866 
   
   
 $ 
 431,836 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
 
   Realized Performance Revenues 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   GAAP 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
 $ 
 57,540 
   
   
 $ 
 242,514 
   
   
 $ 
 149,928 
   
 
   Investment Income — Realized Performance Allocations 
    
   
 1,876,507 
   
   
   
 3,571,811 
   
   
   
 1,495,439 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   GAAP 
    
   
 1,934,047 
   
   
   
 3,814,325 
   
   
   
 1,645,367 
   
 
   Total Segment 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Less: Fee Related Performance Revenues 
    
   
 (123,836 
 )  
   
   
 (169,445 
 )  
   
   
 (101,430 
 )  
 
   Segment Adjustment (b) 
    
   
 1,560 
   
   
   
 2,927 
   
   
   
 1,649 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment 
    
 $ 
 1,811,771 
   
   
 $ 
 3,647,807 
   
   
 $ 
 1,545,586 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      218
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Realized Performance Compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   GAAP 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Incentive Fee Compensation 
    
 $ 
 33,916 
   
   
 $ 
 105,279 
   
   
 $ 
 68,921 
   
 
   Realized Performance Allocations Compensation 
    
   
 711,076 
   
   
   
 1,281,965 
   
   
   
 465,129 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   GAAP 
    
   
 744,992 
   
   
   
 1,387,244 
   
   
   
 534,050 
   
 
   Total Segment 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Less: Fee Related Performance Compensation 
    
   
 (53,844 
 )  
   
   
 (75,933 
 )  
   
   
 (44,969 
 )  
 
   Less: Equity-based compensation — Performance Compensation Related 
    
   
 (13,007 
 )  
   
   
 (13,700 
 )  
   
   
 (5,824 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment 
    
 $ 
 678,141 
   
   
 $ 
 1,297,611 
   
   
 $ 
 483,257 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
 
   Realized Principal Investment Income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   GAAP 
    
 $ 
 415,862 
   
   
 $ 
 635,769 
   
   
 $ 
 278,737 
   
 
   Segment Adjustment (e) 
    
   
 (179,804 
 )  
   
   
 (199,575 
 )  
   
   
 (78,868 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment 
    
 $ 
 236,058 
   
   
 $ 
 436,194 
   
   
 $ 
 199,869 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
 
   GAAP Interest and Dividend Revenue net of Interest Expense to Total Segment Net Interest Income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   GAAP 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
    
 $ 
 171,947 
   
   
 $ 
 139,696 
   
   
 $ 
 95,724 
   
 
   Interest Expense 
    
   
 (163,990 
 )  
   
   
 (197,486 
 )  
   
   
 (152,654 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   GAAP 
    
   
 7,957 
   
   
   
 (57,790 
 )  
   
   
 (56,930 
 )  
 
   Segment Adjustment (f) 
    
   
 13,968 
   
   
   
 7,872 
   
   
   
 5,307 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Segment 
    
 $ 
 21,925 
   
   
 $ 
 (49,918 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (51,623 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       Segment
basis presents revenues and expenses on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds Blackstone manages and excludes the amortization of intangibles, the expense of equity-based awards and Transaction-Related Charges.  
 
 
 (a) 
   Represents (1) the add back of net management fees earned from consolidated Blackstone Funds which have been eliminated in consolidation,
and (2) the removal of revenue from the reimbursement of certain expenses by the Blackstone Funds, which are presented gross under GAAP but netted against Other Operating Expenses in the Total Segment measures.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Represents the add back of Performance Revenues earned from consolidated Blackstone Funds which have been eliminated in consolidation.
 
 
 
 (c) 
   Represents the removal of Transaction-Related Charges that are not recorded in the Total Segment measures.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Represents the removal of (1) the amortization of transaction-related intangibles, and (2) certain expenses reimbursed by the
Blackstone Funds, which are presented gross under GAAP but netted against Other Operating Expenses in the Total Segment measures.  
      219
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 
 
 (e) 
   Represents (1) the add back of Principal Investment Income, including general partner income, earned from consolidated Blackstone Funds
which have been eliminated in consolidation, and (2) the removal of amounts associated with the ownership of Blackstone consolidated operating partnerships held by non-controlling interests.  
 
 
 (f) 
   Represents (1) the add back of Other Revenues earned from consolidated Blackstone Funds which have been eliminated in consolidation, and
(2) the removal of interest expense associated with the Tax Receivable Agreement.      
 
 
 20. 
   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS    There have been no events since December 31, 2018 that require recognition or disclosure in the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
   
 
 
 21. 
   QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 31, 2018 (a) 
   
    
 June 30, 2018 (b) 
   
    
 September 30, 2018 
   
    
 December 31, 2018 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,769,131 
   
    
 $ 
 2,632,570 
   
    
 $ 
 1,926,580 
   
    
 $ 
 504,978 
   
 
   Expenses 
    
   
 982,931 
   
    
   
 1,016,381 
   
    
   
 1,017,632 
   
    
   
 495,096 
   
 
   Other Income (Loss) 
    
   
 110,599 
   
    
   
 73,519 
   
    
   
 66,838 
   
    
   
 (59,234 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 896,799 
   
    
 $ 
 1,689,708 
   
    
 $ 
 975,786 
   
    
 $ 
 (49,352 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) 
    
 $ 
 842,304 
   
    
 $ 
 1,550,977 
   
    
 $ 
 948,988 
   
    
 $ 
 (78,718 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
    
 $ 
 367,872 
   
    
 $ 
 742,042 
   
    
 $ 
 442,742 
   
    
 $ 
 (10,868 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) Per Common Unit 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common Units, Basic 
    
 $ 
 0.55 
   
    
 $ 
 1.09 
   
    
 $ 
 0.65 
   
    
 $ 
 (0.02 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Common Units, Diluted 
    
 $ 
 0.53 
   
    
 $ 
 1.09 
   
    
 $ 
 0.64 
   
    
 $ 
 (0.02 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Distributions Declared (c) 
    
 $ 
 0.85 
   
    
 $ 
 0.35 
   
    
 $ 
 0.58 
   
    
 $ 
 0.64 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      220
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 31, 2017 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 September 30, 2017 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 (d) 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,914,718 
   
    
 $ 
 1,535,726 
   
    
 $ 
 1,735,358 
   
    
 $ 
 1,959,213 
   
 
   Expenses 
    
   
 921,773 
   
    
   
 881,193 
   
    
   
 904,511 
   
    
   
 1,044,901 
   
 
   Other Income 
    
   
 66,132 
   
    
   
 110,054 
   
    
   
 63,448 
   
    
   
 485,818 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 1,059,077 
   
    
 $ 
 764,587 
   
    
 $ 
 894,295 
   
    
 $ 
 1,400,130 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income 
    
 $ 
 1,001,640 
   
    
 $ 
 734,979 
   
    
 $ 
 834,783 
   
    
 $ 
 803,540 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
    
 $ 
 451,909 
   
    
 $ 
 337,407 
   
    
 $ 
 377,920 
   
    
 $ 
 304,138 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Per Common Unit 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common Units, Basic 
    
 $ 
 0.68 
   
    
 $ 
 0.51 
   
    
 $ 
 0.57 
   
    
 $ 
 0.45 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Common Units, Diluted 
    
 $ 
 0.68 
   
    
 $ 
 0.50 
   
    
 $ 
 0.55 
   
    
 $ 
 0.45 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Distributions Declared (c) 
    
 $ 
 0.47 
   
    
 $ 
 0.87 
   
    
 $ 
 0.54 
   
    
 $ 
 0.44 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Effective January 1, 2018, Blackstone adopted new GAAP guidance on revenue recognition and implemented a change in accounting principal
related to carried interest and incentive allocations, which are now accounted for under the GAAP guidance for equity method investments and are presented within Investment Income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. All historical results
presented have been recast to reflect these changes. A complete description of the changes can be found in Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Recent Accounting Developments”  
 
 
 (b) 
   For the three months ended June 30, 2018, Revenues included $580.9 million of Transaction-Related Charges recorded in Other
Revenues received upon the conclusion of Blackstone’s investment sub-advisory relationship with FS Investments’ funds.  
 
 
 (c) 
   Distributions declared reflects the calendar date of the declaration of each distribution.  
 
 
 (d) 
   The Tax Reform Bill enacted in the three months ended December 31, 2017 resulted in a reduction to the liability under the Tax Receivable
Agreement of $403.9 million which is included in Other Income and a decrease in the deferred tax assets of $500.6 million which is a component of the Provision for Taxes. See Note 14. “Income Taxes”.  
      221
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 ITEM 8A. 
   UNAUDITED SUPPLEMENTAL PRESENTATION OF STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  
 THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.    Unaudited Consolidating Statements of Financial Condition    (Dollars in
Thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 December 31, 2018 
   
 
   
    
 Consolidated Operating Partnerships 
   
   
 Consolidated Blackstone Funds (a) 
   
    
 Reclasses and Eliminations 
   
   
 Consolidated 
   
 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
 $ 
 2,207,841 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 2,207,841 
   
 
   Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 337,320 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 337,320 
   
 
   Investments 
    
   
 12,596,138 
   
   
   
 8,376,338 
   
    
   
 (595,445 
 )  
   
   
 20,377,031 
   
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 455,308 
   
   
   
 180,930 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 636,238 
   
 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
   
 2,011,324 
   
   
   
 7,405 
   
    
   
 (24,606 
 )  
   
   
 1,994,123 
   
 
   Intangible Assets, Net 
    
   
 468,507 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 468,507 
   
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 1,869,860 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,869,860 
   
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 290,366 
   
   
   
 3,882 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 294,248 
   
 
   Deferred Tax Assets 
    
   
 739,482 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 739,482 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 20,638,826 
   
   
 $ 
 8,905,875 
   
    
 $ 
 (620,051 
 )  
   
 $ 
 28,924,650 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Loans Payable 
    
 $ 
 3,471,151 
   
   
 $ 
 6,480,711 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 9,951,862 
   
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 907,748 
   
   
   
 470,780 
   
    
   
 (342,752 
 )  
   
   
 1,035,776 
   
 
   Accrued Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 2,942,128 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,942,128 
   
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
    
   
 50,014 
   
   
   
 92,603 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 142,617 
   
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 222,202 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 222,202 
   
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
   
 622,490 
   
   
   
 253,489 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 875,979 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
   
 7,993,531 
   
   
   
 7,519,785 
   
    
   
 (342,752 
 )  
   
   
 15,170,564 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Redeemable  Non-Controlling  Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 22,000 
   
   
   
 119,779 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 141,779 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 6,415,700 
   
   
   
 277,299 
   
    
   
 (277,299 
 )  
   
   
 6,415,700 
   
 
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 (36,476 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (36,476 
 )  
 
   Non-Controlling  Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 2,659,754 
   
   
   
 989,012 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,648,766 
   
 
   Non-Controlling  Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
    
   
 3,584,317 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,584,317 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 12,623,295 
   
   
   
 1,266,311 
   
    
   
 (277,299 
 )  
   
   
 13,612,307 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
    
 $ 
 20,638,826 
   
   
 $ 
 8,905,875 
   
    
 $ 
 (620,051 
 )  
   
 $ 
 28,924,650 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      222
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Unaudited Consolidating Statements of Financial Condition    (Dollars in Thousands)  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   
 
   
    
 Consolidated Operating Partnerships 
   
   
 Consolidated Blackstone Funds (a) 
   
    
 Reclasses and Eliminations 
   
   
 Consolidated 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
 $ 
 1,992,497 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 1,992,497 
   
 
   Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other 
    
   
 345,668 
   
   
   
 1,583,863 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,929,531 
   
 
   Investments 
    
   
 12,087,525 
   
   
   
 13,093,670 
   
    
   
 (747,146 
 )  
   
   
 24,434,049 
   
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 404,071 
   
   
   
 470,947 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 875,018 
   
 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
   
 2,009,866 
   
   
   
 47,325 
   
    
   
 (29,054 
 )  
   
   
 2,028,137 
   
 
   Intangible Assets, Net 
    
   
 409,828 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 409,828 
   
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 1,778,192 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,778,192 
   
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 234,603 
   
   
   
 8,094 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 242,697 
   
 
   Deferred Tax Assets 
    
   
 725,970 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 725,970 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 19,988,220 
   
   
 $ 
 15,203,899 
   
    
 $ 
 (776,200 
 )  
   
 $ 
 34,415,919 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Loans Payable 
    
 $ 
 3,514,815 
   
   
 $ 
 11,300,621 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 14,815,436 
   
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 852,123 
   
   
   
 339,138 
   
    
   
 (254,103 
 )  
   
   
 937,158 
   
 
   Accrued Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 2,623,492 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,623,492 
   
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
    
   
 64,473 
   
   
   
 89,907 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 154,380 
   
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 118,840 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 118,840 
   
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
   
 477,615 
   
   
   
 1,565,907 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,043,522 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
   
 7,532,518 
   
   
   
 13,414,413 
   
    
   
 (254,103 
 )  
   
   
 20,692,828 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Redeemable  Non-Controlling  Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 22,000 
   
   
   
 188,944 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 210,944 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 6,669,327 
   
   
   
 378,030 
   
    
   
 (378,846 
 )  
   
   
 6,668,511 
   
 
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
    
   
 (34,836 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 818 
   
   
   
 (34,018 
 )  
 
   Non-Controlling  Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 2,174,705 
   
   
   
 1,222,512 
   
    
   
 (144,069 
 )  
   
   
 3,253,148 
   
 
   Non-Controlling  Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
    
   
 3,624,506 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,624,506 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 12,433,702 
   
   
   
 1,600,542 
   
    
   
 (522,097 
 )  
   
   
 13,512,147 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
    
 $ 
 19,988,220 
   
   
 $ 
 15,203,899 
   
    
 $ 
 (776,200 
 )  
   
 $ 
 34,415,919 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   The Consolidated Blackstone Funds consisted of the following:  
 Blackstone / GSO Global Dynamic Credit Feeder Fund (Cayman) LP    Blackstone / GSO Global Dynamic Credit Funding Designated Activity Company  
 Blackstone / GSO Global Dynamic Credit Master Fund    Blackstone / GSO Global Dynamic Credit USD Feeder Fund (Ireland)    Blackstone / GSO
Loan Financing Limited*    Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI.C — ESH L.P.*  
 Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Fund L.P.    Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Offshore Fund Ltd.    Blackstone Strategic
Alliance Fund L.P.    BSSF I AIV L.P.  
      223
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  BTD CP Holdings LP  
 Collateralized loan obligation vehicles    GSO Legacy Associates 2 LLC*    GSO Legacy Associates LLC*  
 Mezzanine  side-by-side  investment vehicles  
 Private equity  side-by-side  investment vehicles
   Real estate  side-by-side  investment vehicles
     
 
 
 * 
   Consolidated as of December 31, 2017 only.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 9. 
   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
 None.      
 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    We maintain “disclosure controls and procedures,” as such term is defined in Rules  13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e)  under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and
procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all
potential future conditions. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired objectives.    Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule
 13a-15  under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the
period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule  13a-15(e)  under the Exchange Act) are effective at the reasonable assurance level to accomplish their objectives of
ensuring that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
 No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a — 15(f) and 15d — 15(f) under
the Exchange Act) occurred during our most recent quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.    Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
 Management of The Blackstone Group L.P. and subsidiaries (“Blackstone”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of its consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  
      224
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and
procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Blackstone’s assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements.    Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.    Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 based on the framework established in  Internal
Control — Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2018 was effective.    Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm,
has audited Blackstone’s financial statements included in this report on Form  10-K  and issued its report on the effectiveness of Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018, which is included herein.      
 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
   OTHER INFORMATION    None.  
      225
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART III.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 10. 
   DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE    Directors and Executive Officers of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.    The
directors and executive officers of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. as of the date of this filing, are:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
   Age 
   
    
   Position 


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
   
 72 
   
    
 Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
   Jonathan D. Gray 
    
   
 49 
   
    
 President, Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
   Hamilton E. James 
    
   
 68 
   
    
 Executive Vice Chairman and Director 
 
   Bennett J. Goodman 
    
   
 61 
   
    
 Co-Founder  of GSO Capital Partners and Director 
 
   Michael S. Chae 
    
   
 50 
   
    
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
   John G. Finley 
    
   
 62 
   
    
 Chief Legal Officer 
 
   Joan Solotar 
    
   
 54 
   
    
 Senior Managing Director — Head of Private Wealth Solutions and External Relations 
 
   James W. Breyer 
    
   
 57 
   
    
 Director 
 
   Sir John Antony Hood 
    
   
 67 
   
    
 Director 
 
   Rochelle B. Lazarus 
    
   
 71 
   
    
 Director 
 
   Jay O. Light 
    
   
 77 
   
    
 Director 
 
   The Right Honorable Brian Mulroney 
    
   
 79 
   
    
 Director 
 
   William G. Parrett 
    
   
 73 
   
    
 Director 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman  is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Blackstone and the
Chairman of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Schwarzman was elected Chairman of the board of directors of our general partner effective March 20, 2007. He also sits on the firm’s Management Committee. Mr. Schwarzman is a
founder of Blackstone and has been involved in all phases of the firm’s development since its founding in 1985. Mr. Schwarzman began his career at Lehman Brothers, where he was elected Managing Director in 1978. He was engaged principally
in the firm’s mergers and acquisitions business from 1977 to 1984, and served as Chairman of the firm’s Mergers & Acquisitions Committee in 1983 and 1984. Mr. Schwarzman is an active philanthropist with a history of supporting
education, as well as culture and the arts, among other things. In both business and philanthropy, Mr. Schwarzman has dedicated himself to tackling big problems with transformative solutions. In October 2018, he announced a foundational $350 million
gift to establish the MIT Schwarzman College of Computing, an interdisciplinary hub which will reorient MIT to address the opportunities and challenges presented by the rise of artificial intelligence, including critical ethical and policy
considerations to ensure that the technologies are employed for the common good. In 2015, Mr. Schwarzman donated $150 million to Yale University to establish the Schwarzman Center, a  first-of-its-kind  campus center in Yale’s historic “Commons” building, and also gave a founding gift of $40 million to the Inner-City Scholarship Fund, which provides tuition assistance
to underprivileged children attending Catholic schools in the Archdiocese of New York. In 2013, he founded an international scholarship program, Schwarzman Scholars, at Tsinghua University in Beijing to educate future leaders about China. At over
$575 million, the program is modeled on the Rhodes Scholarship and is the single largest philanthropic effort in China’s history coming largely from international donors. Mr. Schwarzman currently maintains his position as  Co-Chair  of the Board of Trustees of Schwarzman Scholars. In 2007, Mr. Schwarzman donated $100 million to the New York Public Library on whose board he serves. Mr. Schwarzman is a member of The Council on
Foreign Relations, The Business Council, The Business Roundtable, and The International Business Council of the World Economic Forum. He is the former  co-chair  of the Partnership for New York City and serves
on the boards of The Asia Society and New York Presbyterian Hospital, as well as on The Advisory Board of the School of Economics and Management at Tsinghua University, Beijing. He is a Trustee of The Frick Collection in New York City and Chairman
Emeritus of the board of directors of The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. In 2007, Mr. Schwarzman was included in TIME’s “100 Most Influential People.” In 2016, he topped Forbes Magazine’s list of the most
influential people in finance and in 2018 was ranked in the Top 50 on Forbes’ list of the “World’s Most Powerful People”. The Republic of France has awarded  
      226
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
Mr. Schwarzman both the Légion d’Honneur and the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres at the Commandeur level. Mr. Schwarzman is one of the only Americans to receive both awards
recognizing significant contributions to France. He is also the former Chairman of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum, which was charged with providing direct input to the President of the United States from business leaders through a  non-partisan,   non-bureaucratic  exchange of ideas. Mr. Schwarzman holds a BA from Yale University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. He has served as an adjunct
professor at the Yale School of Management and on the Harvard Business School Board of Dean’s Advisors.    Jonathan
D. Gray  is President and Chief Operating Officer of Blackstone and a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Gray was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective February 24, 2012. He
also sits on the firm’s Management Committee and previously served as Global Head of Real Estate. Since joining Blackstone in 1992, Mr. Gray has helped build the largest real estate platform in the world. Mr. Gray currently serves as
Chairman of the board of directors of Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. and Nevada Property 1 LLC (The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas). Mr. Gray also previously served as a board member of Invitation Homes Inc., Brixmor Property Group Inc. and La
Quinta Holdings Inc. He also serves on the board of Harlem Village Academies and Trinity School. Mr. Gray and his wife, Mindy, established the Basser Center for BRCA at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine focused on the prevention
and treatment of certain genetically caused cancers. They also established NYC Kids RISE in partnership with the City of New York to accelerate college savings for low income children. Mr. Gray received a BS in Economics from the Wharton
School, as well as a BA in English from the College of Arts and Sciences at the University of Pennsylvania.    Hamilton E.
James  is Executive Vice Chairman of Blackstone and a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. James was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective March 20, 2007. He is also a member of
Blackstone’s Management Committee and previously served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Blackstone. Prior to joining Blackstone in 2002, Mr. James was Chairman of Global Investment Banking and Private Equity at Credit Suisse
First Boston and a member of its executive board. Prior to the acquisition of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, Inc. (“DLJ”) by Credit Suisse First Boston in 2000, Mr. James was the Chairman of DLJ’s Banking Group,
responsible for all the firm’s investment banking and merchant banking activities. Mr. James joined DLJ in 1975 as an Investment Banking associate. He became head of DLJ’s global mergers and acquisitions group in 1982, founded DLJ
Merchant Banking, Inc. in 1985, and was named Chairman of the Banking Group in 1995. Mr. James is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Costco Wholesale Corporation, a member of the Board of Directors of Digital Asset Holdings, and has
served on a number of other corporate boards. Mr. James is Chairman of the Finance Committee of The Metropolitan Museum of Art, a member of The Boards of Trustees of Mount Sinai Health System, a member of the Center for American Progress Board
of Trustees, Vice Chairman of Trout Unlimited’s Coldwater Conservation Fund, Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Wildlife Conservation Society, an Advisory Board Member of The Montana Land Reliance, an Advisory Council member of the
Monetary Authority of Singapore, Chairman of the Education Finance Institute, an Advisory Board member of the Max S. Baucus Institute at the University of Montana and Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Trustees of the American Ballet Theatre. He is
also a former member of the President’s Export Council and a former Commissioner of The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. In 2018, Mr. James  co-authored  the second edition of  Rescuing
Retirement , a book proposing a solution to America’s looming retirement crisis. The first edition was published in 2016. Mr. James has also published articles in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Financial Times, The Harvard
Business Review and other major publications. Mr. James graduated magna cum laude with a BA from Harvard College in 1973 and was a John Harvard Scholar. He earned an MBA with high distinction from the Harvard Business School and graduated as a
Baker Scholar in 1975.    Bennett J. Goodman  is  a Co-Founder of 
GSO and a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Goodman was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective February 24, 2015. He also sits on the firm’s Management Committee. Since joining
Blackstone in 2008, Mr. Goodman has focused on the management of GSO, which is Blackstone’s credit investment platform with assets under management in various direct lending strategies, leveraged loan vehicles and distressed investment
funds.  Before co-founding GSO  in 2005, Mr. Goodman was the Managing Partner of the Alternative Capital Division of Credit Suisse. Mr. Goodman joined
 
      227
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
Credit Suisse in November 2000 when it acquired DLJ where he was Global Head of Leveraged Finance. Mr. Goodman joined DLJ in February of 1988 as the founder of the High Yield Capital Markets
Group. Prior to joining DLJ, Mr. Goodman worked in the high yield business at Drexel Burnham Lambert from 1984 to 1988. Mr. Goodman is currently on the board of directors of Lincoln Center and the Central Park Conservancy. Mr. Goodman
received Institutional Investor’s 2012 Money Manager of The Year Award and the 2004 Lifetime Achievement Award from Euromoney Magazine for his career achievements in the global capital markets. He graduated from Lafayette College and the
Harvard Business School.    Michael S. Chae  is Blackstone’s Chief Financial Officer and a member of the
firm’s Management Committee. Mr. Chae has management responsibility over the firm’s global finance, treasury, technology and corporate development functions. Since joining Blackstone in 1997, Mr. Chae has served in a broad range
of leadership roles including Head of International Private Equity, from 2012 through 2015, Head of Private Equity for Asia/Pacific, from 2011 through 2015, and overseeing Private Equity investments in various sectors and the investment process for
Tactical Opportunities. Mr. Chae led or was involved in numerous Blackstone investments over that time period. Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Chae worked at The Carlyle Group, L.P. and prior to that at Dillon, Read & Co. He has
served on numerous boards of private and publicly traded portfolio companies and is President of the Board of Trustees of the Lawrenceville School. He is also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Board of Trustees of the Asia Society
and the St. Bernard’s School. Mr. Chae received an AB from Harvard College, an MPhil. in International Relations from Cambridge University and a JD from Yale Law School.  
 John G. Finley  is a Senior Managing Director and Chief Legal Officer of Blackstone and a member of the firm’s
Management Committee. Before joining Blackstone in 2010, Mr. Finley had been a partner with Simpson Thacher & Bartlett for 22 years where he was a member of that law firm’s Executive Committee and Co-Head of Global
Mergers & Acquisitions. Mr. Finley is a member of the Advisory Board of the Harvard Law School Program on Corporate Governance, the National Advisory Board of the Netter Center for Community Partnerships of the University of
Pennsylvania and the Board of Advisors of the University of Pennsylvania Institute of Law and Economics. He is also a guest lecturer at Harvard Law School. He has served on the Committee of Securities Regulation of the New York State Bar
Association, the Board of Advisors of the Knight-Bagehot Fellowship in Economics and Business Journalism at Columbia University and as a Trustee of the Jewish Board of Family and Children Services. He has also served as Chairman of the Annual
International Mergers & Acquisitions Conference of the International Bar Association. Mr. Finley received a BS in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, a BA in History from the College of Arts and
Sciences of the University of Pennsylvania, and a JD from Harvard Law School.    Joan Solotar  is a Senior Managing
Director, Head of Private Wealth Solutions and External Relations and a member of the firm’s Management Committee. Ms. Solotar oversees the firm’s Private Wealth Solutions business, which delivers solutions to institutional and high
net worth clients. Additionally, she manages global shareholder relations and public affairs. Before joining Blackstone in 2007, Ms. Solotar was with Bank of America Securities where she was a Managing Director and Head of Equity Research.
Prior to joining Bank of America, she was a consistently highly ranked Institutional Investor  “All-American  Research Team” financial services analyst at DLJ and Credit Suisse First Boston as a
Managing Director. Ms. Solotar chairs the board of directors of Blackstone’s Charitable Foundation and is Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the East Harlem Tutorial Program and the East Harlem Scholars Academies. She is the author of a
Harvard Business Review article entitled “Truths for our Daughters,” as well as “Truths from my Daughter.” Ms. Solotar received a BS in Management Information Systems at the State University of New York at Albany and an MBA
in Finance at New York University.    James W. Breyer  is a member of the board of directors of our general
partner. Mr. Breyer was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective July 14, 2016. Mr. Breyer is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Breyer Capital, a global venture capital firm based in Menlo Park,
California. Mr. Breyer has been an investor in over 40 consumer internet/technology companies that have completed successful public offerings or mergers. He served as Partner at Accel Partners from 1990 to 2016 and Managing Partner from 1995 to
2011. Mr. Breyer also has a long record of investing in China and partnering with Chinese entrepreneurs, including  
      228
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
through Breyer Capital’s partnership with IDG Capital, a technology venture capital firm based in Beijing, where Mr. Breyer currently plays the leading outside strategy advisory role.
Mr. Breyer currently serves on the board of directors of Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. and previously served on the board of directors of Facebook, Inc. from 2005 to 2013, Etsy, Inc. from 2008 to 2016, Dell, Inc. from 2009 to 2013, and  Wal-Mart  Stores, Inc. from 2001 to 2013, as well as a number of other prominent technology and media companies. Mr. Breyer has been ranked #1 on Forbes’ Midas List of top technology investors multiple
times and is former Chairman of the National Venture Capital Association and former President of the Western Association of Venture Capitalists. Mr. Breyer is a fellow of Harvard Corporation, a member of Harvard Business School’s Board of
Dean’s Advisors and Harvard University’s Global Advisory Council, a founding member of the Dean’s Advisory Board of Stanford University’s School of Engineering and Chairman of the Advisory Board of the Tsinghua University School
of Economics and Management in Beijing. Mr. Breyer is also a Trustee of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the American Film Institute, and is actively involved in the Environmental Defense Fund and
Stanford’s Center for Philanthropy and Civil Society.    Sir John Antony Hood  is a member of the board of
directors of our general partner. Sir John was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective May 14, 2018. Sir John is the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Robertson Foundation and Chair of the Rhodes Trust. He
also serves as a director of WPP plc, Aurora Energy Research and Study Group Limited, and as Chairman of BMT Group. In addition, Sir John serves on the boards of the Fletcher Trust, the Mandela Rhodes Foundation and the Said Business School
Foundation, and on the advisory board for the African Leadership Academy. From 2004 to 2009, Sir John served as Vice-Chancellor of the University of Oxford, and from 1999 to 2004, he served as Vice-Chancellor of The University of Auckland. Sir John
earned a Bachelor of Engineering and a PhD in Civil Engineering from The University of Auckland. Upon completing his doctorate, he was awarded a Rhodes Scholarship to study at the University of Oxford. There he read for an MPhil in Management
Studies and was a member of Worcester College. Sir John has been appointed a Knight Companion to the New Zealand Order of Merit.    Rochelle B. Lazarus  is a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Ms. Lazarus was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective July 9, 2013.
Ms. Lazarus is Chairman Emeritus of Ogilvy & Mather and served as Chairman of that company from 1997 to June 2012. Prior to becoming Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, she also served as president of O&M Direct North America,
Ogilvy & Mather New York, and Ogilvy & Mather North America. Ms. Lazarus currently serves on the boards of Merck & Co., Inc., the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), World Wildlife Fund, Lincoln Center
for the Performing Arts and the Partnership for New York City. She also previously served on the board of General Electric Company. Ms. Lazarus is a trustee of the New York Presbyterian Hospital and is a member of the Board of Overseers of
Columbia Business School. She is also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and The Women’s Forum, Inc.    Jay
O. Light  is a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Light was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective September 18, 2008. Mr. Light is the Dean Emeritus of Harvard Business
School and the George F. Baker Professor of Administration Emeritus. Prior to that, Mr. Light was the Dean of Harvard Business School from 2006 to 2010. Before becoming the Dean of Harvard Business School, Mr. Light was Senior Associate
Dean, Chairman of the Finance Area, and a professor teaching Investment Management, Capital Markets, and Entrepreneurial Finance for 30 years. Mr. Light is a member of the board of advisors of several private firms. Mr. Light was also
previously the lead director of the board of directors of HCA Holdings, Inc., a director of the Harvard Management Company and a director of Partners HealthCare (the Mass General and Brigham & Women’s Hospitals), where he served as
chairman of its Investment Committee until 2015. In prior years until 2008, Mr. Light was a Trustee of the GMO Trusts, a family of mutual funds for institutional investors.  
 The Right Honorable Brian Mulroney  is a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Mulroney was
elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective June 21, 2007. Mr. Mulroney is a senior partner and international business consultant for the Montreal law firm, Norton Rose Canada LLP. Prior to joining Norton Rose
Canada, Mr. Mulroney was the eighteenth Prime Minister of Canada from 1984 to 1993 and  
      229
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada from 1983 to 1993. He served as the Executive Vice President of the Iron Ore Company of Canada and President beginning in 1977. Prior to
that, Mr. Mulroney served on the Cliché Commission of Inquiry in 1974. Mr. Mulroney is a Senior Advisor of Global Affairs at Barrick Gold Corporation, where he previously served as a member of the board of directors, and is the
Chairman of their International Advisory Board. Mr. Mulroney is also Chairman of the board of directors of Quebecor Inc. and a member of the board of directors of Wyndham Worldwide Corporation. In prior years until 2009, Mr. Mulroney was a
member of the board of directors of Archer Daniels Midland Company and Quebecor World Inc.    William G. Parrett 
is a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Parrett was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective November 9, 2007. Until May 31, 2007, Mr. Parrett served as the Chief Executive
Officer of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. Certain of the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu or their subsidiaries and affiliates provide professional services to Blackstone or its affiliates. Mr. Parrett
 co-founded  the Global Financial Services Industry practice of Deloitte and served as its first Chairman. Mr. Parrett is a member of the board of directors of Oracle Corporation, where he is a member of
the finance and audit committee, and Eastman Kodak Company, where he chairs the audit committee. Mr. Parrett was also previously a member of the board of directors of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. and UBS AG. Mr. Parrett is Chairman of the
board of directors of Conduent Inc., where he is a member of the governance and compensation committees. Mr. Parrett is a Senior Trustee of the United States Council for International Business and a past Chairman of the Board of Trustees of
United Way Worldwide. Mr. Parrett is a Certified Public Accountant with an active license.    Board Composition  
 Our general partner seeks to ensure that the board of directors of our general partner is composed of members whose particular experience,
qualifications, attributes and skills, when taken together, will allow the board to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively. In identifying candidates for membership on the board of directors of our general partner, Mr. Schwarzman
takes into account (a) minimum individual qualifications, such as strength of character, mature judgment, industry knowledge or experience and an ability to work collegially with the other members of the board of directors, and (b) all
other factors he considers appropriate.    After conducting an initial evaluation of a candidate, Mr. Schwarzman will
interview that candidate if he believes the candidate might be suitable to be a director and may also ask the candidate to meet with other directors and senior management. If, following such interview and any consultations with senior management,
Mr. Schwarzman believes a candidate would be a valuable addition to the board of directors, he will appoint that individual to the board of directors of our general partner.  
 When considering whether the board’s directors have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, taken as a whole, to
enable the board to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of the Partnership’s business and structure, Mr. Schwarzman focused on the information described in each of the board members’ biographical information
set forth above. In particular, with regard to Mr. Breyer, Mr. Schwarzman considered his extensive financial background and significant investment experience at Breyer Capital and Accel Partners. With regard to Sir John,
Mr. Schwarzman considered his distinguished experience playing a key role in the management and oversight of leading, complex institutions and philanthropic organizations around the world. With regard to Ms. Lazarus, Mr. Schwarzman
considered her extensive business background and her management experience in a variety of senior leadership roles at Ogilvy & Mather. With regard to Mr. Light, Mr. Schwarzman considered his distinguished career as a professor and
dean at Harvard Business School with extensive knowledge and expertise of the investment management and capital markets industries. With regard to Mr. Mulroney, Mr. Schwarzman considered his distinguished career of government service,
especially his service as the Prime Minister of Canada. With regard to Mr. Parrett, Mr. Schwarzman considered his significant experience, expertise and background with regard to auditing and accounting matters, his leadership role at
Deloitte and his extensive experience serving as a director on boards of directors. With regard to Messrs. Gray, James and Goodman, Mr. Schwarzman considered their leadership and extensive knowledge of our business and operations gained through
their years of service at our firm and with regard to himself, Mr. Schwarzman considered his role as founder and long-time chief executive officer of our firm.  
      230
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Partnership Management and Governance  
 Our general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., manages all of our operations and activities. Our general partner is authorized
in general to perform all acts that it determines to be necessary or appropriate to carry out our purposes and to conduct our business. Our partnership agreement provides that our general partner in managing our operations and activities is entitled
to consider only such interests and factors as it desires, including its own interests, and will have no duty or obligation (fiduciary or otherwise) to give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting us or any limited partners, and
will not be subject to any different standards imposed by the partnership agreement, the Delaware Limited Partnership Act or under any other law, rule or regulation or in equity. Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. is wholly owned by our senior
managing directors and controlled by our founder, Mr. Schwarzman. Our common unitholders have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business and therefore have limited ability to influence management’s decisions regarding our
business. The voting rights of our common unitholders are limited as set forth in our partnership agreement and in the Delaware Limited Partnership Act.    Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. does not receive any compensation from us for services rendered to us as our general partner. Our general partner is reimbursed by us for all expenses it incurs in
carrying out its activities as general partner of the Partnership, including compensation paid by the general partner to its directors and the cost of directors and officers liability insurance obtained by the general partner.  
 The limited liability company agreement of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. establishes a board of directors that is responsible for
the oversight of our business and operations. Our general partner’s board of directors is elected in accordance with its limited liability company agreement, where our senior managing directors have agreed that our founder, Mr. Schwarzman
will have the power to appoint and remove the directors of our general partner. The limited liability company agreement of our general partner provides that at such time as Mr. Schwarzman should cease to be a founding member, Jonathan D. Gray
will thereupon succeed Mr. Schwarzman as the sole founding member of our general partner, and thereafter such power will revert to the members of our general partner holding a majority in interest in our general partner. We refer to the board
of directors of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. as the “board of directors of our general partner.” The board of directors of our general partner has a total of ten members, including six members who are not officers or employees, and
are otherwise independent, of Blackstone and its affiliates, including our general partner.    The board of directors of our
general partner has three standing committees: the audit committee, the conflicts committee and the executive committee.  
 Audit Committee . The audit committee consists of Messrs. Parrett (Chairman), Breyer, Hood and Light and Ms. Lazarus.
The purpose of the audit committee is, among other things, to assist the board of directors of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. in fulfilling its responsibility with respect to its oversight of (a) the quality and integrity of our financial
statements, (b) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (c) our independent auditor’s qualification, independence and performance, and (d) the performance of our internal audit function. The audit committee’s
responsibilities also include reviewing with management, the independent auditors and internal audit, the areas of material risk to our operations and financial results, including major financial risks and exposures and our guidelines and policies
with respect to risk assessment and risk management. The members of the audit committee meet the independence standards and financial literacy requirements for service on an audit committee of a board of directors pursuant to the New York Stock
Exchange listing standards and SEC rules applicable to audit committees. The board of directors of our general partner has determined that Mr. Parrett is an “audit committee financial expert” within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of
Regulation  S-K.  The audit committee has a charter, which is available on our website at http://ir.blackstone.com under “Corporate Governance.”  
 Conflicts Committee . The conflicts committee consists of Messrs. Parrett (Chairman), Breyer, Hood and Light and
Ms. Lazarus. The conflicts committee reviews specific matters that our general partner’s board of directors believes may involve conflicts of interest. The conflicts committee determines if the resolution of any conflict of
 
      231
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
interest submitted to it is fair and reasonable to the Partnership. Any matters approved by the conflicts committee are conclusively deemed to be fair and reasonable to us and not a breach by us
of any duties we may owe to our common unitholders. In addition, the conflicts committee may review and approve any related person transactions, other than those that are approved pursuant to our related person policy, as described under
“—Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence,” and may establish guidelines or rules to cover specific categories of transactions. The members of the conflicts committee meet the
independence standards for service on an audit committee of a board of directors pursuant to federal and New York Stock Exchange rules relating to corporate governance matters.  
 Executive Committee . The executive committee of the board of directors of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. consists of
Messrs. Schwarzman, Gray, James and Goodman. The board of directors has delegated all of the power and authority of the full board of directors to the executive committee to act when the board of directors is not in session.  
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics    We have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and a Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals, which apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting
officer. Each of these codes is available on our website at http://ir.blackstone.com under “Corporate Governance.” We intend to disclose any amendment to or waiver of the Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals and any waiver of our
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on behalf of an executive officer or director either on our website or in an  8-K  filing.    Corporate Governance Guidelines    The board of directors of our general
partner has a governance policy, which addresses matters such as the board of directors’ responsibilities and duties and the board of directors’ composition and compensation. The governance policy is available on our website at
http://ir.blackstone.com under “Corporate Governance.”    Communications to the Board of Directors  
 The  non-management  members of our general partner’s board of directors meet at least
quarterly. The presiding director at these  non-management  board member meetings is Mr. Parrett. All interested parties, including any employee or unitholder, may send communications to the  non-management  members of our general partner’s board of directors by writing to: The Blackstone Group L.P., Attn: Audit Committee, 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154.  
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance    Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires the executive officers and directors of our general partner, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class
of the Partnership’s equity securities to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the SEC and furnish the Partnership with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To our knowledge, based solely on
our review of the copies of such reports furnished to us or written representations from such persons that they were not required to file a Form 5 to report previously unreported ownership or changes in ownership, we believe that, with respect to
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, such persons complied with all such filing requirements.      
 
 
 ITEM 11. 
   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION    Compensation Discussion and Analysis    Overview of Compensation Philosophy and Program
   The intellectual capital collectively possessed by our senior managing directors (including our named executive
officers) and other employees is the most important asset of our firm. We invest in people. We hire qualified people, train them, encourage them to provide their best thinking to the firm for the benefit of the investors in the funds we
 
      232
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
manage, and compensate them in a manner designed to retain and motivate them and align their interests with those of the investors in our funds.  
 Our overriding compensation philosophy for our senior managing directors and certain other employees is that compensation should be
composed primarily of (a) annual cash bonus payments tied to the performance of the applicable business unit(s) in which such employee works, (b) performance interests (composed primarily of Performance Allocations, commonly referred to as
carried interest, and incentive fee interests) tied to the performance of the investments made by the funds in the business unit in which such employee works or for which he or she has responsibility, (c) deferred equity awards reflecting the
value of our common units, and (d) additional cash payments and equity awards tied to extraordinary performance of such employee or other circumstances (for example, if there has been a change of role or responsibility). We believe base salary
should represent a significantly lesser component of total compensation. We believe the appropriate combination of annual cash bonus payments and performance interests or deferred equity awards encourages our senior managing directors and other
employees to focus on the underlying performance of our investment funds, as well as the overall performance of the firm and interests of our common unitholders. To that end, the primary form of compensation to our senior managing directors and
other employees who work in our carry fund operations is generally a combination of annual cash bonus payments related to the performance of those carry fund operations, carried interest or incentive fee interests and, in specified cases, deferred
equity awards. Along the same lines, the primary form of compensation to our senior managing directors and other employees who do not work in our carry fund operations is generally a combination of annual cash bonus payments tied to the performance
of the applicable business unit in which such employee works and deferred equity awards.    Employees at higher total
compensation levels are generally targeted to receive a greater percentage of their total compensation payable in annual cash bonuses, participation in performance interests, and deferred equity awards and a lesser percentage in the form of base
salary compared to employees who are paid less. We believe that the proportion of compensation that is “at risk” should increase as an employee’s level of responsibility rises.  
 Our compensation program includes significant elements that discourage excessive risk taking and aligns the compensation of our employees
with the long-term performance of the firm. For example, notwithstanding the fact that for accounting purposes we accrue compensation for the Performance Plans (as defined below) related to our carry funds as increases in the carrying value of the
portfolio investments are recorded in those carry funds, we only make cash payments to our employees related to carried interest when profitable investments have been realized and cash is distributed first to the investors in our funds, followed by
the firm and only then to employees of the firm. Moreover, if a carry fund fails to achieve specified investment returns due to diminished performance of later investments, our Performance Plans entitle us to “clawback” carried interest
payments previously made to an employee for the benefit of the limited partner investors in that fund, and we escrow a portion of all carried interest payments made to employees to help fund their potential future “clawback” obligations,
all of which further discourages excessive risk-taking by our employees. Similarly, for our investment funds that pay incentive fees, those incentive fees are only paid to the firm and employees of the firm to the extent an applicable fund’s
portfolio of investments has profitably appreciated in value (in most cases above a specified level) during the applicable period. In addition, and as noted below with respect to our named executive officers, the requirement that we have our
professional employees invest in certain of the funds they manage directly aligns the interests of our professionals and our investors. In most cases, these investments represent a significant percentage of employees’  after-tax  compensation. Lastly, because our equity awards have significant vesting or deferral provisions, the actual amount of compensation realized by the recipient will be tied directly to the long-term
performance of our common units. In addition, in applicable jurisdictions, specifically in the European Union, our compensation program includes additional remuneration policies that may limit or otherwise alter the compensation for certain
employees consistent with local regulatory requirements and aimed at, among other things, discouraging inappropriate risk taking and aligning compensation with the firm’s strategy and long-term interests consistent with our general compensation
program.    We believe our current compensation and benefit allocations for senior professionals are best in class and are
consistent with companies in the alternative asset management industry. We do not generally rely on compensation surveys or compensation consultants. Our senior management periodically reviews the effectiveness and competitiveness of our
compensation program, and such reviews may in the future involve the assistance of independent consultants.  
      233
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Personal Investment Obligations . As part of our compensation philosophy and
program, we require our named executive officers to personally invest their own capital in and alongside the funds that we manage. We believe that this strengthens the alignment of interests between our executive officers and the investors in those
investment funds. (See “— Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence — Investment in or Alongside Our Funds.”) In determining compensation for our named executive officers, we do not take
into account the gains or losses attributable to the personal investments by our named executive officers in our investment funds.    For equity awards granted in 2014 and prior years, we also require each of our named executive officers to hold at least 25% of their vested units (other than vested units awarded under our Deferred
Compensation Plan) throughout their employment with the firm and generally for one year following the termination of employment. We believe the continued ownership by our named executive officers of significant amounts of our equity through their
direct and indirect interests in the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships affords significant alignment of interests with our common unitholders. For equity awards granted in 2015 and onward our named executive officers are required to hold 25% of their
vested units (other than vested units awarded under our Deferred Compensation Plan) until the earlier of (1) ten years after the applicable vesting date and (2) one year following termination of employment.  
 Named Executive Officers    In 2018, our named executive officers were:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Executive 
    
   Title 


 
 Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Jonathan D. Gray 
    
 President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Hamilton E. James 
    
 Executive Vice Chairman 
 
 Michael S. Chae 
    
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 J. Tomilson Hill 
    
 Former Vice Chairman 
   Effective March 1, 2018, Mr. Gray was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer of
Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., our general partner. In connection with the appointment of Mr. Gray, Mr. James transitioned from his then-current role as President and Chief Operating Officer and is continuing in a full-time role as
Executive Vice Chairman of our general partner.    Effective December 31, 2018, Mr. Hill resigned from his position as
a director and Vice Chairman of our general partner. In recognition of Mr. Hill’s significant contributions to the firm over the course of his tenure with us and as consideration for a general release of claims in favor of the firm and its
related parties, we determined it was appropriate to enter into a withdrawal agreement with Mr. Hill, which provided for target annual cash compensation of $7,500,000 for 2018, continued vesting of his special equity awards that would have
otherwise been forfeited upon his resignation, specified participation interests in the carry or incentive fee pools generated by certain specified funds and eligibility to continue to participate in Blackstone’s
 side-by-side  or similar investment programs for five years following his resignation, in some cases without being subject to management fees, carried interest or
incentive fees (but subject to an administrative charge). The specific terms of Mr. Hill’s withdrawal agreement are discussed below under “— Potential Payments Upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control — Withdrawal
Agreement with J. Tomilson Hill.”    Compensation Elements for Named Executive Officers  
 The key elements of the compensation of the named executive officers listed in the tables below for 2018 were base compensation, which is
composed of base salary, cash bonus and equity-based compensation, and performance compensation, which is composed of carried interest and incentive fee allocations:    1.  Base Salary . Each named executive officer received a $350,000 annual base salary in 2018, which equals the total yearly partnership drawings that were received by each of our senior managing
directors prior to our initial public offering in 2007. In keeping with historical practice, we continue to pay this amount as a base salary.  
      234
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  2.  Annual Cash Bonus Payments / Deferred Equity Awards . Since our initial public
offering, Mr. Schwarzman has not received any cash compensation other than the $350,000 annual salary described above and the actual realized carried interest distributions or incentive fees he may receive in respect of his participation in the
carried interest or incentive fees earned from our funds through our Performance Plans described below. We believe that having Mr. Schwarzman’s compensation largely based on ownership of a portion of the carried interest or incentive fees
earned from our funds aligns his interests with those of the investors in our funds and our common unitholders.    Each of our
named executive officers other than Mr. Schwarzman received annual cash bonus payments in 2018 in addition to their base salary. These cash payments included participation interests in the earnings of the firm’s various investment
businesses. Indicative participation interests for each year were disclosed to a named executive officer at the beginning of such year and represented estimates of the expected percentage participation that such named executive officer may have had
in the relevant business unit(s)’ earnings for that same year. However, the ultimate cash payments paid to the named executive officers at the end of the year in respect of their participation interests were determined in the discretion of
Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray, as described below. Earnings for a business unit are calculated based on the annual operating income of that business unit and are generally a function of the performance of such business unit, which is
evaluated by Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray and subject to modification by the firm in its sole discretion. The ultimate cash payment amounts were based on (a) the prior and anticipated performance of the named executive officer,
(b) the prior and anticipated performance of the segments and product lines in which the officer serves and for which he has responsibility, and (c) the estimated participation interests given to the officer at the beginning of the year in
respect of the investments to be made in that year. We make annual cash bonus payments in the first quarter of the ensuing year to reward individual performance for the prior year. The ultimate cash payments that are made are fully discretionary as
further discussed below under “— Determination of Incentive Compensation.”    For 2018, all employees other than
Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James were deemed eligible to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan. The Deferred Compensation Plan provides for the deferral of a portion of each participant’s annual cash bonus payment. The portion
deferred is prescribed under the Deferred Compensation Plan and is subject to certain adjustments, including reductions for mandatory contributions to our investment funds. By deferring a portion of a participant’s compensation for three years,
the Deferred Compensation Plan acts as an employment retention mechanism and thereby enhances the alignment of interests between such participant and the firm. Many asset managers that are public companies utilize deferred compensation plans as a
means of retaining and motivating their professionals, and we believe that it is in the interest of our common unitholders to do the same for our personnel.    On January 11, 2019, Mr. Chae received a deferral award under the Deferred Compensation Plan of deferred restricted common units in respect of his service in 2018. The amount of each
participant’s annual cash bonus payment deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan is calculated pursuant to a deferral rate table using the participant’s total annual incentive compensation, which generally includes such
participant’s annual cash bonus payment and any incentive fees earned in connection with our investment funds and is subject to certain adjustments, including reductions for mandatory contributions to our investment funds. The percentage of
Mr. Chae’s 2018 annual cash bonus payment mandatorily deferred into deferred restricted common units was approximately 19.1%. This award is reflected as a stock award for fiscal year 2018 in the Summary Compensation Table and in the Grants
of Plan-Based Awards in 2018 table.    3.  Discretionary Equity Awards . In January 2018, Mr. Hill was awarded a
discretionary award of deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units with a value of $7,500,000. This award reflected 2017 performance. The award was granted under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan on July 1, 2018, subject to the named
executive officer’s continued employment through such date. This award is reflected as a stock award for fiscal year 2018 in the Summary Compensation Table and in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2018 table. 100% of these unvested deferred
restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units were considered vested and undelivered as of Mr. Hill’s December 31, 2018 resignation date. (See “— Potential Payments Upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control
— Withdrawal Agreement with J. Tomilson Hill.”)  
      235
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  In January 2019, Mr. Gray and Mr. Chae were each awarded a discretionary
award of deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units with a value of $30,000,000 and $2,000,000, respectively. These awards reflected 2018 performance and were intended to further promote retention and to incentivize future
performance. The awards will be granted under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan and are expected to be granted on July 1, 2019, subject to the named executive officer’s continued employment through such date. The awards will vest 20% on
July 1, 2022, 30% on July 1, 2023 and 50% on July 1, 2024. These awards will be reflected as stock awards for fiscal 2019 in the Summary Compensation Table and in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in the 2019 table.  
 4.  Participation in Carried Interest and Incentive Fees . During 2018, all of our named executive officers participated in the
carried interest of our carry funds or the incentive fees of our funds that pay incentive fees through their participation interests in the carry or incentive fee pools generated by these funds. The carry or incentive fee pool with respect to each
fund in a given year is funded by a fixed percentage of the total amount of carried interest or incentive fees earned by Blackstone for such fund in that year. We refer to these pools and employee participation therein as our “Performance
Plans” and payments made thereunder as “performance payments.” Because the aggregate amount of performance payments payable through our Performance Plans is directly tied to the performance of the funds, we believe this fosters a
strong alignment of interests between the investors in those funds and these named executive officers, and therefore benefits our unitholders. In addition, most alternative asset managers, including several of our competitors, use participation in
carried interest or incentive fees as a central means of compensating and motivating their professionals, and we believe that we must do the same in order to attract and retain the most qualified personnel. For purposes of our financial statements,
we are treating the income allocated to all our personnel who have participation interests in the carried interest or incentive fees generated by our funds as compensation, and the amounts of carried interest and incentive fees earned by named
executive officers are reflected as “All Other Compensation” in the Summary Compensation Table. Distributions in respect of our Performance Plans for each named executive officer are determined on the basis of the percentage participation
in the relevant investments previously allocated to that named executive officer, which percentage participations are established in January of each year in respect of the investments to be made in that year. The percentage participation for a named
executive officer may vary from year to year and fund to fund due to several factors, and may include changes in the size and composition of the pool of Blackstone personnel participating in such Performance Plan in a given year, the performance of
our various businesses, new developments in our businesses and product lines, and the named executive officer’s leadership and oversight of the business or corporate function for which the named executive officer is responsible and such named
executive officer’s contributions with respect to our strategic initiatives and development. In addition, certain of our employees, including our named executive officers, may participate in profit sharing initiatives whereby these individuals
may receive allocations of investment income from Blackstone’s firm investments. Our employees, including our named executive officers, may also receive equity awards in our investment advisory clients and/or be allocated securities of such
clients that we have received.    (a)  Carried Interest.  Distributions of carried interest in cash (or, in some cases,  in-kind)  to our named executive officers and other employees who participate in our Performance Plans relating to our carry funds depends on the realized proceeds and timing of the cash realizations of the
investments owned by the carry funds in which they participate. Our carry fund agreements also set forth specified preconditions to a carried interest distribution, which typically include that there must have been a positive return on the relevant
investment and that the fund must be above its carried interest hurdle rate. In addition, as described below, employees or senior managing directors may also be required to have fulfilled specified service requirements in order to be eligible to
receive carried interest distributions. For our carry funds, carried interest distributions for the named executive officer’s participation interests are generally made to the named executive officer following the actual realization of the
investment, although a portion of such carried interest is held back by the firm in respect of any future “clawback” obligation related to the fund. In allocating participation interests in the carry pools, we have not historically taken
into account or based such allocations on any prior or projected triggering of any “clawback” obligation related to any fund. To the extent any “clawback” obligation were to be triggered, carried interest previously distributed
to a named executive officer would have to be returned to the limited partners of such fund, thereby reducing the named executive officer’s overall compensation for any such year. Moreover, because a carried interest recipient (including
Blackstone itself) may have to fund more than his or her respective share of a “clawback” obligation under the  
      236
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
governing documents (generally, up to an additional 50%), there is the possibility that the compensation paid to a named executive officer for any given year could be significantly reduced or
even negative in the event a “clawback” obligation were to arise.    Participation in carried interest generated by
our carry funds for all participating named executive officers other than Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James is subject to vesting. Vesting serves as an employment retention mechanism and thereby enhances the alignment of interests between a
participant in our Performance Plans and the firm. For carried interest allocated on or prior to December 31, 2012 and carried interest earned in certain of our credit funds, each participating named executive officer (other than
Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James) vests in 25% of the carried interest related to an investment immediately upon the closing of the investment by a carry fund with the remainder vesting in equal installments on the first through third anniversary
of the closing of that investment (unless an investment is realized prior to the expiration of such three-year anniversary, in which case such active executive officer is deemed 100% vested in the proceeds of such realizations). For carried interest
allocated after December 31, 2012, the carried interest related to an investment vests in equal installments on the first through fourth anniversary of the closing of that investment (unless an investment is realized prior to the expiration of
such four-year anniversary, in which case such active executive officer is deemed 100% vested in the proceeds of such realizations). In addition, any named executive officer who is retirement eligible will automatically vest in 50% of their
otherwise unvested carried interest allocation upon retirement. (See “—  Non-Competition  and  Non-Solicitation  Agreements — Retirement.”) We believe
that vesting of carried interest participation enhances the stability of our senior management team and provides greater incentives for our named executive officers to remain at the firm. Due to his unique status as a founder and the long-time chief
executive officer of our firm, Mr. Schwarzman vests in 100% of his carried interest participation related to any investment by a carry fund upon the closing of that investment. In recognition of his significant contributions to the firm and the
value Mr. James continues to provide as Executive Vice Chairman, we have agreed that Mr. James is fully vested in his current carried interest participation and that he will continue to fully vest in any carried interest participation related to any
investment by a carry fund upon the closing of that investment.    (b)  Incentive Fees.  Cash distributions of incentive
fees to our named executive officers and other employees who participate in our Performance Plans relating to the funds that pay incentive fees depends on the performance of the investments owned by those funds in which they participate. For our
investment funds that pay incentive fees, those incentive fees are only paid to the firm and employees of the firm to the extent an applicable fund’s portfolio of investments has profitably appreciated in value (in most cases above a specified
level) during the applicable period and following the calculation of the profit split (if any) between the fund’s general partner or investment adviser and the fund’s investors, which occurs once a year (generally December 31 or
June 30 of each year).    (c)  Investment Advisory Client Interests . BXMT and Blackstone Residential Trust
(“BXRT”)   are investment advisory clients of Blackstone. Compensation we receive from investment advisory clients in the form of securities may be allocated to employees and senior managing directors. For example, in 2018, Messrs.
Schwarzman, Gray, James, and Chae were allocated restricted shares of listed common stock of BXMT in connection with investment advisory services provided by Blackstone to BXMT. Messrs. Schwarzman, Gray, James and Chae were also allocated restricted
shares of BXRT in April 2018 and January 2019 (for performance in years 2017 and 2018 respectively). The value of these allocated restricted shares is reflected as “All Other Compensation” in the Summary Compensation Table.  
 5.  Other Benefits . Upon the consummation of our initial public offering in June 2007, we entered into a founding member agreement
with our founder, Mr. Schwarzman, which provides specified benefits to him following his retirement. (See “— Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2018 — Schwarzman Founding Member
Agreement.”) Mr. Schwarzman, Mr. Gray and Mr. James are provided certain security services, which may include home security systems and monitoring, and personal and related security services. These security services are provided
for our benefit, and we consider the related expenses to be appropriate business expenses rather than personal benefits for Mr. Schwarzman, Mr. Gray and Mr. James. Nevertheless, the expenses associated with these security services are
reflected in the “All Other Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table below. In addition, in 2018, we provided certain unused company-leased office space, and limited  
      237
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
administrative support, for use by certain individuals who work for the Education Finance Institute (EFI), a charitable organization formed by Mr. James, for which there was no incremental
cost to Blackstone.    Determination of Incentive Compensation  
 As our founder, Mr. Schwarzman sets his own compensation and reserves final approval of each named executive officer’s
compensation, based on recommendations from Mr. Gray. For 2018, these decisions were based primarily on Mr. Schwarzman’s and Mr. Gray’s assessment of such named executive officer’s individual performance, operational
performance for the segments or product lines in which the officer serves or for which he has responsibility, and the officer’s potential to enhance investment returns for the investors in our funds and service to our advisory clients, and to
contribute to long-term unitholder value. In evaluating these factors, Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray relied upon their judgment to determine the ultimate amount of a named executive officer’s annual cash bonus payment and participation
in carried interest, incentive fees and investment advisory client interests that was necessary to properly induce the named executive officer to seek to achieve our objectives and reward a named executive officer in achieving those objectives over
the course of the prior year. Key factors that Mr. Schwarzman considered in making such determination with respect to Mr. Gray were his service as President and Chief Operating Officer, his role in overseeing the growth and operations of
the firm, and his leadership on the strategic direction of the firm generally. Key factors that Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray considered in making such determinations with respect to Mr. James were his role in helping develop new
businesses, serving as a firm spokesman and managing strategic external relationships. Key factors that Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray considered in making such determination with respect to Mr. Hill were his target annual bonus
compensation of $7,150,000 pursuant to the terms of his withdrawal agreement as well as his leadership and oversight of our Hedge Fund Solutions business, including his role in the oversight and development of new products and strategies, and his
leadership on strategic initiatives undertaken by the firm. Key factors that Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray considered in making such determinations with respect to Mr. Chae were his leadership and oversight of our global finance,
treasury, technology and corporate development function and his role in strategic initiatives undertaken by the firm. For 2018, Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray also considered each named executive officer’s prior year annual cash bonus
payments, indicative participation interests disclosed to the named executive officer at the beginning of the year, his allocated share of performance interests through participation in our Performance Plans, the appropriate balance between
incentives for long-term and short-term performance, and the compensation paid to the named executive officer’s peers within the firm.  
 Minimum Retained Ownership Requirements    The minimum retained ownership requirements for our named executive officers are described below under “— Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards
in 2018 — Terms of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units Granted in 2018 and Prior Years — Minimum Retained Ownership Requirements.”    Compensation Committee Report    The board of directors of our general
partner does not have a compensation committee. The members of the executive committee of the board of directors identified below have reviewed and discussed with management the foregoing Compensation Discussion and Analysis and, based on such
review and discussion, have determined that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis should be included in this annual report.    Stephen A. Schwarzman, Chairman    Hamilton E. James
   Bennett J. Goodman  
 Jonathan D. Gray    Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation    As described
above, we do not have a compensation committee. Our founder Mr. Schwarzman makes all such compensation determinations based in large part on recommendations from Mr. Gray. For a description of certain
 
      238
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
transactions between us and Mr. Schwarzman, see “— Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.”  
 Summary Compensation Table    The following table provides summary information concerning the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer and each of our three other most highly compensated employees who
served as executive officers at December 31, 2018, for services rendered to us. These individuals are referred to as our named executive officers in this annual report.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name and Principal Position 
    
 Year 
   
    
 Salary 
   
    
 Bonus (a) 
   
    
 Stock Awards (b) 
   
    
 All Other Compensation (c) 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
 Chairman and Chief 
 Executive Officer 
    
   
 2018 
   
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 68,797,028 
   
    
 $ 
 69,147,028 
   
 
    
   
 2017 
   
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 125,169,429 
   
    
 $ 
 125,519,429 
   
 
    
   
 2016 
   
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 46,618,924 
   
    
 $ 
 46,968,924 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Jonathan D. Gray 
    
   
 2018 
   
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
    
 $ 
 10,000,000 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 47,470,560 
   
    
 $ 
 57,820,560 
   
 
   President and Chief 
 Operating Officer 
    
   
 2017 
   
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
    
 $ 
 25,797,554 
   
    
 $ 
 6,040,668 
   
    
 $ 
 131,861,776 
   
    
 $ 
 164,049,998 
   
 
    
   
 2016 
   
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
    
 $ 
 21,608,501 
   
    
 $ 
 8,314,138 
   
    
 $ 
 56,367,198 
   
    
 $ 
 86,639,837 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Hamilton E. James 
    
   
 2018 
   
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
    
 $ 
 28,785,507 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 37,108,062 
   
    
 $ 
 66,243,569 
   
 
   Executive Vice Chairman 
    
   
 2017 
   
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
    
 $ 
 45,978,814 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 61,426,748 
   
    
 $ 
 107,755,562 
   
 
 
    
   
 2016 
   
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
    
 $ 
 37,497,853 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 20,446,203 
   
    
 $ 
 58,294,056 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Michael S. Chae 
    
   
 2018 
   
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
    
 $ 
 5,702,045 
   
    
 $ 
 1,398,751 
   
    
 $ 
 6,865,619 
   
    
 $ 
 14,316,416 
   
 
   Chief Financial Officer 
    
   
 2017 
   
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
    
 $ 
 6,634,789 
   
    
 $ 
 27,723 
   
    
 $ 
 11,204,987 
   
    
 $ 
 18,217,499 
   
 
 
    
   
 2016 
   
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
    
 $ 
 5,144,258 
   
    
 $ 
 24,681,013 
   
    
 $ 
 2,585,167 
   
    
 $ 
 32,760,438 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   J. Tomilson Hill 
    
   
 2018 
   
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
    
 $ 
 7,150,000 
   
    
 $ 
 12,720,673 
   
    
 $ 
 2,581,241 
   
    
 $ 
 22,801,914 
   
 
 Vice Chairman 
    
   
 2017 
   
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
    
 $ 
 10,440,761 
   
    
 $ 
 6,679,195 
   
    
 $ 
 3,776,367 
   
    
 $ 
 21,246,323 
   
 
    
   
 2016 
   
    
 $ 
 350,000 
   
    
 $ 
 7,524,212 
   
    
 $ 
 6,975,943 
   
    
 $ 
 1,551,849 
   
    
 $ 
 16,402,004 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   The amounts reported in this column reflect the annual cash bonus payments made for performance in the indicated year.
   The amount reported as “bonus” for 2018 for Mr. Chae is shown net of his mandatory deferral
pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan. The deferred amount for 2018 for Mr. Chae was $1,347,954. For additional information on the Deferred Compensation Plan, see “— Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2018 — Narrative to
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2018 Table.”      
 
 
 (b) 
   The reference to “stock” in this table refers to deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or deferred restricted
common units. The amounts reported in this column represent the grant date fair value of stock awards granted for financial statement reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP pertaining to equity-based compensation. The assumptions used in
determining the grant date fair value are set forth in Note 16. “Equity-Based Compensation” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
   Amounts reported for 2018 reflect 43,752 deferred restricted common units with a grant date fair value of
$1,398,751 granted to Mr. Chae on January 11, 2019 for 2018 performance pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan. The grant date fair value of the stock award reflecting the deferred bonus amount is computed in accordance with GAAP and
generally differs from the dollar amount of the portion of the bonus that is required to be deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan. For additional information on the Deferred Compensation Plan, see “— Nonqualified Deferred
Compensation for 2018 — Narrative to Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2018 Table.”  
      239
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Amounts reported for 2018 also reflect (1) 232,253 deferred restricted Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units granted to Mr. Hill on July 1, 2018 under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan computed in accordance with GAAP, which amount generally differs from the dollar amount of the discretionary equity award which was
determined in January 2017 and (2) the aggregate incremental fair value, computed as of the December 31, 2018 modification date in accordance with GAAP, with respect to the 176,085 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units
that we agreed to allow Mr. Hill to remain eligible to vest in following his resignation pursuant to the terms of his withdrawal agreement.      
 
 
 (c) 
   Amounts reported for 2018 include distributions, whether in cash or  in-kind,  in respect of carried
interest or incentive fee allocations relating to our Performance Plans to the named executive officer in 2018 as follows: $67,402,823 for Mr. Schwarzman, $46,199,160 for Mr. Gray, $36,784,952 for Mr. James, $6,777,981 for
Mr. Chae and $2,581,241 for Mr. Hill, respectively. Any  in-kind  distributions in respect of carried interest are reported based on the market value of the securities distributed as of the date of
distribution. For 2018, Messrs. Schwarzman, Gray, James and Chae were the only named executive officers who received such  in-kind  distributions. We have determined to present compensation relating to carried
interest and incentive fees within the Summary Compensation Table in the year in which such compensation is paid to the named executive officer under the terms of the relevant Performance Plan. Accordingly, the amounts presented in the table differ
from the compensation expense recorded by us on an accrual basis for such year in respect of carried interest and incentive fees allocable to a named executive officer, which accrued amounts for 2018 are separately disclosed in this footnote to the
Summary Compensation Table. We believe that the presentation of the actual amounts of carried interest- and incentive  fee-related  compensation paid to a named executive officer during the year, instead of the
amounts of compensation expense we have recorded on an accrual basis, most appropriately reflects the actual compensation received by the named executive officer and represents the amount most directly aligned with the named executive officer’s
actual performance. By contrast, the amount of compensation expense accrued in respect of carried interest and incentive fees allocable to a named executive officer can be highly volatile from year to year, with amounts accrued in one year being
reversed in a following year, and vice versa, causing such amounts to be less useful as a measure of the compensation actually earned by a named executive officer in any particular year.  
 To the extent compensation expense recorded by us on an accrual basis in respect of carried interest or incentive fee allocations (rather
than cash or  in-kind  distributions) were to be included for 2018, the amounts would be $95,187,196 for Mr. Schwarzman, $56,446,760 for Mr. Gray, $57,224,760 for Mr. James, $10,551,915 for
Mr. Chae and $3,877,528 for Mr. Hill. For financial statement reporting purposes, the accrual of compensation expense is equal to the amount of carried interest and incentive fees related to performance fee revenues as of the last day of
the relevant period as if the performance fee revenues in the funds generating such carried interest or incentive fees were realized as of the last day of the relevant period.    With respect to Messrs. Schwarzman, Gray, James and Chae, amounts shown for 2018 also include the value of restricted shares of listed common stock of BXMT allocated to such named executive officers based
on the closing price of BXMT’s common stock on the date of the award as follows: $1,116,422 for Mr. Schwarzman, $1,233,588 for Mr. Gray, $301,752 for Mr. James and $84,086 for Mr. Chae. These restricted shares will vest over
three years with  one-third  of the shares vesting at the end of the first year after the date of the award and the remaining shares vesting in eight equal quarterly installments thereafter. In addition, with
respect to Messrs. Schwarzman, Gray, James and Chae, amounts shown for 2018 include the value of restricted shares of BXRT stock allocated to such executive officers based on the date of the award as follows: $41,316 for Mr. Schwarzman, $32,813
for Mr. Gray, $12,750 for Mr. James and $3,552 for Mr. Chae. These restricted shares vested 25% on January 1, 2019 and vest 25% on January 1, 2020 and 50% on January 1, 2021.  
 With the exception of $236,467 of expenses related to security services in 2018 for Mr. Schwarzman and members of his family, any
perquisites or other personal benefits provided to the other named executive officers were less than $10,000 and information regarding any such perquisites or other personal benefits has therefore not been included. As noted above under “—
Compensation Discussion and Analysis — Compensation Elements for Named Executive Officers — Other Benefits,” we consider the expenses for security services for Mr. Schwarzman to be for our benefit and appropriate business
expenses rather than  
      240
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
personal benefits for Mr. Schwarzman. Mr. Schwarzman makes business and personal use of a car and driver and he and members of his family also make occasional business and personal use
of an airplane in which we have a fractional interest and in each case he bears the full cost of such personal usage. In addition, certain Blackstone personnel administer personal matters for Mr. Schwarzman and certain matters for the Stephen
A. Schwarzman Education Foundation (“SASEF”), and Mr. Schwarzman and SASEF, respectively, bear the full incremental cost to us of such personnel. There is no incremental expense incurred by us in connection with the use of any car and
driver, airplane or personnel by Mr. Schwarzman as described above.    Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2018  
 The following table provides information concerning unit awards granted in 2018 or, for deferred restricted common units granted under the
Deferred Compensation Plan, with respect to 2018, to our named executive officers:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Grant Date 
   
    
 All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (a) 
   
   
 Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards (a) 
   


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Jonathan D. Gray 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Hamilton E. James 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Michael S. Chae 
    
   
 1/11/2019 
   
    
   
 43,752 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 1,398,751 
   
 
   J. Tomilson Hill 
    
   
 7/1/2018 
   
    
   
 232,253 
 (c)  
   
 $ 
 7,471,579 
   
 
 
    
   
 12/31/2018 
   
    
   
 176,085 
 (d)  
   
 $ 
 5,249,094 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   The references to “stock” or “shares” in this table refer to deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or
our deferred restricted common units.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Represents deferred restricted common units granted in 2019 under the Deferred Compensation Plan for 2018 performance. (See “—
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2018 — Narrative to Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2018 Table.”) These grants are reflected in the “Stock Awards” column of the Summary Compensation Table in 2018.
 
 
 
 (c) 
   Represents deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted under our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan and reflects 2017
performance.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Pursuant to the terms of Mr. Hill’s withdrawal agreement, we agreed to modify the terms of Mr. Hill’s outstanding unvested
deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to allow him to remain eligible to vest in the remaining 50% of such awards that otherwise would have been forfeited in connection with his resignation from the firm. This decision was
accounted for as a modification for financial statement reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP and the amount reported reflects the aggregate incremental fair value, computed as of the December 31, 2018 modification date in accordance with
GAAP, with respect to the following modified awards: 9,573 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted on July 1, 2015; 27,493 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted on July 1, 2016, 22,893
deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted on July 1, 2017; and 116,127 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted on July 1, 2018.  
 Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2018  
 Terms of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units Granted in 2018 and Prior Years  
 Our  pre-IPO  owners, including our named executive officers, received Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units in the reorganization in exchange for the contribution of their equity interests in our operating subsidiaries to  
      241
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
Blackstone Holdings and in exchange for their interests in carried interest relating to investments made by our carry funds prior to the date of the contribution. Subject to the vesting and
minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, these partnership units may be exchanged for our common units as described under “— Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence — Exchange Agreement” below.    Vesting
Provisions . All of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received in the reorganization by the named executive officers in exchange for the contribution of their equity interests in our operating subsidiaries to Blackstone Holdings are now
fully vested. All of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received in exchange for their interests in carried interest relating to investments made by our carry funds prior to the date of the contribution were fully vested.  
 The 981,883 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to Mr. Chae in 2016 under the 2007 Equity Incentive
Plan vest annually in substantially equal installments over six years beginning on July 1, 2019.    Except as described
below, unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units are generally forfeited upon termination of employment. In addition, upon the death or permanent disability of a named executive officer, all of his or her unvested deferred
restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held at that time will vest immediately. In connection with a named executive officer’s termination of employment due to qualifying retirement, with respect to unvested deferred restricted
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted in 2015 and subsequent years, 50% of such units will continue to vest and be delivered over the vesting period, subject to forfeiture if the named executive officer violates any applicable provision of
his employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity (as such term is defined in the applicable award agreement). (See  “Non-Competition  and
 Non-Solicitation  Agreements — Retirement.”) Further, in the event of a change in control (defined in the Blackstone Holdings partnership agreements as the occurrence of any person becoming the
general partner of The Blackstone Group L.P. other than a person approved by the current general partner), any Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units will automatically be deemed vested as
of immediately prior to such change in control.    All vested and unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and deferred
restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (and our common units received in exchange for such Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units) held by a named executive officer will be immediately forfeited in the event the named executive officer
materially breaches any of their restrictive covenants set forth in the  non-competition  and  non-solicitation  agreement outlined under
 “Non-Competition  and  Non-Solicitation  Agreements” or their service is terminated for cause. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Mr. Schwarzman will not be
required to forfeit more than 25% of the units held by him as of the date of his amended and restated founding member agreement.    Cash Distribution Equivalents.  All unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units are entitled to the payment of current cash
distribution equivalents. In accordance with the SEC’s rules, the current cash distribution equivalents are not required to be reported in the Summary Compensation Table because the amounts of future cash distributions are factored into the
grant date fair value of the awards.    Minimum Retained Ownership Requirements . For units granted in 2014 and prior
years, while employed by us and generally for one year following the termination of employment, each of our named executive officers (except as otherwise provided below) will be required to continue to hold (and may not transfer) at least 25% of all
vested units (other than vested units awarded under our Deferred Compensation Plan) received by him or her; provided that, with respect to vested units received in connection with the reorganization, such percentage is reduced to 12.5% upon
qualifying retirement. For units granted in 2015 and subsequent years each of our named executive officers (except as otherwise provided below) will be required to hold 25% of their vested units (other than vested units awarded under our Deferred
Compensation Plan) until the earlier of (1) ten years after the applicable vesting  
      242
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
date and (2) one year following termination of employment. The requirement that one continue to hold at least 25% of such vested units is subject to the qualification in
Mr. Schwarzman’s case that in no event will he be required to hold units having a market value greater than $1.5 billion or hold units following termination of employment. Each of our named executive officers is in compliance with
these minimum retained ownership requirements.    Transfer Restrictions . None of our named executive officers may
transfer Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units other than pursuant to transactions or programs approved by our general partner.  
 This transfer restriction applies to sales, pledges of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, grants of options, rights or warrants to
purchase Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or swaps or other arrangements that transfer to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units other than as approved by our
general partner. We expect that our general partner will approve pledges or transfers to personal planning vehicles beneficially owned by the families of our  pre-IPO  owners and charitable gifts, provided that
the pledgee, transferee or donee agrees to be subject to the same transfer restrictions (except as specified above with respect to Mr. Schwarzman). Transfers to Blackstone are also exempt from the transfer restrictions.  
 The transfer restrictions set forth above will continue to apply generally for one year following the termination of employment of a
named executive officer other than Mr. Schwarzman for any reason, except that the transfer restrictions set forth above will lapse upon death or permanent disability. The transfer restrictions will lapse in the event of a change in control (as
defined above).    The Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by other Blackstone personnel in the reorganization and
pursuant to the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan are also generally subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions applicable to our named executive officers other than Mr. Schwarzman, although  non-senior  managing directors were also generally subject to vesting in respect of a portion of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by such personnel in the reorganization in exchange for their
interests in carried interest.    Schwarzman Founding Member Agreement  
 Upon the consummation of our initial public offering, we entered into a founding member agreement with Mr. Schwarzman. Although
Mr. Schwarzman has informed the conflicts committee of the board of directors of our general partner that he has no current plan to retire, as previously disclosed, on March 1, 2018, we amended and restated this agreement, with the
approval of the conflicts committee advised by independent counsel, to address certain retirement benefits to be received by Mr. Schwarzman. Mr. Schwarzman’s agreement provides that he will remain our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer (or, as determined by Mr. Schwarzman, our Chairman or Executive Chairman) while continuing service with us and requires him to give us six months’ prior written notice of intent to terminate service with us. The agreement provides
that following retirement (or, if applicable, the date on which he ceases active service as a result of his permanent disability), Mr. Schwarzman will be provided with specified retirement benefits for the remainder of his life, including that
he be permitted to retain his then current office and continue to be provided with administrative support, access to office services and a car and driver. Mr. Schwarzman will also continue to receive health benefits following his retirement
until his death, subject to his continuing payment of the related health insurance premiums consistent with current policies. Finally, Mr. Schwarzman will also receive reimbursement for travel costs (including travel on personal aircraft) for
Blackstone related business functions, annual home and personal security benefits, reasonable access to our Chief Legal Officer, reasonable access to certain events, legal representation for Blackstone related matters, and, subject to his continuing
payment of costs and expenses related thereto, he will continue to be provided with offices, technology and support for his family office team at levels consistent with current practice. The agreement provides that, following
Mr. Schwarzman’s termination of service, he or related entities will remain entitled to receive awards of carried interest at reduced levels until the later of February 14, 2027 or the date of Mr. Schwarzman’s death. The
profit sharing percentage for any carried interest awarded in new funds launched after Mr. Schwarzman’s  
      243
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
termination of service shall generally be set at 50% of the profit sharing percentage Mr. Schwarzman held in the most recent corresponding predecessor fund prior to his termination of
employment or, in the case of new funds without a corresponding predecessor fund prior to Mr. Schwarzman’s termination of service, a profit sharing percentage set at 50% of the median of the aggregate profit sharing percentages held by
Mr. Schwarzman at the time of his termination of service. While currently Mr. Schwarzman is entitled to invest in or alongside our investment funds without being subject to management fees or carried interest, this has been extended to
continue until ten years following the date of Mr. Schwarzman’s death as to Mr. Schwarzman, his estate and related entities.  
 Senior Managing Director Agreements    Upon the consummation of our initial public offering, we entered into substantially similar senior managing director agreements with each of our named executive officers and other senior managing
directors other than our founder. Senior managing directors who have joined the firm after our initial public offering have also entered into senior managing director agreements. The agreements generally provide that each senior managing director
will devote substantially all of his or her business time, skill, energies and attention to us in a diligent manner. Each senior managing director will be paid distributions and benefits in amounts determined by Blackstone from time to time in its
sole discretion. The agreements require us to provide the senior managing director with 90 days’ prior written notice prior to terminating his or her service with us (other than a termination for cause). Additionally, the agreements require
each senior managing director to give us 90 days’ prior written notice of intent to terminate service with us and require the senior managing director to be placed on a  90-day  period of “garden
leave” following the senior managing director’s termination of service (as further described under the caption “—  Non-Competition  and
 Non-Solicitation  Agreements” below).    Outstanding Equity Awards at 2018 Fiscal Year End
   The following table provides information regarding outstanding unvested equity awards made to our named executive officers
as of December 31, 2018.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Stock Awards (a) 
   
 
   Name 
    
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
   
    
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (b) 
   


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Jonathan D. Gray 
    
   
 372,599 
   
    
 $ 
 11,107,176 
   
 
   Hamilton E. James 
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Michael Chae 
    
   
 1,040,272 
   
    
 $ 
 31,105,013 
   
 
   J. Tomilson Hill (c) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   The references to “stock” or “shares” in this table refer to unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership
Units and unvested deferred restricted common units granted under the Deferred Compensation Plan (including deferred restricted common units granted to Mr. Chae in 2019 in respect of 2018 performance). All amounts reported for Mr. Gray
represent unvested deferred restricted common units granted under the Deferred Compensation Plan. The vesting terms of these awards are described under the captions “Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based
Awards in 2018 — Terms of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units Granted in 2018 and Prior Years” above and “— Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2018 — Narrative to Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2018 Table”
below.  
 
 
 (b) 
   The dollar amounts shown under this column were calculated by multiplying the number of unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units or unvested deferred restricted common units held by the named executive officer by the closing market price of $29.81 per Blackstone common unit on December 31, 2018, the last trading day of 2018, other than the deferred
restricted common units granted in 2019 in respect of 2018 performance, which are valued as of the date of their grant.  
      244
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 (c) 
   Mr. Hill’s resignation constituted a “qualifying retirement” for purposes of his unvested deferred restricted Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units. In addition, pursuant to the terms of Mr. Hill’s withdrawal agreement, we agreed to modify the terms of Mr. Hill’s outstanding unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to
allow him to remain eligible to vest in the remaining 50% of such awards that otherwise would have been forfeited in connection with his resignation from the firm. Accordingly, 100% of Mr. Hill’s unvested deferred restricted Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units were considered vested and undelivered as of his December 31, 2018 resignation date. The undelivered deferred restricted common units that were granted to Mr. Hill pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan in
2018 in respect of 2017 performance, in 2017 in respect of 2016 performance and in 2016 in respect of 2015 performance were, in each case, considered vested on the date of grant due to his retirement eligibility on such dates and following
Mr. Hill’s resignation will be delivered over the applicable deferral period, subject to his continued compliance with the terms of his withdrawal agreement and his  non-competition  and  non-solicitation  agreement (as modified by the withdrawal agreement).    Option Exercises
and Stock Vested in 2018    The following table provides information regarding the number of outstanding initially unvested
equity awards made to our named executive officers that vested during 2018:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Stock Awards (a) 
   
 
   Name 
    
 Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting 
   
    
 Value Realized on Vesting (b) 
   


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Jonathan D. Gray 
    
   
 107,707 
   
    
 $ 
 3,448,778 
   
 
   Hamilton E. James 
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Michael S. Chae 
    
   
 6,923 
   
    
 $ 
 221,674 
   
 
   J. Tomilson Hill (c) 
    
   
 439,882 
   
    
 $ 
 13,586,907 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   The references to “stock” or “shares” in this table refer to deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and
our deferred restricted common units.      
 
 
 (b) 
   The value realized on vesting is based on the closing market prices of our common units on the day of vesting.  
   
 
 
 (c) 
   Mr. Hill’s resignation constituted a “qualifying retirement” for purposes of his unvested deferred restricted Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units. In addition, pursuant to the terms of Mr. Hill’s withdrawal agreement, we agreed to modify the terms of Mr. Hill’s outstanding unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to
allow him to remain eligible to vest in the remaining 50% of such awards that otherwise would have been forfeited in connection with his resignation from the firm. Accordingly, 100% of Mr. Hill’s unvested deferred restricted Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units were considered vested and undelivered as of his December 31, 2018 resignation date. These deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units are scheduled to be delivered on the original vesting dates, subject
to Mr. Hill’s continued compliance with the terms of his withdrawal agreement and his  non-competition  and  non-solicitation  agreement (as modified by the
withdrawal agreement) and are reflected in the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2018 Table below.    Nonqualified
Deferred Compensation for 2018    The following table provides information with respect to (1) undelivered deferred
restricted common units that were granted to Messrs. James and Hill in 2015 pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan in respect of 2014 performance that were considered vested on the date of grant due to their retirement eligibility,
(2) undelivered deferred restricted common units that were granted to Mr. Hill pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan in 2018 in respect of 2017 performance, in 2017 in respect of 2016 performance and in 2016 in respect of 2015
performance that, in each case, were considered vested on the date of grant due to his retirement eligibility (3) mandatorily deferred and vested, but undelivered, deferred restricted common units that were granted to Mr. Hill in 2014
 
      245
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan in respect of 2013 and (4) Mr. Hill’s unvested of deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units that were considered vested
and undelivered as of his December 31, 2018 resignation date.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Executive Contributions in 2018 
   
    
 Registrant Contributions in 2018 (a) 
   
    
 Aggregate Earnings (Losses) in 2018 (b) 
   
    
 Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions (c) 
   
    
 Aggregate Balance at December 31, 2018 (d) 
   


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Jonathan D. Gray 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Hamilton E. James 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 20,018 
   
    
 $ 
 238,778 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Michael S. Chae 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   J. Tomilson Hill 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 10,498,158 
   
    
 $ 
 642,441 
   
    
 $ 
 12,803,076 
   
    
 $ 
 20,515,719 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   This column represents the 352,169 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units that were considered vested as of
Mr. Hill’s December 31, 2018 resignation and which are scheduled to be delivered on the original vesting dates, subject to Mr. Hill’s continued compliance with the terms of his withdrawal agreement and his  non-competition  and  non-solicitation  agreement (as modified by the withdrawal agreement). Of this amount, 232,253 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units
with a grant date fair value of $7,471,579 was also reported in the “Stock Awards” column of the Summary Compensation Table for the last completed fiscal year (see footnote (b) to the Summary Compensation Table).
 
 
 
 (b) 
   This column represents (1) the earnings/(losses) during 2018 on deferred restricted common units granted to Messrs. James and Hill
pursuant to our Deferred Compensation Plan through the earlier of their delivery or December 31, 2018 and (2) the payment of current cash distribution equivalents on deferred restricted common units granted pursuant to the Deferred
Compensation Plan to Mr. Hill in 2016 in respect of 2015, in 2017 in respect of 2016 and in 2018 in respect of 2017 through the earlier of their delivery or December 31, 2018. No portion of any earnings would be considered above-market or
preferential and, accordingly, no earnings are reflected in the Summary Compensation Table.  
 
 
 (c) 
   This column represents (1) the value of 6,832 and 343,057 deferred common units that were delivered to Messrs. James and Hill,
respectively, in 2018 based on the closing market price per Blackstone common unit on the date(s) of delivery and (2) the payment of current cash distribution equivalents on deferred restricted common units granted pursuant to the Deferred
Compensation Plan to Mr. Hill in 2016 in respect of 2015, in 2017 in respect of 2016 and in 2018 in respect of 2017.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Represents the value as of December 31, 2018 of 336,047 deferred restricted common units and 352,169 deferred restricted Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units granted to Mr. Hill. With respect to Mr. Hill, $14,081,363 has been previously reported in the “Stock Awards” column of the Summary Compensation Table. The values set forth in this column are based on
the closing market price of $29.81 per Blackstone common units on December 31, 2018.    Narrative to Nonqualified
Deferred Compensation for 2018 Table    In 2007, we established our Deferred Compensation Plan (which we also refer to as
our “Bonus Deferral Plan”) for certain eligible employees of Blackstone and certain of its affiliates in order to provide such eligible employees with a  pre-tax  deferred incentive compensation
opportunity and to enhance the alignment of interests between such eligible employees and Blackstone and its affiliates. The Deferred Compensation Plan is an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan which provides for the automatic,
mandatory deferral of a portion of each participant’s annual cash bonus payment.    At the end of each year, the Plan
Administrator (as defined in the Deferred Compensation Plan) selects plan participants in its sole discretion and notifies such individuals that they have been selected to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan for such year. Participation is
mandatory for those employees selected by the Plan Administrator to be participants. An individual, if selected, may not decline to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan and an individual who is not so selected may not elect to participate
in the Deferred Compensation Plan. The selection of participants is made on an annual basis; an individual selected to participate in  
      246
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
the Deferred Compensation Plan for a given year may not necessarily be selected to participate in a subsequent year. For 2018, all employees other than Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James were
deemed eligible to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan, with the deferred amount (if any) determined in accordance with the table described below. For 2018, only Mr. Chae participated in the Deferred Compensation Plan for 2018.
   In respect of the deferred portion of his or her annual cash bonus payment, each participant receives deferral units which
represent rights to receive in the future a specified amount of common units or Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or other equity-based awards under our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, subject to vesting provisions described below. The amount of
each participant’s annual cash bonus payment deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan is calculated pursuant to a deferral rate table using the participant’s total annual incentive compensation, which generally includes such
participant’s annual cash bonus payment and any incentive fees earned in connection with our investment funds, and is subject to certain adjustments, including reductions for mandatory contributions to our investment funds. For deferrals of
2018 annual cash bonus payments, the deferral percentage was calculated on the basis set forth in the following table (or such other table that may be adopted by the Plan Administrator).  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portion of Annual Incentive 
    
 Marginal Deferral Rate Applicable to Such Portion 
   
   
 Effective Deferral Rate for Entire Annual Bonus (a) 
   


 
   $0 - 100,000 
    
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0.0 
 %  
 
   $100,001 - 200,000 
    
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 7.5 
 %  
 
   $200,001 - 500,000 
    
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 15.0 
 %  
 
   $500,001 - 750,000 
    
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 20.0 
 %  
 
   $750,001 - 1,250,000 
    
   
 40 
 %  
   
   
 28.0 
 %  
 
   $1,250,001 - 2,000,000 
    
   
 45 
 %  
   
   
 34.4 
 %  
 
   $2,000,001 - 3,000,000 
    
   
 50 
 %  
   
   
 39.6 
 %  
 
   $3,000,001 - 4,000,000 
    
   
 55 
 %  
   
   
 43.4 
 %  
 
   $4,000,001 - 5,000,000 
    
   
 60 
 %  
   
   
 46.8 
 %  
 
   $5,000,000 + 
    
   
 65 
 %  
   
   
 52.8 
 %  
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Effective deferral rates are shown for illustrative purposes only and are based on an annual cash payment equal to the maximum amount in the
range shown in the far left column (which is assumed to be $7,500,000 for the last range shown).  
 Mandatory Deferral Awards.  Generally, deferral units are satisfied by delivery of our common units in equal annual installments
over the deferral period, which was three years for grants made in respect of years prior to 2012 and four years for grants made in respect of years 2012 and 2013 (with no partial-year delivery). In 2015, the Deferred Compensation Plan was amended
to return the deferral period to three years for grants made in respect of 2014 and subsequent years. Delivery of our common units underlying vested deferral units is delayed until anticipated trading window periods to better facilitate the
participant’s liquidity to meet tax obligations. If the participant’s employment is terminated for cause, the participant’s undelivered deferral units (vested and unvested) will be immediately forfeited. Upon a change in control or
termination of the participant’s employment because of death, any undelivered deferral units (vested and unvested) will become immediately deliverable. Unvested bonus deferral awards in respect of 2014 and subsequent years will be forfeited
upon resignation, will immediately vest and be delivered if the participant’s employment is terminated without cause or because of disability and, in connection with a qualifying retirement, will continue to vest and be delivered over the
applicable deferral period, subject to forfeiture if the participant violates any applicable provision of his or her employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity (as such term is defined in the Deferred Compensation Plan).  
 The 276,309 and 20,767 deferred restricted common units granted under the Deferred Compensation Plan to Mr. Gray and Mr. Chae,
respectively, in 2017 for 2016 performance vested 33.3% on January 1, 2018 and 33.3% on  
      247
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
January 1, 2019 and vest 33.4% on January 1, 2020. The 172,788 and 793 deferred restricted common units granted under the Deferred Compensation Plan to Mr. Gray and Mr. Chae,
respectively, in 2018 for 2017 performance vested 33.3% on January 1, 2019 and vest 33.3% on January 1, 2020 and 33.4% on January 1, 2021. The 46,814 deferred restricted common units granted under the Deferred Compensation Plan to
Mr. Gray in 2016 for 2015 performance vested 33.3% on each of January 1, 2017 and January 1, 2018 and vest 33.3% on January 1, 2019. The 43,752 deferred restricted common units granted under the Deferred Compensation Plan to
Mr. Chae in 2019 for 2018 performance vest 33.3% on January 1, 2020, 33.3.% on January 1, 2021 and 33.4% on January 1, 2022.    Potential Payments Upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control  
 Upon a change of control event where any person (other than a person approved by our general partner) becomes our general partner or a
termination of employment because of death or disability, any unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or unvested deferred restricted common units held by any of our named executive officers will automatically be deemed
vested as of immediately prior to such occurrence of such change of control or such termination of employment. Had such a change of control or such a termination of employment occurred on December 31, 2018, the last business day of 2018, each
of our named executive officers would have vested in the following numbers of deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and deferred restricted common units, having the following values based on our closing market price of $29.81 per
Blackstone common unit on December 31, 2018, other than the deferred restricted common units granted to Mr. Chae in 2019 in respect of 2018 performance, which are valued as of the date of their grant: Messrs. Schwarzman and James had no
outstanding unvested units at December 31, 2018; Mr. Gray — 372,599 deferred restricted common units with an aggregate value of $11,107,176 and Mr. Chae — 981,883 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and
58,389 deferred restricted common units with an aggregate value of $31,105,013. In addition, the Deferred Compensation Plan provides that upon a change in control or termination of the participant’s employment because of death, any fully vested
but undelivered deferred restricted common units will become immediately deliverable.    In connection with a named executive
officer’s termination of employment due to qualifying retirement, 50% of such units will continue to vest and be delivered over the vesting period, subject to forfeiture if the named executive officer violates any applicable provision of his
employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity (as such term is defined in the applicable award agreement). (See  “Non-Competition  and  Non-Solicitation 
Agreements — Retirement.”) As of December 31, 2018, Mr. James was retirement eligible. Mr. James had no outstanding unvested units at December 31, 2018.  
 Upon a termination of Mr. Gray’s and Mr. Chae’s employment without cause, the deferred restricted common units
granted to them under the Deferred Compensation Plan in respect of 2018, 2017 and 2016, as applicable, will become fully vested. Had such a termination of employment occurred on December 31, 2018, the last business day of 2018, each of
Mr. Gray and Mr. Chae would have vested in the following numbers of deferred restricted common units, respectively, having the following values based on our closing market price of $29.81 per Blackstone common unit on December 31,
2018, other than the deferred restricted common units granted to Mr. Chae in 2019 in respect of 2018 performance, which are valued as of the date of their grant: Mr. Gray — 372,599 deferred restricted common units with an aggregate
value of $11,107,176 and Mr. Chae — 58,389 deferred restricted common units with a value of $1,835,080.    In
addition, except as described below, unvested carried interest in our carry funds is generally forfeited upon termination of employment. Upon the death or disability of any named executive officer who participates in the carried interest of our
carry funds, the named executive officer will be deemed 100% vested in any unvested portion of carried interest in our carry funds. Furthermore, any named executive officer that is retirement eligible will automatically vest in 50% of their
otherwise unvested carried interest allocation upon retirement. (See  “— Non-Competition  and  Non-Solicitation  Agreements — Retirement.”).
 
      248
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  In addition, pursuant to Mr. Schwarzman’s amended and restated founding
member agreement described above under “Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2018 — Schwarzman Founding Member Agreement,” following retirement and for the remainder of his life,
Mr. Schwarzman will be provided with specified retirement benefits, including a car and driver, retention of his current office, administrative support and annual home and personal security benefits. The value of such retirement benefits is
estimated at approximately $885,000 per year based on 2018 costs. We have not assigned a value to the entitlements of Mr. Schwarzman and his estate and related entities to receive carried interest in new funds or to invest in our investment
funds fee free following his termination of service as such value cannot be reasonably estimated. We anticipate that any incremental cost to us with respect to the other personal benefits to which Mr. Schwarzman is entitled following his
retirement will be de minimis.    Withdrawal Agreement with J. Tomilson Hill  
 Effective December 31, 2018, Mr. Hill resigned from his position as a director and Vice Chairman of our general partner. In
connection with his resignation, Mr. Hill entered into a withdrawal agreement with us on October 2, 2018. Under the terms of the withdrawal agreement, Mr. Hill agreed to enter into a general release of claims in favor of Blackstone
and its related parties and affirmed his  non-competition,   non-solicitation,   non-disparagement  and confidentiality covenants
contained in his  non-Competition  and  non-solicitation  agreement, subject to certain limited exceptions and clarifications. All payments and benefits are subject to
Mr. Hill’s timely execution and  non-revocation  of the release and compliance with these restrictive covenants.    Under the terms of the withdrawal agreement, Mr. Hill was entitled to receive total target annual cash compensation of $7,500,000 for 2018, subject to his continued service through December 31,
2018 and satisfaction of his transition responsibilities. Mr. Hill’s resignation constituted a “qualifying retirement” for purposes of his deferred restricted common units (all of which were already considered vested but
undelivered as a result of retirement eligibility at the time of grant), his deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and his carried interest awards and, as such, subject to his continued compliance with the terms of the withdrawal
agreement and his  non-competition   non-solicitation  agreement (as modified by the withdrawal agreement), all of his deemed vested but undelivered deferred restricted
common units will be delivered over the applicable deferral period, 50% of his deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units will be delivered on the original vesting dates and he will remain eligible to vest in 50% of his carried
interest awards. In addition, pursuant to the terms of Mr. Hill’s withdrawal agreement, we agreed to modify the terms of Mr. Hill’s outstanding unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and carried
interest awards to allow him to remain eligible to vest in the remaining 50% of such awards that otherwise would have been forfeited in connection with his resignation from the firm, subject to his continued compliance with the terms of the
withdrawal agreement and his  non-competition   non-solicitation  agreement (as modified by the withdrawal agreement). Accordingly, 100% of Mr. Hill’s unvested
deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units 352,169 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units with a value of $10,498,158 were considered vested and undelivered as of his December 31, 2018 resignation date.
   The withdrawal agreement also provides for Mr. Hill to receive a fully vested profit sharing percentage of 4% for all
investments made by the Blackstone Strategic Capital Holdings (“BSCH”) fund that closed prior to December 31, 2018, additional awards of up to 2.5% of the total “carry dollars” (as defined in the withdrawal agreement)
created on new investments by the BSCH fund in which Mr. Hill has material involvement and 2% of the carry proceeds realized by Blackstone Capital Partners VI from its investment in First Eagle Investment Management. Mr. Hill will also
remain eligible to participate in Blackstone’s  side-by-side  or similar investment programs for 5 years following his resignation, in some cases without being
subject to performance or management fees (but subject to an administrative charge) and subject to certain terms and conditions as further described in the withdrawal agreement. We have not assigned a value to the entitlements of Mr. Hill to
receive carried interest in new funds or to invest in our investment funds fee free following his termination of service as such value cannot be reasonably estimated.  
      249
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Non-Competition  and
 Non-Solicitation  Agreements    Upon the consummation of our initial public offering,
we entered into a  non-competition  and  non-solicitation  agreement with our founder, our other senior managing directors, most of our other professional employees and
specified senior administrative personnel to whom we refer collectively as “Contracting Employees.” Contracting Employees who have joined the firm after our initial public offering have also executed
 non-competition  and  non-solicitation  agreements. The following are descriptions of the material terms of each such
 non-competition  and  non-solicitation  agreement. With the exception of the few differences noted in the description below, the terms of each  non-competition  and  non-solicitation  agreement are generally in relevant part similar.    Full-Time Commitment.  Each Contracting Employee agrees to devote substantially all of his or her business time, skill, energies and attention to his or her responsibilities at Blackstone in a
diligent manner. Our founder Mr. Schwarzman has agreed that our business will be his principal business pursuit and that he will devote such time and attention to the business of the firm as may be reasonably requested by us.  
 Confidentiality.  Each Contracting Employee is required, whether during or after his or her employment with us, to protect and only
use “confidential information” in accordance with strict restrictions placed by us on its use and disclosure. (Every employee of ours is subject to similar strict confidentiality obligations imposed by our Code of Conduct applicable to all
Blackstone personnel.)    Notice of Termination.  Each Contracting Employee is required to give us prior written notice of
his or her intention to leave our employ — six months in the case of Mr. Schwarzman, 90 days for all of our other senior managing directors and between 30 and 60 days in the case of all other Contracting Employees.  
 Garden Leave.  Upon his or her voluntary departure from our firm, a Contracting Employee is required to take a prescribed period of
“garden leave.” The period of garden leave is 90 days for our  non-founding  senior managing directors and between 30 and 60 days for all other Contracting Employees. During this period the Contracting
Employee will continue to receive some of his or her Blackstone compensation and benefits, but is prohibited from commencing employment with a new employer until the garden leave period has expired. The period of garden leave for each Contracting
Employee will run coterminously with the  non-competition  Restricted Period that applies to him or her as described below. Our founder Mr. Schwarzman is subject to
 non-competition  covenants but not garden leave requirements.    Non-Competition.  During the term of employment of each Contracting Employee, and during the Restricted Period (as such term is defined below) immediately thereafter, he or she will not, directly or indirectly:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   engage in any business activity in which we operate, including any competitive business,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   render any services to any competitive business, or      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   acquire a financial interest in or become actively involved with any competitive business (other than as a passive investor holding minimal percentages
of the stock of public companies).    “Competitive business” means any business that competes, during the term of
employment through the date of termination, with our business, including any businesses that we are actively considering conducting at the time of the Contracting Employee’s termination of employment, so long as he or she knows or reasonably
should have known about such plans, in any geographical or market area where we or our affiliates provide our products or services.    Non-Solicitation.  During the term of employment of each Contracting Employee, and during the Restricted Period immediately thereafter, he or she will not,
directly or indirectly, in any manner solicit any of our employees to leave their employment with us, or hire any such employee who was employed by us as of the date of his or her termination or who left employment with us within one year prior to
or after the date of his or her termination. Additionally, each Contracting Employee may not solicit or encourage to cease to work with us any consultant or senior advisers that he or she knows or should know is under contract with us.  
      250
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  In addition, during the term of employment of each Contracting Employee, and during the
Restricted Period immediately thereafter, he or she will not, directly or indirectly, in any manner solicit the business of any client or prospective client of ours with whom he or she, employees reporting to him or her, or anyone whom he or she had
direct or indirect responsibility over had personal contact or dealings on our behalf during the three-year period immediately preceding his or her termination. Contracting Employees who are employed in our asset management businesses are subject to
a similar  non-solicitation  covenant with respect to investors and prospective investors in our investment funds.    Non-Interference  and  Non-Disparagement.  During the term of employment of each Contracting Employee, and during the
Restricted Period immediately thereafter, he or she may not interfere with business relationships between us and any of our clients, customers, suppliers or partners. Each Contracting Employee is also prohibited from disparaging us in any way.
   Restricted Period.  For purposes of the foregoing covenants, the “Restricted Period” will be:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Covenant 
    
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
   Other Senior Managing Directors 
    
   Other Contracting Employees 


 
   Non-competition 
    
 Two years after termination of employment. 
    
 One year (six months for senior managing directors who are eligible to retire, as defined below) after termination of employment (which may be extended to 18 months in
Blackstone’s sole discretion). 
    
 Between 90 days and nine months after termination of employment. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Non-solicitation  of Blackstone employees 
    
 Two years after termination of employment. 
    
 Two years after termination of employment. 
    
 Generally one year after termination of employment. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Non-solicitation  of Blackstone clients or investors 
    
 Two years after termination of employment. 
    
 One year after termination of employment (which may be extended to 18 months in Blackstone’s sole discretion). 
    
 Generally between six months and one year after termination of employment. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Non-interference  with business relationships 
    
 Two years after termination of employment. 
    
 One year after termination of employment (which may be extended to 18 months in Blackstone’s sole discretion). 
    
 Generally between six months and one year after termination of employment. 
   For individuals (other than Mr. Schwarzman) who became senior managing directors prior to
January 1, 2018, the Restricted Period for the  non-competition,   non-solicitation  of Blackstone clients or investors and
 non-interference  with business relationships covenants is one year after termination of employment (or six months for those who are eligible to retire, as defined below).  
 Retirement . Blackstone personnel are eligible to retire if they have satisfied either of the following tests: (a) one has
reached the age of 65 and has at least five full years of service with our firm; or (b) generally one has reached the age of 55 and has at least five full years of service with our firm and the sum of his or her age plus years of service with
our firm totals at least 65.  
      251
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Intellectual Property . Each Contracting Employee is subject to customary
intellectual property covenants with respect to works created, invented, designed or developed by him or her that are relevant to or implicated by his or her employment with us.  
 Specific Performance . In the case of any breach of the confidentiality,  non-competition,   non-solicitation,   non-interference,   non-disparagement  or intellectual property provisions by a Contracting Employee, the breaching
individual agrees that we will be entitled to seek equitable relief in the form of specific performance, restraining orders, injunctions or other equitable remedies.    Pay Ratio Disclosure    As required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and Item 402(u) of Regulation  S-K,  we are providing the following information regarding the ratio of the annual total compensation for our principal
executive officer to the median of the annual total compensation of all our employees (other than our principal executive officer) (the “CEO Pay Ratio”). Our CEO Pay Ratio is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with
Item 402(u). However, due to the flexibility afforded by Item 402(u) in calculating the CEO Pay Ratio, our CEO Pay Ratio may not be comparable to the CEO pay ratios presented by other companies.  
 As of December 31, 2018, we employed approximately 2,615 people, including our 147 senior managing directors. We identified our
median employee using our global employee population as of December 31, 2018. To identify our median employee, we used annual base salary and bonuses earned in 2018. We believe this consistently applied compensation measure reasonably reflects
annual compensation across our employee base. Application of our consistently applied compensation measure identified six employees with the same total annual base salary and cash bonus earned in 2018. We identified our median employee from among
these employees by reviewing the components of their annual total compensation and selecting the employee whose title, tenure and compensation characteristics most accurately reflected the compensation of a typical employee. After identifying our
median employee, we calculated the median employee’s annual total compensation in accordance with the requirements of the Summary Compensation Table. For 2018, the annual total compensation for Mr. Schwarzman, our principal executive
officer, was $69,147,028 and our median employee’s annual total compensation was $224,029. Accordingly, annual total compensation of our principal executive officer was approximately three hundred and nine times the annual total compensation of
our median employee.    Director Compensation in 2018    No additional remuneration is paid to our employees for services as a director of our general partner. In 2018, each of our  non-employee  directors received an
annual cash retainer of $150,000 and a grant of deferred restricted common units equivalent in value to $150,000, with a grant date fair value determined as described in footnote (a) to the first table below. An additional $30,000 annual cash
retainer was paid to the Chairman of the Audit Committee during 2018. An additional $25,000 annual cash retainer was paid to Mr. Light in connection with his service on the executive committee of The Blackstone Group International Partners LLP.
   In 2018, our Board of Directors reviewed our  non-employee  director compensation,
which has remained unchanged since 2013, and determined it was appropriate to make a moderate increase in the annual compensation payable to our  non-employee  directors. Accordingly, beginning in 2019, each of
our  non-employee  directors will receive an annual retainer of $360,000, $150,000 of which will continue to be paid in cash and the remainder of which will be paid in the form of a grant of deferred restricted
common units equivalent in value to $210,000. The deferred restricted common units will continue to vest on the first anniversary of the date of the grant. An additional $40,000 annual retainer will be paid to the Chairman of the Audit Committee,
$30,000 of which will be paid in cash and the remainder of which of will be paid in the form of deferred restricted common units equivalent in value to $10,000 and with the same vesting terms as the other deferred restricted common units. An
additional $50,000 annual cash retainer will be paid to Mr. Light in connection with his service on the executive committee of The Blackstone Group International Partners LLP.  
      252
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following table provides the director compensation for our directors for 2018:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
   
    
 Stock Awards (a) (b) 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Bennett J. Goodman (c) 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   James W. Breyer 
    
 $ 
 150,000 
   
    
 $ 
 149,854 
   
    
 $ 
 299,854 
   
 
   Peter T. Grauer (d) 
    
 $ 
 37,500 
   
    
 $ 
 292,114 
   
    
 $ 
 329,614 
   
 
   Sir John Hood 
    
 $ 
 94,758 
   
    
 $ 
 148,978 
   
    
 $ 
 243,736 
   
 
   Rochelle B. Lazarus 
    
 $ 
 150,000 
   
    
 $ 
 149,112 
   
    
 $ 
 299,112 
   
 
   Jay O. Light 
    
 $ 
 175,000 
   
    
 $ 
 150,420 
   
    
 $ 
 325,420 
   
 
   The Right Honorable Brian Mulroney 
    
 $ 
 150,000 
   
    
 $ 
 150,262 
   
    
 $ 
 300,262 
   
 
   William G. Parrett 
    
 $ 
 180,000 
   
    
 $ 
 148,196 
   
    
 $ 
 328,196 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   The references to “stock” in this table refer to our deferred restricted common units. Amounts for 2018 represent the grant date
fair value of stock awards granted in the year, computed in accordance with GAAP, pertaining to equity-based compensation. The assumptions used in determining the grant date fair value are set forth in Note 16. “Equity-Based Compensation”
in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” These deferred restricted common units vest, and the underlying Blackstone common units will be
delivered, on the first anniversary of the date of the grant, subject to the outside director’s continued service on the board of directors of our general partner. The amount reported for Mr. Grauer also includes the incremental fair
value, computed in accordance with GAAP, with respect to the accelerated vesting of his 2018 deferred restricted common unit award (see footnote (d) below).  
 
 
 (b) 
   Each of our  non-employee  directors was granted deferred restricted common units upon appointment as a
director. In 2018, in connection with the anniversary of his initial grant, each of the following directors was granted deferred restricted common units: Ms. Lazarus — 4,247 units;
Mr. Light — 4,008 units; Mr. Mulroney — 4,632 units; Mr. Parrett — 4,360 units; Mr. Grauer — 4,101; and Mr. Breyer — 4,256. In addition,
Mr. Hood was granted 4,778 common units upon his appointment as a director in 2018. The amounts of our  non-employee  directors’ compensation were approved by the board of directors of our general
partner upon the recommendation of our founder following his review of directors’ compensation paid by comparable companies.    The following table provides information regarding outstanding unvested equity awards made to our directors as of December 31, 2018:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Stock Awards (1) 
   
 
   Name 
    
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
   
    
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (2) 
   


 
   James W. Breyer 
    
   
 4,256 
   
    
 $ 
 126,871 
   
 
   Peter T. Grauer 
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Sir John Hood 
    
   
 4,778 
   
    
 $ 
 142,432 
   
 
   Rochelle B. Lazarus 
    
   
 4,247 
   
    
 $ 
 126,603 
   
 
   Jay O. Light 
    
   
 4,008 
   
    
 $ 
 119,478 
   
 
   The Right Honorable Brian Mulroney 
    
   
 4,632 
   
    
 $ 
 138,080 
   
 
   William G. Parrett 
    
   
 4,360 
   
    
 $ 
 129,972 
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
   The references to “stock” or “shares” in this table refer to our deferred restricted common units.
 
 
 
   
 (2) 
   The dollar amounts shown in this column were calculated by multiplying the number of unvested deferred restricted common units held by the
director by the closing market price of $29.81 per Blackstone common unit on December 31, 2018, the last trading day of 2018.  
      253
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 (c) 
   Mr. Goodman is an employee and no additional remuneration is paid to him for his service as a director of our general partner.
Mr. Goodman’s employee compensation is discussed in “— Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.”  
 
 
 (d) 
   Mr. Grauer resigned from the board of directors of our general partner effective January 30, 2018. In connection with his departure
and in recognition of his years of service to Blackstone, the board of directors of our general partner determined that it was appropriate to fully vest his 2018 deferred restricted common unit award granted on January 26, 2018. The decision to
vest his 2018 deferred restricted common unit award was accounted for as a modification for financial statement reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP and the amount reported in the “Stock Awards” column for 2018 for Mr. Grauer
includes the incremental fair value, computed as of the February 26, 2018 modification date in accordance with GAAP, with respect to the modified award.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 12. 
   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  
 The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership
Units as of February 22, 2019 by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   each person known to us to beneficially own 5% of any class of the outstanding voting securities of The Blackstone Group L.P.;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   each member of our general partner’s board of directors;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   each of the named executive officers of our general partner; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   all directors and executive officers of our general partner as a group.  
 The amounts and percentage of units beneficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing the determination of
beneficial ownership of securities. Under the rules of the SEC, a person is deemed to be a “beneficial owner” of a security if that person has or shares “voting power,” which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of
such security, or “investment power,” which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has a right to acquire
beneficial ownership within 60 days of February 22, 2019. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed a beneficial owner of securities as to which he has no economic
interest. Except as indicated by footnote, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all units shown as beneficially owned by  
      254
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
them, subject to community property laws where applicable. Unless otherwise included, for purposes of this table, the principal business address for each such person is c/o The Blackstone Group
L.P., 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Common Units, Beneficially Owned 
   
    
 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units Beneficially Owned (a) 
   
 
   Name of Beneficial Owner 
    
 Number 
   
    
 % of Class 
   
    
 Number 
   
    
 % of Class 
   


 
   5% Unitholders: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   None 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Directors and Executive Officers (b)(c) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman (d)(e) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 231,924,793 
   
    
   
 47.0 
 %  
 
   Hamilton E. James (e) 
    
   
 20,497 
   
    
   
 * 
   
    
   
 30,380,300 
   
    
   
 6.2 
 %  
 
   J. Tomilson Hill (e)(f) 
    
   
 2,873,884 
   
    
   
 * 
   
    
   
 13,740,188 
   
    
   
 2.8 
 %  
 
   Bennett J. Goodman (e)(f) 
    
   
 357,092 
   
    
   
 * 
   
    
   
 4,890,345 
   
    
   
 1.0 
 %  
 
   Jonathan D. Gray (e) 
    
   
 288,616 
   
    
   
 * 
   
    
   
 40,585,300 
   
    
   
 8.2 
 %  
 
   Michael S. Chae (e) 
    
   
 14,110 
   
    
   
 * 
   
    
   
 5,831,432 
   
    
   
 1.2 
 %  
 
   James W. Breyer 
    
   
 10,369 
   
    
   
 * 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Rochelle B. Lazarus 
    
   
 38,293 
   
    
   
 * 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Jay O. Light 
    
   
 54,505 
   
    
   
 * 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   The Right Honorable Brian Mulroney 
    
   
 160,092 
   
    
   
 * 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   William G. Parrett 
    
   
 80,543 
   
    
   
 * 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   All executive officers and directors as a group (14 persons) 
    
   
 4,196,371 
   
    
   
 * 
   
    
   
 328,138,241 
   
    
   
 66.6 
 %  
     
 
 
 * 
   Less than one percent  
 
 
 (a) 
   Subject to certain requirements and restrictions, the partnership units of Blackstone Holdings are exchangeable for common units of The
Blackstone Group L.P. on a  one-for-one  basis. A Blackstone Holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the five Blackstone Holdings
Partnerships to effect an exchange for a common unit. See “Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence — Exchange Agreement.” Beneficial ownership of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units
reflected in this table has not been also reflected as beneficial ownership of the common units of The Blackstone Group L.P. for which such units may be exchanged.  
 
 
 (b) 
   The units beneficially owned by the directors and executive officers reflected above do not include the following number of units that will be
delivered to the respective individual more than 60 days after February 22, 2019: Mr. Hill — 61,853 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and 160,605 deferred restricted common units;
Mr. Chae — 981,883 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and 51,202 deferred restricted common units; Mr. Goodman — 2,554,151 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units;
Mr. Gray — 207,295 deferred restricted common units; Mr. Mulroney — 4,632 deferred restricted common units; Mr. Parrett — 4,360 deferred restricted common units;
Ms. Lazarus — 4,247 deferred restricted common units; Mr. Light — 4,008 deferred restricted common units; Mr. Breyer — 4,256 deferred restricted common units;
Mr. Hood — 4,778 deferred restricted common units; and all other executive officers and directors as a group — 333,364 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and 220,485 deferred restricted
common units.  
 
 
 (c) 
   The Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units shown in the table above include the following number of vested units being held back under our
minimum retained ownership requirements: Mr. Schwarzman — 44,576,523 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units; Mr. James — 14,648,744 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units;
Mr. Hill — 2,444,332 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units; Mr. Goodman — 1,204,264 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units; Mr. Gray — 11,477,971 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units;
Mr. Chae — 3,182,160 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units; and all other executive officers and directors as a group — 274,202 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.  
 
 
 (d) 
   On those few matters that may be submitted for a vote of the limited partners of The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Partners L.L.C., an
entity wholly owned by our senior managing directors, holds a special voting  
      255
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 
unit in The Blackstone Group L.P. that provides it with an aggregate number of votes on any matter that may be submitted for a vote of our common unitholders that is equal to the aggregate number
of vested and unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings on the relevant record date and entitles it to participate in the vote on the same basis as our common unitholders. Our senior managing
directors have agreed in the limited liability company agreement of Blackstone Partners L.L.C. that our founder, Mr. Schwarzman, will have the power to determine how the special voting unit held by Blackstone Partners L.L.C. will be voted.
Following the withdrawal, death or disability of Mr. Schwarzman (and any successor founder), this power will revert to the members of Blackstone Partners L.L.C. holding a majority in interest in that entity. The limited liability company
agreement of Blackstone Partners L.L.C. provides that at such time as Mr. Schwarzman should cease to be a founding member, Jonathan D. Gray will thereupon succeed Mr. Schwarzman as the sole founding member of Blackstone Partners L.L.C. If
Blackstone Partners L.L.C. directs us to do so, we will issue special voting units to each of the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings, whereupon each special voting unitholder will be entitled to a number of votes that is equal to the number of
vested and unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by such special voting unitholder on the relevant record date.  
 
 
 (e) 
   The Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units shown in the table above for such named executive officers and directors include (a) the
following units held for the benefit of family members with respect to which the named executive officer or director, as applicable, disclaims beneficial ownership: Mr. Schwarzman —1,666,666 units held in various trusts for which
Mr. Schwarzman is the investment trustee, Mr. James — 10,657,207 units held in various trusts for which Mr. James and his brother are trustees (but Mr. James does not have or share investment control with respect
to the units), Mr. Hill — 5,636,348 units held in various trusts for which Mr. Hill’s spouse is the investment trustee and 2,683,308 units held in a family limited liability company,
Mr. Chae — 1,150,070 units held in a trust for which Mr. Chae is the investment trustee and Mr. Gray — 9,716,084 units held in a trust for which Mr. Gray is the investment trustee (b) the
following units held in grantor retained annuity trusts for which the named executive officer or director, as applicable, is the investment trustee: Mr. Schwarzman — 3,178,116 units and Mr. Gray — 17,869,410
units, and (c) the following units held by a corporation for which the named executive officer is a controlling shareholder: Mr. Schwarzman — 1,438,529 units and Mr. Goodman — 1,737,550 units owned by
family limited liability companies. Mr. Schwarzman also directly, or through a corporation for which he is the controlling shareholder, beneficially owns an additional 364,278 partnership units in each of Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone
Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. In addition, with respect to Mr. Schwarzman, the above table excludes partnership units of Blackstone Holdings held by his children or in trusts for the benefit of his family as to which he has
no voting or investment control.  
 
 
 (f) 
   The Blackstone common units shown in the table above for each named executive officer and director include the following units held for the
benefit of family members with respect to which the named executive officer or director, as applicable, disclaims beneficial ownership: Mr. James — 20,497 units held in a family limited liability company,
Mr. Hill — 1,698,442 units held in family limited liability companies and Mr. Goodman — 357,092 units held in family limited liability companies.  
      256
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans  
 The table set forth below provides information concerning the awards that may be issued under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan as of
December 31, 2018:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding
Options, Warrants and Rights (a) 
   
    
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price
of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
   
    
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for
Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (b) 
   


 
   Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 
    
   
 53,169,201 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 159,188,666 
   
 
   Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 53,169,201 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 159,188,666 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Reflects the outstanding number of our deferred restricted common units and deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted
under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2018.  
 
 
 (b) 
   The aggregate number of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units covered by the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan is increased on
the first day of each fiscal year during its term by a number of units equal to the positive difference, if any, of (a) 15% of the aggregate number of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units outstanding on the last day of the
immediately preceding fiscal year (excluding Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by The Blackstone Group L.P. or its wholly owned subsidiaries) minus (b) the aggregate number of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units
covered by the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan as of such date (unless the administrator of the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan should decide to increase the number of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units covered by the plan by a lesser
amount). As of January 1, 2019, pursuant to this formula, 171,502,746 units, which is equal to 0.15 times the number of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units outstanding on December 31, 2018, were available for
issuance under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan. We have filed a registration statement and intend to file additional registration statements on Form  S-8  under the Securities Act to register common units covered
by the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (including pursuant to automatic annual increases). Any such Form  S-8  registration statement will automatically become effective upon filing. Accordingly, common units
registered under such registration statement will be available for sale in the open market.      
 
 
 ITEM 13. 
   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  
 Transactions with Related Persons  
 Tax Receivable Agreements    We used a portion of the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of  non-voting  common units to Beijing Wonderful Investments to purchase interests in the predecessor
businesses from the  pre-IPO  owners. In addition, holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (other than The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries), subject to the vesting and minimum
retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings partnerships, may up to four times each year (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange their Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units for The Blackstone Group L.P. common units on a  one-for-one  basis. A Blackstone Holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in
each of the Blackstone Holdings partnerships to effect an exchange for a common unit. Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and Blackstone Holdings II L.P. have made an election under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code effective for each taxable
year in which an exchange of partnership units for common units occurs, which may result in an adjustment to the tax basis of the assets of such Blackstone Holdings partnerships at the time of an exchange of
 
      257
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
partnership units. The purchase and subsequent exchanges are expected to result in increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings that otherwise would not
have been available. These increases in tax basis may increase (for tax purposes) depreciation and amortization and therefore reduce the amount of tax that certain of Blackstone’s wholly owned subsidiaries that are taxable as corporations for
U.S. federal income purposes would otherwise be required to pay in the future. One of the subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. which is a corporate taxpayer has entered into a tax receivable agreement with holders of Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units that provides for the payment by the corporate taxpayer to such holders of 85% of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that the corporate taxpayers actually realize (or are deemed to
realize in the case of an early termination payment by the corporate taxpayers or a change in control, as discussed below) as a result of these increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to our entering into tax receivable
agreements, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. Additional tax receivable agreements have been executed, and will continue to be executed, with newly-admitted Blackstone senior managing directors and
certain others who acquire Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. This payment obligation is an obligation of the corporate taxpayer and not of Blackstone Holdings. The corporate taxpayers expect to benefit from the remaining 15% of cash savings, if
any, in income tax that they realize. For purposes of the tax receivable agreement, cash savings in income tax will be computed by comparing the actual income tax liability of the corporate taxpayers to the amount of such taxes that the corporate
taxpayer would have been required to pay had there been no increase to the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings as a result of the exchanges and had the corporate taxpayers not entered into the tax receivable
agreement. A limited partner of Blackstone Holdings may also elect to exchange his or her Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units in a  tax-free  transaction where the limited partner is making a charitable
contribution. In such a case, the exchange will not result in an increase in the tax basis of the assets of Blackstone Holdings and no payments will be made under the tax receivable agreement. The term of the tax receivable agreement commenced upon
consummation of our IPO and will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired, unless the corporate taxpayers exercise their right to terminate the tax receivable agreement for an amount based on the agreed payments remaining
to be made under the agreement.    Assuming no future material changes in the relevant tax law and that the corporate taxpayers
earn sufficient taxable income to realize the full tax benefit of the increased amortization of the assets, the expected future payments under the tax receivable agreement (which are taxable to the recipients) in respect of the purchase and
exchanges will aggregate $796.9 million over the next 15 years. The  after-tax  net present value of these estimated payments totals $309.2 million assuming a 15% discount rate and using an estimate of
timing of the benefit to be received. Future payments under the tax receivable agreement in respect of subsequent exchanges would be in addition to these amounts. The payments under the tax receivable agreement are not conditioned upon continued
ownership of Blackstone equity interests by the  pre-IPO  owners and the others mentioned above.    Subsequent to December 31, 2018, payments totaling $87.3 million were made to certain  pre-IPO  owners and others mentioned above in accordance with the tax
receivable agreement and related to tax benefits the Partnership received for the 2016 and 2017 taxable years. Those payments included payments of $11.2 million to Stephen A. Schwarzman and investment vehicles controlled by relatives of
Mr. Schwarzman; $2.8 million to Hamilton E. James and a trust for which Mr. James is the investment trustee; $1.2 million to J. Tomilson Hill and his trusts for which Mr. Hill is the investment trustee; $0.7 million to
Michael S. Chae and $0.2 million to Bennett J. Goodman and a limited liability company controlled by a family member of Mr. Goodman.    In addition, the tax receivable agreement provides that upon certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control, the corporate taxpayers’ (or their
successors’) obligations with respect to exchanged or acquired units (whether exchanged or acquired before or after such transaction) would be based on certain assumptions, including that the corporate taxpayers would have sufficient taxable
income to fully utilize the benefits arising from the increased tax deductions and tax basis and other similar benefits. Upon a subsequent actual exchange, any additional increase in tax deductions, tax basis and other similar benefits in excess of
the amounts assumed at the change in control will also result in payments under the tax receivable agreement.  
      258
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Decisions we make in the course of running our business, such as with respect to
mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes in control, may influence the timing and amount of payments that are received by an exchanging or selling holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, under the tax
receivable agreement. For example, the earlier disposition of assets following an exchange or acquisition transaction will generally accelerate payments under a tax receivable agreement and increase the present value of such payments, and the
disposition of assets before an exchange or acquisition transaction will increase the tax liability of a holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units without giving rise to any rights of a holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to
receive payments under any tax receivable agreements.    Although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the IRS to
challenge a tax basis increase, the corporate taxpayers will not be reimbursed for any payments previously made under a tax receivable agreement. As a result, in certain circumstances, payments could be made under a tax receivable agreement in
excess of the corporate taxpayers’ cash tax savings.    Registration Rights Agreement  
 In connection with the restructuring and IPO, we entered into a registration rights agreement with our
 pre-IPO  owners pursuant to which we granted them, their affiliates and certain of their transferees the right, under certain circumstances and subject to certain restrictions, to require us to register under
the Securities Act common units delivered in exchange for Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or common units (and other securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our common units) otherwise held by them. In addition,
newly-admitted Blackstone senior managing directors and certain others who acquire Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units have subsequently become parties to the registration rights agreement. Under the registration rights agreement, we agreed to
register the exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for common units by our holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. In June 2008, we filed a registration statement on Form  S-3  with the
Securities and Exchange Commission to cover future issuances from time to time of up to 818,008,105 common units to holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units upon exchange of up to an equal number of such Blackstone Holdings Partnership
Units. In addition, our founder, Stephen A. Schwarzman, has the right to request that we register the sale of common units held by holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units an unlimited number of times and may require us to make available
shelf registration statements permitting sales of common units into the market from time to time over an extended period. In addition, Mr. Schwarzman has the ability to exercise certain piggyback registration rights in respect of common units
held by holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units in connection with registered offerings requested by other registration rights holders or initiated by us.    Tsinghua University Education Foundation    As part of an initiative
announced in 2013, Mr. Schwarzman, through the Stephen A. Schwarzman Education Foundation, personally committed $100 million to create and endow a post-graduate scholarship program at Tsinghua University in Beijing, entitled
“Schwarzman Scholars,” and fund the construction of a residential and academic building. He is leading a fundraising campaign to raise $500 million to support the “Schwarzman Endowment Fund.” The Tsinghua University
Education Foundation (“TUEF”) will hold the Schwarzman Endowment Fund and has agreed to delegate management of the fund to Blackstone. We have agreed that TUEF, and certain entities affiliated with TUEF, will not be required to pay
Blackstone a management fee for managing the Schwarzman Endowment Fund and, to the extent Blackstone allocates and invests assets of the Schwarzman Endowment Fund in our funds, which may take the form of funded or unfunded general partner
commitments to our investment funds, we anticipate that such investments will be subject to reduced or waived management fees and/or carried interest.    Employment Agreement with Andrew Lapham    Andrew Lapham was an
Executive Advisor to Blackstone from April 17, 2014 through December 31, 2016. From January 1, 2017 through April 30, 2018, Mr. Lapham was an employee of Blackstone. Mr. Lapham is the
 
      259
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
 son-in-law  of Mr. Mulroney, who has been a member of the board of directors of our general partner since 2007.
For 2018, pursuant to the terms of his Employment Agreement, Mr. Lapham received a salary of CAD 155,000.  
 Mr. Lapham also participated in the performance fees of our funds, consisting of carried interest in our carry funds. The
compensation paid to Mr. Lapham in respect of carried interest in our carry funds related to Mr. Lapham’s participation in the private equity and tactical opportunities funds. The amount of cash payments in respect of carried interest
paid to Mr. Lapham for 2018 was $29,557.    Bennett J. Goodman  
 On February 24, 2015, Bennett J. Goodman was appointed to the board of directors of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., the general
partner of The Blackstone Group L.P. Mr. Goodman joined Blackstone in 2008 and is a Senior Managing Director and  Co-Founder  of GSO Capital Partners. For 2018, Mr. Goodman received a base salary of
$350,000 and an annual cash bonus payment of $3,529,612. The cash payment was based upon the performance of the Credit segment, including the contribution of all current and past funds within the segment. The ultimate cash payment to
Mr. Goodman was, however, determined in the discretion of Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray.    Mr. Goodman also
participated in the performance fees of our funds, consisting of carried interest in our carry funds and incentive fees in our funds that pay incentive fees. The compensation paid to Mr. Goodman in respect of carried interest in our carry funds
primarily relates to Mr. Goodman’s participation in the credit funds (which were formed both before and after the acquisition of GSO Capital Partners by Blackstone). The amount of cash payments in respect of carried interest or incentive
fee allocations to Mr. Goodman for 2018 was $7,909,072. See “Executive Compensation — Compensation Elements for Named Executive Officers” in this report for additional discussion of the elements of our compensation program.
   We recently amended Mr. Goodman’s existing agreements to provide for a new multiyear retention arrangement
consisting of a combination of cash, equity and carry opportunities. Under these arrangements, Mr. Goodman’s base salary will be no less than $350,000 and he will be entitled to certain minimum annual or
 pro-rated  cash bonus payments and carried interest and incentive fee allocations during his tenure. He also generally will fully vest in these carried interest and incentive fee allocations at the time of his
retirement from Blackstone. Moreover, we amended the vesting terms of Mr. Goodman’s outstanding deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units that were originally awarded in March 2015. Under the amended vesting terms (and
unless earlier terminated by us for cause), Mr. Goodman’s unvested units generally will continue to vest for up to eighteen additional months following his departure (based on a quarterly vesting cycle on the first day of January, April,
July and October of each year). To further enhance Mr. Goodman’s alignment with the firm, he will remain eligible to participate in Blackstone’s
 side-by-side  and similar investment programs for up to five years following his retirement, in some cases without being subject to management fees, carried interest or
incentive fees.    Blackstone Holdings Partnership Agreements    As a result of the reorganization and the IPO, The Blackstone Group L.P. became a holding partnership and, through wholly owned subsidiaries, held equity interests in the five holdings partnerships (i.e.,
Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and Blackstone Holdings V L.P.). On January 1, 2009, in order to simplify our structure and ease the related administrative
burden and costs, we effected an internal restructuring to reduce the number of holding partnerships from five to four by causing Blackstone Holdings III L.P. to transfer all of its assets and liabilities to Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. In connection
therewith, Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. was renamed Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings V L.P. was renamed Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. On October 1, 2015, Blackstone formed a new holding partnership, Blackstone Holdings AI L.P.,
which holds certain operating entities and operates in a manner similar to the other Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. The economic interests of The Blackstone Group L.P. in Blackstone’s business remains entirely unaffected. “Blackstone
Holdings” refers to (a) Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone  
      260
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and Blackstone Holdings V L.P. prior to the January 2009 reorganization, (b) Blackstone Holdings I L.P.,
Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. from January 1, 2009 through October 1, 2015 and (c) Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P.,
Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and Blackstone Holdings AI L.P. subsequent to the October 2015 creation of Blackstone Holdings AI L.P.    Wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. which are the general partners of those partnerships have the right to determine when distributions will be made to the partners of Blackstone
Holdings and the amount of any such distributions. If a distribution is authorized, such distribution will be made to the partners of Blackstone Holdings pro-rata in accordance with the percentages of their respective partnership interests as
described under “Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities — Cash Distribution Policy.”  
 Each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships has an identical number of partnership units outstanding, and we use the terms
“Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit” or “partnership unit in/of Blackstone Holdings” to refer, collectively, to a partnership unit in each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. The holders of partnership units in Blackstone
Holdings, including The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, will incur U.S. federal, state and local income taxes on their proportionate share of any net taxable income of Blackstone Holdings. Net profits and net losses of
Blackstone Holdings will generally be allocated to its partners (including The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries) pro-rata in accordance with the percentages of their respective partnership interests as described under
“Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities — Cash Distribution Policy.” The partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings
Partnerships provide for cash distributions, which we refer to as “tax distributions,” to the partners of such partnerships if the wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. which are the general partners of the Blackstone
Holdings Partnerships determine that the taxable income of the relevant partnership will give rise to taxable income for its partners. Generally, these tax distributions are computed based on our estimate of the net taxable income of the relevant
partnership allocable to a partner multiplied by an assumed tax rate equal to the highest effective marginal combined U.S. federal, state and local income tax rate prescribed for an individual or corporate resident in New York, New York (taking into
account the  non-deductibility  of certain expenses and the character of our income). Tax distributions are made only to the extent all distributions from such partnerships for the relevant year are insufficient
to cover such tax liabilities.    Subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions
set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units may be exchanged for The Blackstone Group L.P. common units as described under “— Exchange Agreement” below.
In addition, the Blackstone Holdings partnership agreements authorize the wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. which are the general partners of those partnerships to issue an unlimited number of additional partnership securities
of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, and which may be exchangeable for
our common units.    See “— Item 11. Executive Compensation — Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation
Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2018 — Terms of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units Granted in 2018 and Prior Years” for a discussion of vesting provisions applicable to Blackstone personnel in respect of the Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units received by them in the reorganization and for a discussion of minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions applicable to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. The generally applicable vesting and minimum
retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions are outlined in the sections referenced in the preceding sentence. There may be some different arrangements for some individuals in some instances. In addition, we may waive these
requirements and restrictions from time to time.    In addition, substantially all of our expenses, including substantially all
expenses solely incurred by or attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. but not including obligations incurred under the tax receivable agreement  
      261
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
by The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, income tax expenses of The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries and payments on indebtedness incurred by The
Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, are borne by Blackstone Holdings.    Exchange Agreement  
 In connection with the reorganization and IPO, we entered into an exchange agreement with the holders of partnership units in Blackstone
Holdings (other than The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries). In addition, newly-admitted Blackstone senior managing directors and certain others who acquire Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units have subsequently become parties
to the exchange agreement. Under the exchange agreement, subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, each such holder
of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (and certain transferees thereof) may up to four times each year (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange these partnership units for The Blackstone Group L.P. common units on a  one-for-one  basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for splits, unit distributions and reclassifications. Under the exchange agreement, to effect an exchange a
holder of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings must simultaneously exchange one partnership unit in each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. As a holder exchanges its Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, The Blackstone Group L.P.’s
indirect interest in the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships will be correspondingly increased.    Firm Use of Private Aircraft  
 Certain entities controlled by Mr. Schwarzman wholly own aircraft that we use for business purposes in the course of our operations.
Mr. Schwarzman paid for his respective ownership interests in the aircraft himself and bore his respective share of all operating, personnel and maintenance costs associated with their operation. The hourly payments we made for such use were
based on current market rates. In 2018, we made payments of $2.7 million for the use of such aircraft, which included $1.6 million paid directly to the managers of the aircraft.  
 An entity jointly controlled by Mr. James and another senior managing director of Blackstone wholly owns an airplane that we use for
business purposes in the course of our operations. Each of Mr. James and the other senior managing director of Blackstone paid for his respective ownership interest in the aircraft himself and bore his respective share of the operating,
personnel and maintenance costs associated with its operation. The hourly payments we made for such use were based on current market rates. In 2018, we made payments of $0.7 million to the manager of the aircraft for such use.  
 An entity controlled by Mr. Gray wholly owns an airplane that we use for business purposes in the course of our operations.
Mr. Gray paid for his ownership interest in the aircraft himself and bore his respective share of the operating, personnel and maintenance costs associated with its operation. The hourly payments we made for such use were based on current
market rates. In 2018, we made payments of $1.5 million for the use of such aircraft, which included $1.4 million paid directly to the manager of the aircraft for such use.  
 An entity controlled by Mr. Goodman, jointly with an entity controlled by a former senior managing director of Blackstone, owns an
airplane that we use for business purposes in the course of our operations. Mr. Goodman paid for his ownership interest in the aircraft himself and bore his respective share of the operating, personnel and maintenance costs associated with its
operation. The hourly payments we made for such use were based on current market rates. In 2018, we made payments of $0.9 million for the use of such aircraft, which included $0.7 million paid directly to the manager of the aircraft for
such use.    Investment in or Alongside Our Funds    Our directors and executive officers may invest their own capital in or alongside our carry funds and other of our investment vehicles without being subject to management fees, carried interest or
incentive fees. For our carry  
      262
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
funds, these investments may be made through the applicable fund general partner and fund a portion of the general partner capital commitments to our funds. In addition, our directors and
executive officers may invest their own capital in our funds of hedge funds and credit-focused funds that are structured as hedge funds, in some instances, not subject to management fees, carried interest or incentive fees. These investment
opportunities are available to all of our senior managing directors and to those of our employees whom we have determined to have a status that reasonably permits us to offer them these types of investments in compliance with applicable laws. During
the year ended December 31, 2018, our directors and executive officers (and, in some cases, certain investment trusts or other family vehicles or charitable organizations controlled by them or their immediate family members) had the following
gross contributions relating to their personal investments (and the investments of any such trusts) in Blackstone managed investment funds: Mr. James, Mr. Schwarzman, Mr. Gray, Mr. Goodman, Mr. Chae, Mr. Hill,
Mr. Breyer, Ms. Solotar, Mr. Finley, Mr. Light, Mr. Parrett and Mr. Mulroney made gross contributions of $365.1 million, $225.8 million, $40.5 million, $22.8 million, $6.8 million,
$6.7 million, $4.4 million, $3.0 million, $2.5 million, $0.4 million, $0.3 million and $0.1 million, respectively.    Statement of Policy Regarding Transactions with Related Persons    The board
of directors of our general partner has adopted a written statement of policy regarding transactions with related persons, which we refer to as our “related person policy.” Our related person policy requires that a “related
person” (as defined as in paragraph (a) of Item 404 of Regulation  S-K)  must promptly disclose to the Chief Legal Officer of our general partner any “related person transaction”
(defined as any transaction that is reportable by us under Item 404(a) of Regulation  S-K  in which we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds $120,000 and in which any related
person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest) and all material facts with respect thereto. The Chief Legal Officer will then promptly communicate that information to the board of directors of our general partner. No related person
transaction will be consummated without the approval or ratification of the board of directors of our general partner or any committee of the board of directors consisting exclusively of disinterested directors. It is our policy that directors
interested in a related person transaction will recuse themselves from any vote of a related person transaction in which they have an interest.  
 Indemnification of Directors and Officers    Under our partnership agreement, in most circumstances we will indemnify the following persons, to the fullest extent permitted by law, from and against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or
several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts: our general partner; any departing general partner; any person who is or was an affiliate of a general partner or any
departing general partner; any person who is or was a member, partner, tax matters partner, officer, director, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee of us or our subsidiaries, the general partner or any departing general partner or any affiliate of
ours or our subsidiaries, the general partner or any departing general partner; any person who is or was serving at the request of a general partner or any departing general partner or any affiliate of a general partner or any departing general
partner as an officer, director, employee, member, partner, agent, fiduciary or trustee of another person; or any person designated by our general partner. We have agreed to provide this indemnification to the extent such person acted in good faith
and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the partnership, and with respect to any alleged conduct resulting in a criminal proceeding against such person, to deny indemnification if such person
had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. We have also agreed to provide this indemnification for criminal proceedings. Any indemnification under these provisions will only be out of our assets. Unless it otherwise
agrees, the general partner will not be personally liable for, or have any obligation to contribute or loan funds or assets to us to enable it to effectuate indemnification. We may purchase insurance against liabilities asserted against and expenses
incurred by persons for our activities, regardless of whether we would have the power to indemnify the person against liabilities under our partnership agreement.    We will also indemnify any of our employees who personally becomes subject to a “clawback” obligation to one of our investment funds in respect of carried interest that we have received. See
“Part I. Item 1. Business — Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure.”  
      263
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Non-Competition  and
 Non-Solicitation  Agreements    We have entered into a
 non-competition  and  non-solicitation  agreement with each of our professionals and other senior employees, including each of our executive officers. See
“— Item 11. Executive  Compensation — Non-Competition  and  Non-Solicitation  Agreements” for a description of the material terms of
such agreements.    Director Independence    Because we are a publicly traded limited partnership, the NYSE rules do not require our general partner’s board to be made up of a majority of independent directors. All of the current  non-management  directors of our general partner’s board of directors satisfy the independence requirements of the NYSE. These directors are Messrs. Breyer, Hood, Light, Mulroney and Parrett and
Ms. Lazarus. In addition, Mr. Grauer, who resigned from the board of directors effective January 30, 2018, satisfied the independence requirements of the NYSE. Based on all relevant facts and circumstances, our general partner’s
board of directors affirmatively determined that the independent directors have no material relationship with us or our general partner. The board of directors of our general partner follows the following standards in determining director
independence:    Under any circumstances, a director is not independent if:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the director is, or has been within the preceding three years, employed by our general partner or us,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   an immediate family member of the director was employed as an executive officer of our general partner or us within the preceding three years,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the director, or an immediate family member of that director, received within the preceding three years more than $120,000 in any twelve-month period
in direct compensation from us, other than director and committee fees and pension or other forms of deferred compensation for prior service (provided such compensation is not contingent in any way on continued service),
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the director is a current partner or employee of a firm that is our internal or external auditor; the director has an immediate family member who is a
current partner of such a firm; the director has an immediate family member who is a current employee of such a firm and personally works on our audit; or the director or an immediate family member of that director was within the last three years a
partner or employee of such a firm and personally worked on our or a predecessor’s audit within that time,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the director or an immediate family member is, or has been within the preceding three years, employed as an executive officer of another company where
any of our general partner’s present executive officers at the same time serves or served on such other company’s compensation committee, or      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   the director is a current employee, or an immediate family member is a current executive officer, of a company that has made payments to, or received
payments from, us for property or services in an amount which, in any of the preceding three fiscal years, exceeds the greater of $1,000,000 or two percent (2%) of the consolidated gross revenues of the other company.
   The following commercial or charitable relationships will not be considered to be material relationships
that would impair a director’s independence:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   if the director or an immediate family member of that director serves as an executive officer, director or trustee of a charitable organization, and
our annual charitable contributions to that organization (excluding contributions by us under any established matching gift program) are less than the greater of $1,000,000 or two percent (2%) of that organization’s consolidated gross
revenues in its most recent fiscal year, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   if the director or an immediate family member of that director (or a company for which the director serves as a director or executive officer) invests
in or alongside of one or more investment funds or investment companies managed by us or any of our subsidiaries, whether or not fees or other incentive arrangements for us or our subsidiaries are borne by the investing person.
 
      264
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 ITEM 14. 
   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES    The following table summarizes the aggregate fees for professional services provided by Deloitte & Touche LLP, the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and their respective affiliates
(collectively, the “Deloitte Entities”):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 2018 
   
 
   
    
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
   
 Blackstone Entities, Principally Fund Related (c) 
   
    
 Blackstone Funds, Transaction Related (d) 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Audit Fees 
    
 $ 
 9,500 
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 37,306 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 46,806 
   
 
   Audit-Related Fees 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 191 
   
    
   
 25,473 
   
    
   
 25,664 
   
 
   Tax Fees 
    
   
 1,316 
 (b)  
   
   
 54,216 
   
    
   
 14,145 
   
    
   
 69,677 
   
 
   All Other Fees 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 739 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 739 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 10,816 
   
   
 $ 
 92,452 
   
    
 $ 
 39,618 
   
    
 $ 
 142,886 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 2017 
   
 
   
    
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
   
 Blackstone Entities, Principally Fund Related (c) 
   
    
 Blackstone Funds, Transaction Related (d) 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Audit Fees 
    
 $ 
 9,715 
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 35,189 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 44,904 
   
 
   Audit-Related Fees 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 252 
   
    
   
 19,437 
   
    
   
 19,689 
   
 
   Tax Fees 
    
   
 1,100 
 (b)  
   
   
 51,274 
   
    
   
 13,974 
   
    
   
 66,348 
   
 
   All Other Fees 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 168 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 168 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 10,815 
   
   
 $ 
 86,883 
   
    
 $ 
 33,411 
   
    
 $ 
 131,109 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Audit Fees consisted of fees for (1) the audits of our consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form  10-K  and services attendant to, or required by, statute or regulation, (2) reviews of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form  10-Q,  and (3) consents and other services related to SEC and other regulatory filings.  
 
 
 (b) 
   Tax Fees consisted of fees for services rendered for tax compliance and tax planning and advisory services.  
 
 
 (c) 
   The Deloitte Entities also provide audit, audit-related and tax services (primarily tax compliance and related services) to certain Blackstone
funds and other corporate entities.  
 
 
 (d) 
   Audit-Related and Tax Fees included merger and acquisition due diligence services provided in connection with potential acquisitions of
portfolio companies for investment purposes primarily to certain private equity and real estate funds managed by Blackstone in its capacity as the general partner. In addition, the Deloitte Entities provide audit, audit-related, tax and other
services to the portfolio companies, which are approved directly by the portfolio company’s management and are not included in the amounts presented here.  
 Our audit committee charter, which is available on our website at http://ir.blackstone.com under “Corporate Governance,”
requires the audit committee to approve in advance all audit and  non-audit  related services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with the audit and  non-audit  related services  pre-approval  policy. All services reported in the Audit, Audit-Related, Tax and All Other Fees categories above were approved by the audit
committee.  
      265
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART IV.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 15. 
   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  
   
 
 
 (a) 
   The following documents are filed as part of this annual report.  
   
 
 
 1. 
   Financial Statements:     See Item 8 above.      
 
 
 2. 
   Financial Statement Schedules:     Schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are not applicable, and therefore have been omitted.
     
 
 
 3. 
   Exhibits:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
   3.1 
    
 Certificate of Limited Partnership of The Blackstone Group L.P. (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form  S-1  (File  No. 333-141504)  filed with the SEC on March 22, 2007).
 
 
 
 
 
   3.2 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of The Blackstone Group L.P. (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form  8-K  (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on June 27, 2007).  
 
 
 
 
   3.2.1 
    
 Amendment No. 
1 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of The Blackstone Group L.P., dated as of November 3, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on November 6, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
   3.2.2 
    
 Amendment No. 
2 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of The Blackstone Group L.P., dated as of November 4, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on November 9, 2011).  
 
 
 
 
   4.1 
    
 Indenture dated as of August 
20, 2009 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  dated August 20, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
   4.2 
    
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 
20, 2010, among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on September 22,
2010). 
 
 
 
 
   4.3 
    
 Form of 5.875% Senior Note due 2021 (included in Exhibit 4.2 hereto).  
 
 
 
 
   4.4 
    
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 
17, 2012 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K  (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 17, 2012).
 
 
 
 
 
   4.5 
    
 Form of 4.750% Senior Note due 2023 (included in Exhibit 4.4 hereto).
 
 
 
 
 
   4.6 
    
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 
17, 2012 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K  (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 17, 2012).
 
      266
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
   4.7 
    
 Form of 6.250% Senior Note due 2042 (included in Exhibit 4.6 hereto).
 
 
 
 
 
   4.8 
    
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 
7, 2014 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K  (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on April 7,
2014). 
 
 
 
 
   4.9 
    
 Form of 5.000% Senior Note due 2044 (included in Exhibit 4.8 hereto).
 
 
 
 
 
   4.10 
    
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 
27, 2015 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K  (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on April 27,
2015). 
 
 
 
 
   4.11 
    
 Form of 4.450% Senior Note due 2045 (included in Exhibit 4.10 hereto).
 
 
 
 
 
   4.12 
    
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 
19, 2015 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, and The Bank of
 New York Mellon, London Branch, as paying agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 19, 2015).  
 
 
 
 
   4.13 
    
 Form of 2.000% Senior Note due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.12 hereto).
 
 
 
 
 
   4.14 
    
 Guarantor Joinder Agreement dated as of October 
1, 2015 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P. and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with
the SEC on February 26, 2016). 
 
 
 
 
   4.15 
    
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 
1, 2015 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon,
 as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016).  
 
 
 
 
   4.16 
    
 Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 
5, 2016 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., The Bank of New York Mellon,
 as trustee, and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as paying agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on October 5, 2016).  
 
 
 
 
   4.17 
    
 Form of 1.000% Senior Note due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.16 hereto).
 
 
 
 
 
   4.18 
    
 Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 
2, 2017 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon,
 as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on October 2,
2017).  
 
 
 
 
   4.19 
    
 Form of 3.150% Senior Note due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.18 hereto).
 
      267
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
   4.20 
    
 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 2, 2017 among Blackstone Holdings Finance
 Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC October 2, 2017).  
 
 
 
 
   4.21 
    
 Form of 4.000% Senior Note due 2047 (included in Exhibit 4.20 hereto).
 
 
 
 
 
  10.1 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Blackstone Holdings I L.P., dated as of June 18,
 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings I/II GP Inc. and the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings I L.P. party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007).  
 
 
 
 
  10.1.1 
    
 Amendment No. 
1 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Holdings I L.P., dated as of November 3, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on November 6, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
  10.2 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Blackstone Holdings II L.P., dated as of June 18,
2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings I/II GP Inc. and the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings II L.P. party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007).  
 
 
 
 
  10.2.1 
    
 Amendment No. 
1 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Holdings II L.P., dated as of November 3, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on November 6, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
  10.3 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Blackstone Holdings III L.P., dated
 as of January 1, 2009, by and among Blackstone Holdings III GP L.L.C. and the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings III L.P. party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
  10.3.1 
    
 Amendment No. 
1 to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Holdings III L.P., dated as of November 3, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on November 6, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
  10.4 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., dated as
 of January 1, 2009, by and among Blackstone Holdings IV GP L.P. and the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.4.1 
    
 Amendment No. 
1 to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., dated as of November 3, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on November 6, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
  10.5 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., dated as
 of October 1, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016).  
      268
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.6 
    
 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of June 
18, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings I/II GP Inc., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P. and the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and Blackstone Holdings II L.P. party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.6 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 13,
2007). 
 
 
 
 
  10.7 
    
 Third Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement, dated as of October 
1, 2015, among The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and the Blackstone Holdings Limited Partners party thereto (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with
the SEC on February 26, 2016).  
 
 
 
 
  10.8 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 
18, 2007 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File  No. 
001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007).  
 
 
 
 
  10.9+ 
    
 The Blackstone Group L.P. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein
by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on July 9, 2014).
 
 
 
 
 
  10.10+ 
    
 The Blackstone Group L.P. Sixth Amended and Restated Bonus Deferral Plan effective as of December 1,
 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2014 (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 27, 2015).  
 
 
 
 
  10.11+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Founding Member Agreement of Stephen A. Schwarzman, dated as of March 1,
 2018, by and among Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and Stephen A. Schwarzman (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the
SEC on March 1, 2018).  
 
 
 
 
  10.12+ 
    
 Form of Senior Managing Director Agreement by and among Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and
 each of the Senior Managing Directors from time to time party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form  S-1/A  (File  No. 333-141504)  filed with the SEC on June 14, 2007). (Applicable to all executive officers other than Mr. Schwarzman.)  
 
 
 
 
  10.13+ 
    
 Form of Deferred Restricted Common Unit Award Agreement (Directors) (incorporated herein by reference
 to Exhibit 10.36 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2008 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on
August 8, 2008).  
 
 
 
 
  10.14+ 
    
 Form of Deferred Restricted Blackstone Holdings Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 (File  No. 001-33551) 
filed with the SEC on November 7, 2008).  
 
 
 
 
  10.15+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BMA V L.L.C., dated as of May 31,
 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of BMA V L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter
ended June 30, 2007 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
  10.16+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Management
 Associates International L.P., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among BREA International (Cayman) Ltd. and certain limited partners (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007).
 
      269
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.16.1+ 
    
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of January 
1, 2008 to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Management Associates International L.P., dated as of May 
31, 2007, by and among BREA International (Cayman) Ltd. and certain limited partners (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on  Form 
10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2008 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 15, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
  10.17+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Management
 Associates International II L.P., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among BREA International (Cayman) II Ltd. and certain limited partners (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007).  
 
 
 
 
  10.18+ 
    
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of January 
1, 2008 to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Management Associates International II L.P., dated as of May 
31, 2007, by and among BREA International (Cayman) II Ltd. and certain limited partners (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on  Form 
10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2008 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 15, 2008).  
 
 
 
 
  10.19+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Management Associates
 IV L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of Blackstone Management Associates IV L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on
Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007).  
 
 
 
 
  10.20+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Mezzanine Management
 Associates L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of Blackstone Mezzanine Management Associates L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant’s
Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007).  
 
 
 
 
  10.21+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Mezzanine Management
 Associates II L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of Blackstone Mezzanine Management Associates II L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant’s
Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007).  
 
 
 
 
  10.22+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BREA IV L.L.C., dated as of May 31,
 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of BREA IV L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter
ended June 30, 2007 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007).  
 
 
 
 
  10.23+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BREA V L.L.C., dated as of May 31,
2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of BREA V L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter
ended June 30, 2007 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
  10.24+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BREA VI L.L.C., dated as of May 31,
 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of BREA VI L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter
ended June 30, 2007 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007).  
      270
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.24.1+ 
    
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of January 
1, 2008 to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BREA VI L.L.C., dated as of May 
31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of BREA VI L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter
 ended March 31, 2008 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 15, 2008).  
 
 
 
 
  10.25 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Communications Management
 Associates I L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of Blackstone Communications Management Associates I L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the
Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007).
 
 
 
 
 
  10.26+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BCLA L.L.C., dated as of April 15,
 2008, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of BCLA L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter
ended March 31, 2008 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 15, 2008).  
 
 
 
 
  10.27+ 
    
 Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Management
 Associates Europe III L.P., dated as of June 30, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2008
(File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 8, 2008).  
 
 
 
 
  10.28+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Real Estate Special
 Situations Associates L.L.C., dated as of June 30, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2008
(File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 8, 2008).  
 
 
 
 
  10.29+ 
    
 BMA VI L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of July 
31, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended September 
30, 2008 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on November 7, 2008).  
 
 
 
 
  10.30+ 
    
 Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Associates LLC, dated as
 of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File
 No. 001-  33551) filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
  10.31+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Overseas Associates LLC, dated as
 of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
  10.32+ 
    
 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Capital Opportunities Associates
 LLC, dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
  10.33+ 
    
 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Capital Opportunities Overseas
 Associates LLC, dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
  10.34+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Liquidity Overseas Associates LLC,
dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009).  
      271
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.35+ 
    
 Blackstone / GSO Capital Solutions Associates LLC Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability
 Company Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 7, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
  10.36+ 
    
 Blackstone / GSO Capital Solutions Overseas Associates LLC Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability
 Company Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 7, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
  10.37+ 
    
 Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Associates II L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability
 Company Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 7, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
  10.38+ 
    
 Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Management Associates Europe L.P. Amended and Restated
 Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated as of June 30, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30,
2009 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 7, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
  10.39+ 
    
 BRECA L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of May 
1, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 (File  No. 
001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 7, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
  10.40 
    
 GSO Targeted Opportunity Associates LLC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement,
 dated as of December 9, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 10, 2010). 
 
 
 
 
  10.41 
    
 GSO Targeted Opportunity Overseas Associates LLC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company
 Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 10, 2010). 
 
 
 
 
  10.42 
    
 BCVA L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of July 
8, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2010 (File  No. 
001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 6, 2010).  
 
 
 
 
  10.43 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of MB Asia REA L.P., dated November 23,
 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2010 (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 25, 2011).  
 
 
 
 
  10.44 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO SJ Partners Associates LLC, dated
 December 7, 2010, by and among GSO Holdings I L.L.C. and certain members of GSO SJ Partners Associates LLC thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2011 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 6, 2011).  
 
 
 
 
  10.45+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement of GSO Capital Opportunities
 Associates II LP, dated as of December 31, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016).  
      272
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.46 
    
 Blackstone EMA L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of
 August 1, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on November 9, 2011).  
 
 
 
 
  10.47 
    
 Blackstone Real Estate Associates VII L.P. Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership,
 dated as of September 1, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on November 9, 2011).  
 
 
 
 
  10.47.1 
    
 Blackstone Real Estate Associates VII L.P. Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
 Partnership, dated as of September 1, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.53.1 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2011 (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 28, 2012).  
 
 
 
 
  10.48 
    
 GSO Energy  Partners-A  Associates LLC Second Amended
 and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter
ended March 31, 2012 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 7, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
  10.49 
    
 BTOA L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of February 15,
 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 7, 2012).  
 
 
 
 
  10.50+ 
    
 Form of Deferred Holdings Unit Agreement for Senior Managing Directors (incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2012 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the
SEC on August 7, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
  10.51+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Commercial Real Estate
 Debt Associates L.L.C., dated as of November 12, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2012
(File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 7, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
  10.52+ 
    
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Innovations L.L.C., dated November 2,
 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2012 (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on November 2, 2012).  
 
 
 
 
  10.53+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of Blackstone Innovations (Cayman)
 III L.P., dated November 2, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2012 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on November 2, 2012).  
 
 
 
 
  10.54+ 
    
 GSO Foreland Resources  Co-Invest  Associates LLC Amended
 and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2012 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on March 1, 2013).  
 
 
 
 
  10.55+ 
    
 GSO Palmetto Opportunistic Associates LLC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company
 Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2012 (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on March 1, 2013).  
 
 
 
 
  10.56+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real
 Estate Associates Asia L.P., dated February 26, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2013 (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 28, 2014).  
      273
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.57+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate
 Associates Europe IV L.P., dated February 26, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2013 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 28, 2014).  
 
 
 
 
  10.58+ 
    
 Aircraft Dry Lease Agreement between XB Partners LLC and Blackstone Administrative Services
 Partnership L.P. dated as of August 7, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2017 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on November 7, 2017).  
 
 
 
 
  10.59+* 
    
 Letter Agreement between Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and Bennett J. Goodman, dated November 12, 2018. 
 
 
 
 
  10.60+* 
    
 SMD Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement by and among Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone
 Holdings IV L.P. and Bennett J. Goodman, dated November 12, 2018.  
 
 
 
 
  10.61+ 
    
 Form of Performance Earn Out Letter Agreement by and among Blackstone Holdings I L.P., GSO
 Holdings I L.L.C. and each of the GSO individuals party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31,
2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 8, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
  10.62+ 
    
 Performance Earn Out Side Letter by and between Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings
 II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and Bennett J. Goodman dated February 24, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 8, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
  10.63+ 
    
 Form of Deferred Holdings Unit Agreement between The Blackstone Group L.P. and each GSO participant
party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 8, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
  10.64 
    
 Aircraft Dry Lease Agreement between 113CS LLC and Blackstone Administrative Services Partnership
 L.P., dated as of January 15, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 8, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
  10.65+ 
    
 Form of Special Equity Award – Deferred Holdings Unit Agreement under The Blackstone Group
 L.P. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 6, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
  10.66+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of BREP Edens Associates L.P., dated
 as of December 18, 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.76 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016).  
 
 
 
 
  10.67+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempt Limited Partnership of Blackstone AG Associates
 L.P., dated as of February 16, 2016 and deemed effective as of May 30, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.77 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended
December 31, 2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016).  
 
 
 
 
  10.68+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of BREP OMP Associates L.P., dated
 as of June 27, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.78 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016).  
      274
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.69+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of Blackstone OBS Associates
 L.P., dated as of February 16, 2016 and deemed effective July 25, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.79 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended
December 31, 2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016).  
 
 
 
 
  10.70+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone EMA II L.L.C., dated
 as of October 21, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.80 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016).  
 
 
 
 
  10.71+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Liberty Place
 Associates L.P., dated as of February 9, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.81 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016).  
 
 
 
 
  10.72+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of BPP Core Asia Associates
L.P., dated February 16, 2016 and deemed effective March 18, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.82 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended
December 31, 2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016).  
 
 
 
 
  10.73+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of BPP Core Asia
 Associates-NQ  L.P., dated as of February 16, 2016 and deemed effective March 18, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.83 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016).  
 
 
 
 
  10.74+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Associates
 VIII L.P., dated as of March 27, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.84 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016).  
 
 
 
 
  10.75+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BMA VII L.L.C., dated as of May 13,
 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.85 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016).  
 
 
 
 
  10.76+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempt Limited Partnership of Blackstone Property Associates
 International L.P., dated as of February 16, 2016 and deemed effective as of July 15, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.86 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for
the year ended December 31, 2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016).  
 
 
 
 
  10.77+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempt Limited Partnership of Blackstone Property Associates
  International-NQ  L.P., dated as of February 16, 2016 and deemed effective July 28, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.87 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016).  
 
 
 
 
  10.78+ 
    
 BTOA II L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of December 19,
 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 4, 2016).  
 
 
 
 
  10.79+ 
    
 Special Equity Award — Deferred Holdings Unit Agreement under The Blackstone Group L.P.
 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (Chief Financial Officer) (Chief Financial Officer) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.82 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended
December 31, 2016 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 24, 2017).  
      275
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.80+ 
    
 Form of Deferred Holdings Unit Agreement under The Blackstone Group L.P. 2007 Equity Incentive
 Plan (2013 and 2014 awards) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.83 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2016 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 24, 2017).  
 
 
 
 
  10.81+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Associates
 Europe V L.P., dated May 8, 2017 and deemed effective March 1, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended
March 31, 2017 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 9, 2017).  
 
 
 
 
  10.82+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone CEMA L.L.C., dated
 February 9, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 (File
 No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 8, 2017).  
 
 
 
 
  10.83 
    
 Aircraft Dry Lease Agreement between GH4 Partners LLC and Blackstone Administrative Services
 Partnership L.P. dated as of August 7, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2017 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on November 7, 2017).  
 
 
 
 
  10.84 
    
 Aircraft Dry Lease Agreement between GBBX Associates LLC, WLBX LLC and Blackstone Administrative
 Services Partnership L.P. dated as of August 7, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2017
(File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on November 7, 2017).  
 
 
 
 
  10.85+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies
 Associates II L.P., dated February 15, 2018 and deemed effective as of April 17, 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.86 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the
year ended December 31, 2017 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on March 1, 2018).  
 
 
 
 
  10.86+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies
 Associates III L.P., dated February 15, 2018 and deemed effective as of July 25, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.87 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the
year ended December 31, 2017 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on March 1, 2018).  
 
 
 
 
  10.87 
    
 Form of Aircraft Dry Lease Agreement between GH4 Partners LLC and Blackstone Administrative
 Services Partnership L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2018 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 8, 2018).  
 
 
 
 
  10.88 
    
 Form of Aircraft Dry Lease Agreement between XB Partners LLC and Blackstone Administrative
 Services Partnership L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2018 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 8, 2018).  
 
 
 
 
  10.89 
    
 Form of Aircraft Dry Lease Agreement between GBBX Associates LLC, WLBX LLC and Blackstone
 Administrative Services Partnership L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2018 (File  No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 8, 2018).  
 
 
 
 
  10.90 
    
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 
23, 2010, as amended and restated as of May 29, 2014, as further amended and restated as of August 31, 2016, and as further amended and restated as of September 
21, 2018, among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., as borrower, Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., as guarantors, Citibank, N.A., as administrative
agent and the lenders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K  (File  No. 001-33551)  filed
with the SEC on September 21, 2018).  
      276
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.91+* 
    
 Letter Agreement dated as of October 2, 2018 among Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and J. Tomilson Hill.  
 
 
 
 
  10.92+* 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of BTOA III L.P., dated as of February 27, 2019 and deemed effective as of May 24, 2018.
 
 
 
 
 
   10.93+* 
    
 Amended and Restated Deferred Holdings Unit Agreement under The Blackstone Group L.P. 2007 Equity Incentive plan between The Blackstone Group L.P. and the
 Participant named therein.  
 
 
 
 
   10.94+* 
    
 Form of Deferred Holdings Unit Agreement under The Blackstone Group L.P. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan.  
 
 
 
 
  21.1* 
    
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant.  
 
 
 
 
  23.1* 
    
 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP.  
 
 
 
 
  31.1* 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule  13a-14(a).   
 
 
 
 
  31.2* 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule  13a-14(a).   
 
 
 
 
  32.1* 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).  
 
 
 
 
  32.2* 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).  
 
 
 
 
 101.INS* 
    
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.SCH* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.CAL* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.DEF* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.LAB* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.PRE* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
     
 
 
 * 
   Filed herewith.  
 
 
 + 
   Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement in which directors or executive officers are eligible to participate.
   The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual
information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements
or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 16. 
   FORM  10-K  SUMMARY  
 None.  
      277
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.    Date: March 1, 2019  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
 Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., 
 
 
   
 its General Partner 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   /s/ Michael S. Chae 
 
 Name: 
   
 Michael S. Chae 
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
   
 (Principal Financial Officer and Authorized Signatory) 
   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on this 1st day of March, 2019.  
      278
 

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
   Signature 
    
   Title 


 
 
 
 
   /s/ Stephen A. Schwarzman 
 Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
   Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Bennett J. Goodman 
 Bennett J. Goodman 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Jonathan D. Gray 
 Jonathan D. Gray 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Sir John Antony Hood 
 Sir John Antony Hood 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Hamilton E. James 
 Hamilton E. James 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ James W. Breyer 
 James W. Breyer 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Rochelle B. Lazarus 
 Rochelle B. Lazarus 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Jay O. Light   Jay O. Light 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Brian Mulroney   Brian Mulroney 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ William G. Parrett 
 William G. Parrett 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Michael S. Chae 
 Michael S. Chae 
    
   Chief Financial Officer   (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Christopher Striano 
 Christopher Striano 
    
   Principal Accounting Officer   (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
      279
 

 

 
 
 
