
 10-K
 1
 a2220226z10-k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Use these links to rapidly review the document 
   TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 

 


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

       

   
    

 UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549   

 

 
 


  

 

    

 Form 10-K   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Mark One) 
   
   
 
 
 ý 
   
  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 
  For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014 
 
 
  Or 
 
 
 o 
   
  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 
 
  
  Commission file number 000-23354   

 FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Singapore 
(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
   
  Not Applicable 
(I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 
 
 
 2 Changi South Lane, 
Singapore 
(Address of registrant's principal executive offices) 
   
 486123 
(Zip Code) 
 
 
 

 Registrant's
telephone number, including area code   (65) 6876-9899 

          Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Title of Each Class  
   
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered  
 
 
 Ordinary Shares, No Par Value 
   
 The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
(NASDAQ Global Select Market) 
 
 
 
  
           Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act— NONE 

          Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes  ý     No  o   


          Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act. Yes  o     No  ý   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. Yes  ý     No  o   


          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes  ý     No  o   

          Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.     ý   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Large accelerated filer  ý 
   
 Accelerated filer  o 
   
 Non-accelerated filer  o 
   
 Smaller reporting company  o 
 
 
 
  
           Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes  o     No  ý   

          As of September 27, 2013, the aggregate market value of the Company's ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately
$5.6 billion based upon the closing sale price as reported on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (NASDAQ Global Select Market).  

          Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Class  
   
 Outstanding at May 14, 2014  
 
 
 Ordinary Shares, No Par Value 
   
 585,456,950 
 
 
 
  
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Document  
   
 Parts into Which Incorporated  
 
 
 Proxy Statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the Registrant's 2014 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 
   
 Part III 
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
 
  
   

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   


   

   
   TABLE OF CONTENTS          

 
   
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Page  
   
 
 
      PART I 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   
 
  Forward-Looking Statements 
   
   
 
3 
   
 
 
 
  Item 1. 
   
 
  Business 
   
   
 
4 
   
 
 
 
  Item 1A. 
   
 
  Risk Factors 
   
   
 
16 
   
 
 
 
  Item 1B. 
   
 
  Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
   
 
30 
   
 
 
 
  Item 2. 
   
 
  Properties 
   
   
 
30 
   
 
 
 
  Item 3. 
   
 
  Legal Proceedings 
   
   
 
30 
   
 
 
 
  Item 4. 
   
 
  Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
   
 
30 
   
 
 
 
   PART II 
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
 
  Item 5. 
   
 
  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
   
   
 
31 
   
 
 
 
  Item 6. 
   
 
  Selected Financial Data 
   
   
 
34 
   
 
 
 
  Item 7. 
   
 
  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   
   
 
36 
   
 
 
 
  Item 7A. 
   
 
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
   
   
 
53 
   
 
 
 
  Item 8. 
   
 
  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   
   
 
55 
   
 
 
 
  Item 9. 
   
 
  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
   
   
 
122 
   
 
 
 
  Item 9A. 
   
 
  Controls and Procedures 
   
   
 
122 
   
 
 
 
  Item 9B. 
   
 
  Other Information 
   
   
 
125 
   
 
 
 
   PART III 
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
 
  Item 10. 
   
 
  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
   
   
 
125 
   
 
 
 
  Item 11. 
   
 
  Executive Compensation 
   
   
 
125 
   
 
 
 
  Item 12. 
   
 
  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
   
   
 
125 
   
 
 
 
  Item 13. 
   
 
  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
   
   
 
125 
   
 
 
 
  Item 14. 
   
 
  Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
   
   
 
125 
   
 
 
 
   PART IV 
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
 
  Item 15. 
   
 
  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
   
   
 
126 
   
 
 
 
   Signatures 
   
   
 
132 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  2 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   

   
   
   PART I   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS          

         Unless otherwise specifically stated, references in this report to "Flextronics," "the Company," "we," "us," "our" and similar terms
mean Flextronics International Ltd. and its subsidiaries.  


         Except
for historical information contained herein, certain matters included in this annual report on Form 10-K are, or may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the
meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933. The words "will," "may," "designed to," "believe," "should," "anticipate,"
"plan," "expect," "intend," "estimate" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this annual report. These forward-looking statements are
contained principally under Item 1, "Business," and under Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Because these forward-looking
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from the expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements include those described in Item 1A, "Risk Factors" and Item 7,
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." In addition, new risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk
factors or to assess the impact of such risk factors on our business. Given these risks and uncertainties, the reader should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We undertake
no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.  

 3 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       ITEM 1.     BUSINESS          


  OVERVIEW   

         We are a globally-recognized leading provider of supply chain solutions that span from concept through consumption. We design, build,
ship and service a complete packaged electronic product for original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") in the following business groups: 

 
 
 • High Reliability Solutions ("HRS"), which is comprised of our medical, automotive, and defense and aerospace businesses;    
 • High Velocity Solutions ("HVS"), which includes our mobile devices business, including smart phones; our consumer
electronics business, including game consoles and wearable electronics; and our high-volume computing business, including various supply chain solutions for notebook personal computing ("PC"),
tablets, and printers;  
 • Industrial and Emerging Industries ("IEI"), which is comprised of our household appliances, semi-cap equipment, kiosks,
energy and emerging industries businesses; and  
 • Integrated Network Solutions ("INS"), which includes our telecommunications infrastructure, data networking, connected
home, and server and storage businesses.  
 

         We
provide our advanced design, manufacturing and supply chain services through a network of facilities in approximately 30 countries across four continents. We have established this
extensive network of manufacturing facilities in the world's major electronics markets (Asia, the Americas and Europe) in order to serve the outsourcing needs of both multinational and regional
OEMs. Our services increase customer competitiveness by delivering improved product quality, increased flexibility, leading manufacturability, improved performance, faster time-to-market and
competitive costs. Our OEM customers leverage our services to meet their requirements throughout their products' entire life cycles. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, we had revenue of
$26.1 billion and net income of $365.6 million.  

         We
believe that the combination of our extensive open innovation platform solutions, design and engineering services, advanced supply chain management solutions and services, significant
scale and global presence, provide us with a competitive advantage in the market for designing, manufacturing and servicing electronics products for leading multinational and regional
OEMs. Through these services and facilities, we offer our OEM customers accelerated design, increased flexibility and responsiveness, improved time to market, supply chain predictability and
real time visibility which enable them to speed up product launches, quickly enter new markets, mitigate risk and improve free cash flow.  


         Our
business has been subject to seasonality primarily due to our mobile devices and consumer electronics market exposures, which historically exhibit particular strength generally in
the two quarters leading up to the end of the calendar year in connection with the holiday season.  

  INDUSTRY OVERVIEW   

         Our expertise is in the design, manufacturing and supply services for a broad range of products, and as such, the closest definition of
our industry is the outsourcing Electronics Manufacturing Services ("EMS") industry. EMS has experienced significant change and growth as an increasing number of companies elected to outsource some or
all of their design, manufacturing, and after-market services requirements. During the recent years, we have seen an increased level of diversification by many companies, primarily in the technology
sector. Some companies that have historically identified themselves as software providers, internet service providers or e-commerce retailers have started to enter the highly competitive and rapidly
evolving hardware markets, such as mobile devices, home entertainment and wearable devices. This trend has resulted in a significant change in the manufacturing and supply chain solutions requirements
of such companies. While the products have  

 4 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 become
more complex, the supply chain solutions required by such companies have become more customized and demanding, and it has changed the manufacturing and supply chain landscape significantly. The
growth of the overall industry for calendar 2013 is estimated to have been around 3%.  

         We
believe the total available market for outsourcing continues to offer opportunities for growth with current penetration rates estimated to be less than 30%. The intensely competitive
nature of the electronics industry, the continually increasing complexity and sophistication of electronics products, and pressure on OEMs to reduce product costs and shorter product life
cycles encourage OEMs to utilize broad manufacturing and service providers as part of their business and manufacturing strategies. Utilizing global manufacturing and service providers allows
OEMs to take advantage of the global design, manufacturing and supply chain management expertise of such providers, and enables OEMs to concentrate on product research, development,
marketing and sales. We believe that OEMs realize the following benefits through their strategic relationships with manufacturing and service
providers: 

 
 
 • Reduced production costs;  
 • Reduced design and development costs and lead time;  
 • Accelerated time-to-market and time-to-volume production;  
 • Reduced capital investment requirements and fixed costs;  
 • Improved inventory management and purchasing power;  
 • Access to worldwide design, engineering, manufacturing, and after-market service capabilities; and    
 • Ability to focus on core branding and R&D initiatives.  
 

         We
believe that growth in the EMS industry will be driven largely by the needs of OEMs to respond to rapidly changing markets and technologies, the increasing complexity of supply
chains and the continued pressure to be cost competitive. Additionally, we believe that there are significant opportunities for global manufacturing and service providers to win additional business
from OEMs in certain markets or industry segments that have yet to substantially utilize such providers.  

  SERVICE OFFERINGS   

         We offer a broad range of customer-tailored services to OEMs. We believe that Flextronics has the broadest worldwide end-to-end
supply chain solutions and capabilities in the industry, from concept design resources to aftermarket services. We believe a key competitive advantage is the Flextronics Platform, which is our system
for creating value for our customers to increase competitiveness by providing real-time information for speed of decision making, end-to-end
solutions with scope to increase their customer competitiveness and a physical infrastructure with unmatched ability to scale globally. Our ability to provide more value and innovation to our
customers is another competitive advantage because we offer both global economies of scale in procurement, manufacturing and after-market services, as well as market-focused expertise and capabilities
in design and engineering. As a result of our focus on specific markets, we believe we are able to better understand complex market dynamics and anticipate trends that impact our OEM customers'
businesses, and can help improve our OEM customers' market positioning by effectively adjusting product plans and roadmaps to deliver low-cost, high quality products and meet their time-to-market
requirements. Our services allow us to  

 5 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 design,
build, ship and service a complete packaged electronics product for our OEM customers. These services include:  

 

         Innovation Services.     To support our customers in addressing their innovation challenges, Flextronics is focusing on product innovation.
We launched the Silicon Valley
Open Innovation Initiative to create an eco-system of customers, suppliers and design tool makers to drive new technologies in product innovation to improve productivity, cost and time to market. As
part of this initiative, we founded the Silicon Valley Open Innovation Summit.  

         In
fiscal 2014, we made significant investments establishing several Product Innovation Centers worldwide and created our flagship Customer Innovation Center in our Silicon Valley
facility. Our Innovation services include:  

 
 
 • Innovations Labs.   Our labs provide global functional
leadership across our Centers of Excellence, manage advanced innovation initiatives and enable our customers to speed time to market by leveraging validated innovation technology blocks, which have
been developed by Flextronics and our eco-system of technology partners.     
 • Innovation Café.   Joint collaboration and
development with customers on new product roadmaps and technology offerings utilizing Flextronics' cross segment design and engineering expertise and innovation technology blocks.    
 • LabIX.   Flextronics' new startup accelerator program that
invests in the next generation of disruptive hardware technology, enabling companies to take their technologies from concept to prototype to manufacturing.     
 • Centers of Excellence.   Strategic technology capabilities
developed by Flextronics in critical solutions areas which are leveraged across multiple industries and can be integrated into our customer's product. Centers of Excellence include Human Machine
Interface, Wireless and Connectivity, Sensors & Actuators, Power & Battery Management, Smart Software, Flexible Technology and Computing and Materials.  
 
 
 

          Design and Engineering Services.      We offer a comprehensive range of value-added design and engineering services that are tailored to
the various markets and needs of our customers.
These services can be delivered by two primary business models:  

 
 
 • Contract Design Services, where the customer purchases engineering and development services on a time and materials basis;
and     
 • Joint Development Manufacturing Services, where Flextronics' engineering and development teams work jointly with our
customers' teams to ensure product development integrity, seamless manufacturing handoffs, and faster time to market.  
 
 
 

         Our
design and engineering services are provided by our global, market-based engineering teams and cover a broad range of technical competencies:  

 
 
 • System Architecture, User Interface and Industrial
Design .   We help our customers design and develop innovative and cost-effective products that address the needs of the
user and the market. These services include product definition, analysis and optimization of performance and functional requirements, 2-D sketch level drawings, 3-D mock-ups and proofs of concept,
interaction and interface models, detailed hard models and product packaging.     
 • Mechanical Engineering, Technology, Enclosure Systems, Thermal and Tooling
Design .   We offer detailed mechanical, structural, and thermal design solutions for enclosures that encompass a wide range
of plastic, metal and other material technologies. These capabilities and technologies are increasingly important to our customers' product differentiation goals and are increasingly required to be
successful in today's competitive marketplace. Additionally,  
 
 
 6 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 

 we
provide design and development services for prototype and production tooling equipment used in manufacturing.   

 
 
 • Electronic System Design .   We
provide complete electrical and hardware design for products ranging in size from small handheld consumer devices to large high-speed, carrier-grade, telecommunications equipment, which includes
embedded microprocessors, memory, digital signal processing design, high-speed digital interfaces, analog circuit design, power management solutions, wired and wireless communication protocols,
display imaging, audio/video, and radio frequency systems and antenna design.     
 • Reliability and Failure
Analysis .   We provide comprehensive design for manufacturing, test and reliability services using robust tools and
databases that have been developed internally. These services are important in achieving our customers' time to revenue goals and leverage our core manufacturing competencies.    
 • Component Level Development
Engineering .   We have developed substantial engineering competencies for product development and lifecycle management in
support of various component technologies. These components also form a key part of our strategy and currently include power supplies and power solutions, and printed circuit board and
interconnection technologies, both rigid and flexible.  
 
 
 

         We
are exposed to different or greater potential liabilities from our various design services than those we face in our core assembly and manufacturing services. See "Risk
Factors—The success of certain of our activities depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; intellectual property infringement claims against our customers or us
could harm our business."  

          Systems Assembly and Manufacturing.      Our assembly and manufacturing operations, which generate the majority of our revenues, include
printed circuit board assembly and assembly of
systems and subsystems that incorporate printed circuit boards and complex electromechanical components. We often assemble electronics products with our proprietary printed circuit boards and custom
electronic enclosures on either a build-to-order or configure-to-order basis. In these operations, we employ just-in-time, ship-to-stock and ship-to-line programs, continuous flow manufacturing,
demand flow processes, and statistical process controls. As OEMs seek to provide greater functionality in smaller products, they increasingly require more sophisticated manufacturing
technologies and processes. Our investment in advanced manufacturing equipment and our experience and expertise in innovative miniaturization, packaging and interconnect technologies, enables us to
offer a variety of advanced manufacturing solutions. We support a wide range of product demand profiles, from low—volume, high-complexity programs to high-volume production. Continuous
focus on lean manufacturing, a systematic approach to identifying and eliminating waste (non-value-added activities) through continuous improvement based on customer demand, allows us to increase our
efficiency and flexibility to meet our customers' dynamic requirements. Our systems assembly and manufacturing expertise includes the following:  

 
 
 • Enclosures .   We offer a
comprehensive set of custom electronics enclosures and related products and services worldwide. Our services include the design, manufacture and integration of electronics packaging systems, including
custom enclosure systems, power and thermal subsystems, interconnect subsystems, cabling and cases. In addition to standard sheet metal and plastic fabrication services, we assist in the design of
electronics packaging systems that protect sensitive electronics and enhance functionality. Our enclosure design services focus on functionality, manufacturability and testing. These services are
integrated with our other assembly and manufacturing services to provide our customers with overall improved supply chain management.  
 
 
 7 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 
 • Testing Services .   We offer
computer-aided testing services for assembled printed circuit boards, systems and subsystems. These services significantly improve our ability to deliver high-quality products on a consistent basis.
Our test services include management defect analysis, in-circuit testing and functional testing as well as environmental stress tests of board and system assemblies. We also offer design for test,
design for manufacturing and design for environment services to our customers to jointly improve customer product design and manufacturing.     
 • Materials Procurement and Inventory
Management .   Our manufacturing and assembly operations capitalize on our materials inventory management expertise and
volume procurement capabilities. As a result, we believe that we are able to achieve highly competitive cost reductions and reduce total manufacturing cycle time for our OEM customers. Materials
procurement and management consist of the planning, purchasing, expediting and warehousing of components and materials used in the manufacturing process. In addition, our strategy includes having
third-party suppliers of custom components located in our industrial parks to reduce material and transportation costs, simplify logistics and facilitate inventory management. We also use a
sophisticated automated manufacturing resource planning system and enhanced electronic data interchange capabilities to ensure inventory control and optimization. Through our manufacturing resources
planning system, we have real-time visibility of material availability and are able to track the work in process. We utilize electronic data interchange with our customers and suppliers to implement a
variety of supply chain management programs. Electronic data interchange allows customers to share demand and product forecasts and deliver purchase orders and assists suppliers with satisfying
just-in-time delivery and supplier-managed inventory requirements. This also enables us to implement vendor managed inventory solutions to increase flexibility and reduce overall capital allocation in
the supply chain. We procure a wide assortment of materials, including electronic components, plastics and metals. There are a number of sources for these materials, including from customers for whom
we are providing systems assembly and manufacturing services. On some occasions, there have been shortages in certain electronic components, most recently with regard to connectors, capacitors, LCD
panels and memory (both DRAM and Flash). However, such shortages have not had a material impact on our operating results for any periods presented. See "Risk Factors—We may be adversely
affected by shortages of required electronic components."  
 
 
 

          Component businesses.      We offer the following components product solutions:  

 
 
 • Rigid and Flexible Printed Circuit Board ("PCB")
Fabrication .   Printed circuit boards are platforms composed of laminated materials that provide the interconnection for
integrated circuits, passive and other electronic components and thus are at the heart of almost every electrical system. They are formed out of multi-layered epoxy resin and glass cloth systems with
very fine traces and spaces and plated holes (called vias), which interconnect the different layers to an extremely dense circuitry network that carries the integrated circuits and electrical signals.
As semiconductor designs become more and more complex and signal speeds increase, there is an increasing demand on printed circuit board integration density requiring higher layer counts, finer lines
and spacings, smaller vias (microvias) and base materials with electrically very low electrical loss characteristics. The manufacturing of these complex multilayer interconnect products often requires
the use of sophisticated circuit interconnections between layers, and adherence to strict electrical characteristics to maintain consistent circuit transmission speeds and impedances. The global
demand for wireless devices and the complexity of wireless products are driving the demand for more flexible printed circuits. Flexible circuit boards facilitate a reduction in the weight of a
finished  
 
 
 8 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 

 electronic
product and allow the designer to use the third dimension in designing new products or product features. Flexible circuits have become a very attractive design alternative for many new and
emerging application spaces such as automotive rear light-emitting diode ("LED") lighting, tablet computers, and miniaturized radio frequency identification tags or smart cards. We are an industry
leader in high-density interconnect with the Every Layer Inter Connect ("ELIC") technology, which is used in smart phone designs, and multilayer constructions which are used in advanced routers and
switches, telecom equipment, servers, storage, and flexible printed circuit boards and flexible printed circuit board assemblies. Our PCB business (Multek) manufactures printed circuit boards on a
low-volume, quick-turn basis, as well as on a high-volume production basis. We provide quick-turn prototype services that allow us to provide small test quantities to meet the needs of customers'
product development groups in as little as 48 hours. Our extensive range of services enables us to respond to our customers' demands for an accelerated transition from prototype to volume
production. Multek offers a one stop solution from design to manufacturing of PCB, flexible circuits and rigid flex circuits and sub-assemblies. We have printed circuit board and flexible circuit
fabrication service capabilities in North America and Asia. During fiscal year 2014 we completed the closing of our Multek factories in Germany and Brazil. We believe this will drive operational
efficiencies, and result in an optimization of our system, which will lower the revenue level required to achieve better margins. Going forward, our PCB capabilities will be centered in Asia and North
America.   

 
 
 • Power Supplies .   We have a
full service power supply business ("Flex Power") that specializes in the mobile revolution, with expertise in high efficiency and high density switching power supplies ranging from 1 to 3,000 watts.
Our product portfolio includes chargers for smartphones and tablets, adapters for notebooks and gaming, and power supplies for server, storage and networking markets. We pride ourselves on our ability
to service the needs of industry leaders in these markets through valuable technology, design expertise, collaborative development and efficient execution. Our products are fully compliant with
environmental and Energy Star requirements that drive efficiency specifications in our industry. Customers who engage with Flex Power gain access to compelling innovations and intellectual property in
digital control or smart power. We assist customers with quickly bringing products to their markets.  
 
 
 

          Logistics.      Our Flextronics Global Services business is a provider of after-market supply chain logistics services. Our comprehensive
suite of services serve
customers operating in the computing, consumer digital, infrastructure, industrial, mobile and medical markets. Our expansive global infrastructure consists of 25 sites and more than 12,000 employees
strategically located throughout the Americas, Europe and Asia. By leveraging our operational infrastructure, supply chain network, and IT systems, we have the capability of offering globally
consistent logistics solutions for our customers' brands. By linking the flow of information from the supply chains, we create supply chain efficiencies delivering value to our customers. We provide
multiple logistics solutions including supplier managed inventory, inbound freight management, product postponement, build/configure to order, order fulfillment and distribution, and supply chain
network design.  

          Reverse Logistics and Repair Services.      We offer a suite of integrated reverse logistics and repair solutions that are operated on
globally consistent processes, which help our customers
protect their brand loyalty in the marketplace by improving turnaround times and end-customer satisfaction levels. Our objective is to maintain maximum asset value retention of our customers' products
throughout their product life cycle while simultaneously minimizing non-value repair inventory levels and handling in the supply chain. With our suite of end-to-end solutions, we can effectively
manage our customers' reverse logistics requirements while also providing critical feedback of data to their supply chain constituents and delivering continuous improvement and  

 
 9 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 efficiencies
for both existing and next generation products. Our reverse logistics and repair solutions include returns management, exchange programs, complex repair, asset recovery, recycling and
e-waste
management. We provide repair expertise to multiple product lines such as consumer and midrange products, printers, smart phones, consumer medical devices, notebooks, PC's, set-top boxes, game
consoles and highly complex infrastructure products. With our service parts logistics business, we manage all of the logistics and restocking processes essential to the efficient operation of repair
and refurbishment services.  

 

  STRATEGY   

         We are a world-class end-to-end supply chain solutions company. Our strategy is to enable and scale innovation for our customers,
maintain our leadership in our core capabilities and build extended offerings in high-growth sectors. Our goal is to empower talented employees to develop global supply chain solutions that transform
industries and companies.  

 

         Talent.     To maintain our competitiveness and world-class capabilities, we focus on hiring and retaining the world's best talent. We have
taken steps to
attract the best functional and operational leaders and accelerated efforts at developing the future leaders of the company.  

          Customer-Focus.      We believe that serving aspiring leaders in dynamic industries pushes the development of our core skills and results
in superior growth and
profitability. Our customers come first, and we have a relentless focus on delivering distinctive products and services in a cost-effective manner with fast time-to-market.  

         Market-Focus.      We apply a rigorous approach to managing our portfolio of opportunities by focusing on companies and industries that
value our superior capabilities
in design, manufacturing, supply chain and aftermarket services and that are leaders in their industry. We are focusing our energy and efforts on high-growth markets where we have distinctive
competence and a compelling value proposition. Examples include our investments in energy, healthcare, automotive, industrial markets and investments in a number of enabling components technologies.
Our market focused approach to managing our business increases our customers' competitiveness by leveraging our global resources and responsiveness to changes in market dynamics.  

          Global Operations Capabilities.      We continue to invest in maintaining the leadership of our world-class
manufacturing and services capabilities. We constantly push the state of the art in manufacturing technology, process development and operations management. We believe these skills represent a
significant competitive advantage. We continue to capitalize on our industrial park concept, where we co-locate our manufacturing, design, and service resources in low-cost regions, to provide a
competitive advantage by minimizing logistics, manufacturing costs and cycle times while increasing flexibility and responsiveness. Our ability to cost effectively manage a massive worldwide system,
is itself a major competitive advantage.  

          Extended Value Propositions.      We continue to extend our distinctiveness in manufacturing into new value propositions that leverage our
core capabilities. We opportunistically
invest in new capabilities and services to provide our customers with a broader value added suite of services and solutions to meet their product and market requirements. We continue to develop
manufacturing process technologies that reduce cost and improve product performance.  

 

  COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS   

         We continue to enhance our business through the development and broadening of our product and service offerings. Our focus is to be a
flexible organization with repeatable execution that adapts to macro-economic changes and creates value which increases our customers' competitiveness. We have a focused strategy on delivering scale,
scope and speed to our customers through world class operations,  

 10 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 innovation
and design services, supply chain solutions and industry and market expertise. We provide real-time supply chain applications to enable customers to improve supply chain visibility and
monitor and mitigate risks. We believe that the following capabilities differentiate us from our competitors and enable us to better serve our customers' requirements:  

 

         Significant Scale and Global Integrated System.     We believe that scale is a significant competitive advantage, as our customers'
solutions increasingly require cost structures and capabilities that
can only be achieved through size and global reach. We are a leader in global procurement, purchasing approximately $23.6 billion of materials during our fiscal year ended March 31,
2014. As a result, we are able to use
our worldwide supplier relationships to achieve advantageous pricing and supply chain flexibility for our OEM customers.  

         We
have established an extensive, integrated network of design, manufacturing and logistics facilities in the world's major electronics markets to serve the outsourcing needs of both
multinational and regional OEMs. Our extensive global network of facilities in approximately 30 countries with approximately 150,000 permanent employees gives us the ability to increase the
competitiveness of our customers by simplifying their global product development processes while also delivering improved product quality with improved performance and accelerated time to market.
Operating and executing this complex worldwide solutions system is a competitive advantage.  

          End-to-End Solutions.      We offer a comprehensive range of worldwide supply chain services that simplify and improve the global product
development process and provide
meaningful time and cost savings to our OEM customers. Our broad based, end-to-end services enable us to cost effectively design, build, ship and service a complete packaged product. We believe that
our capabilities also help our customers improve product quality, manufacturability and performance, in addition to reducing costs. We have expanded and enhanced our service offering by adding
capabilities in 3D printing, automation, innovation labs, real-time supply chain software, plastics, machining and mobile charging, as well as by introducing new capabilities in areas such as solar
equipment, large format stamping and chargers.  

          Long-Standing Customer Relationships.      We believe that maintaining our long-term relationships with key customers is a critical
requirement for maintaining our market position, growth and
profitability. We believe that our ability to maintain and grow these customer relationships results from our ability to continuously create value that increases our customers' competitiveness. We
achieve this through our broad range of service offerings and solutions, and our market-focused approach, which allows us to provide innovative thinking to all of the manufacturing and related
services that we provide to our customers. We continue to receive numerous service and quality awards that further validate the success of these programs.  

          Extensive Design and Engineering Capabilities.      We have an industry leading global design service offering with extensive product
design engineering resources that provide global design services,
products, and solutions to satisfy a wide array of customer requirements across all of our key markets. We combine our design and manufacturing services to provide end-to-end customized solutions that
include services from design concept, through product industrialization and product development, including the manufacture of components and complete products (such as smart phones), which are then
sold by our OEM customers under the OEMs' brand names.  

 
 11 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

 

          Geographic, Customer and End Market Diversification.      We believe that we have created a well-diversified and balanced company. We have
diversified our business across multiple end markets, significantly
expanding our available market. The world is undergoing change and macro-economic disruptions that have led to demand shifts and realignments. We believe that we are well positioned through our market
diversification to grow in excess of the industry average and successfully navigate through difficult economic climates. Our broad geographic footprint and experience with multiple types and
complexity levels of products provide us a significant competitive advantage. We continually look for new ways to diversify our offering within each market segment.  

          Product Innovation Centers.      We have established state-of-the art innovation centers in the Americas, Asia and Europe, with
differentiated offerings and specialized services and
focus. Some of these offerings include the most advanced 3D plastic printing, 3D metal printing, surface mount technology (SMT), X-ray and test equipment to support major industries in bringing
innovative products to market rapidly. We also have a reliability and failure analysis lab, and automation applications team. Another key feature is our focus on confidentiality and security as we
offer dedicated customer-confidential work spaces that include increased security and restricted access to protect our OEM customers' intellectual property ("IP") and confidentiality of new products
being launched into the marketplace. These innovation centers offer our customers an ability to take their product from concept to volume production and go to market in a rapid, cost effective and low
risk manner.  

          Industrial Parks; Low-Cost Manufacturing Services.      We have developed self-contained campuses that co-locate our manufacturing and
logistics operations with our suppliers at a single, low-cost
location. These industrial parks enhance our total supply chain management, while providing a low-cost, multi-technology solution for our customers. This approach increases the competitiveness of our
customers by reducing logistical barriers and costs, improving communications, increasing flexibility, lowering transportation costs and reducing turnaround times. We have strategically established
our industrial parks in Brazil, China, Hungary, Indonesia, Israel, Malaysia, Mexico, Poland, Romania, and the Ukraine.  

         We
have certain of our manufacturing operations situated in low-cost regions of the world to provide our customers with a wide array of manufacturing solutions and low manufacturing
costs. As of March 31, 2014, approximately 71% of our manufacturing capacity was located in low-cost locations, such as Brazil, China, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Mexico, Poland,
Romania, and the Ukraine. We believe we are a global industry leader in low-cost production capabilities.  

 

  CUSTOMERS   

         Our customers include many of the world's leading technology companies. We have focused on establishing long-term relationships with
our customers and have been successful in expanding our relationships to incorporate additional product lines and services. In fiscal year 2014, our ten largest customers accounted for approximately
52% of net sales. Only Google (including Motorola) accounted for greater than 10% of the Company's net sales in fiscal 2014.  

 12 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


         The
following table lists in alphabetical order a sample of our largest customers in fiscal year 2014 and the end products of those customers for which we provide design, manufacturing
or after-market services:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Customer

 

  
   
 End Products  
 
 
   Alcatel-Lucent 
   
 Business telecommunications systems and core routers and switches 
 
 
   Apple 
   
 Mobile communication devices, notebooks and desktop computing, tablets and consumer entertainment devices 
 
 
   Cisco 
   
 Core routers and switches, wireless and enterprise telecommunications infrastructure 
 
 
   Ericsson 
   
 Radio base stations for Long Term Evolution and GSM infrastructure 
 
 
   Ford Motor Company 
   
 SYNC Modules, Lighting Products, Solenoids and Motion Control Electronics 
 
 
   Hewlett-Packard 
   
 Notebook and netbook computers, inkjet printers and storage devices 
 
 
   Huawei Technologies 
   
 Wireless and enterprise telecommunications infrastructure and smartphones 
 
 
   Microsoft 
   
 Computer peripherals and consumer electronics products 
 
 
   Google (including Motorola) 
   
 Mobile communication devices and consumer electronics products 
 
 
   Xerox 
   
 Office equipment and components 
 
 
 
  
   BACKLOG   

         Although we obtain firm purchase orders from our customers, OEM customers typically do not make firm orders for delivery of products
more than 30 to 90 days in advance. In addition, OEM customers may reschedule or cancel firm orders based upon contractual arrangements. Therefore, we do not believe that the backlog of
expected product sales covered by firm purchase orders is a meaningful measure of future sales.  


  COMPETITION   

         Our market is extremely competitive and includes many companies, several of which have achieved substantial market share. We compete
against numerous domestic and foreign manufacturing service providers, as well as our current and prospective customers, who evaluate our capabilities in light of their own capabilities and cost
structures. We face particular competition from Asian based competitors, including Taiwanese ODM suppliers who compete in a variety of our end markets and have a substantial share of global
information technology hardware production.  

         We
compete with different companies depending on the type of service we are providing or the geographic area in which an activity takes place. We believe that the principal competitive
factors in the manufacturing services market are: quality and range of services; design and technological capabilities; cost; location of facilities; responsiveness and flexibility.  

  SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY   

         Our corporate social responsibility practices focus on global human rights, global environmental conditions, business ethics, and the
health and safety of all stakeholders. We do this with controlled business processes, thus ensuring that our business is conducted in a manner that goes beyond compliance alone. We operate programs,
including compliance audits and compliance capability building programs that focus on driving continuous improvements in social, ethical, and environmental compliance throughout all of our global
operating units in accordance with our Code of Conduct. As a guide to achieve this end, Flextronics looks at principles, policies, and standards as prescribed by the  

 13 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 Electronics
Industry Citizenship Coalition ("EICC"), a worldwide association of electronics companies committed to promoting an industry code of conduct for global electronics supply chains to improve
working and environmental conditions. Flextronics is a founding member of the EICC.  


         Being
a good corporate citizen does not mean that we should merely conform to the standards. We extend beyond meeting responsibilities by offering a wide range of programs and
initiatives that engage our internal and external communities. At the heart of this endeavor lies our pragmatic goal of creating a difference to the people in the community in which we operate. We
intend to continue to invest in these global communities through grant-making, financial contributions, volunteer work, support programs and by donating resources.  

         The
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), Section 1502 introduces reporting requirements related to the verification of whether
Flextronics directly (or indirectly through suppliers of materials) is purchasing the minerals or metals gold, columbite-tantalite, also known as coltan (the metal ore from which tantalum is
extracted); cassiterite (the metal ore from which tin is extracted); gold; wolframite (the metal ore from which tugsten is extracted); or their derivatives; or any other mineral or its derivatives as
determined by the Secretary of State with financing conflicts in the Democratic Republic of the Congo or an adjoin country. Flextronics is working directly with suppliers, industry groups, and
customers to comply with the due diligence reporting requirements necessary to comply with the new law. See "Risk Factor—Compliance with government regulations regarding the use of
"conflict minerals" may result in increased costs and risks to us."  


  ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION   

         Our operations are regulated under various federal, state, local and international laws governing the environment, including laws
governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. We have fully implemented processes
and procedures to ensure that our operations are in compliance with all applicable environmental regulations. We do not believe that costs of compliance with these laws and regulations will have a
material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, operating results, or competitive position. In addition, we are responsible for cleanup of contamination at some of our current and former
manufacturing facilities and at some third-party sites. We engage environmental consulting firms to assist us in the evaluation of environmental liabilities of our ongoing operations, historical
disposal activities and closed sites in order to establish appropriate accruals in our financial statements. We determine the amount of our accruals for environmental matters by analyzing and
estimating the probability of occurrence and the reasonable possibility of incurring costs in light of information currently available. The imposition of more stringent standards or requirements under
environmental laws or regulations, the results of future testing and analysis
undertaken by us at our operating facilities, or a determination that we are potentially responsible for the release of hazardous substances at other sites could result in expenditures in excess of
amounts currently estimated to be required for such matters. There can be no assurance that additional environmental matters will not arise in the future or that costs will not be incurred with
respect to sites as to which no problem is currently known.  

         We
are also required to comply with an increasing number of product environmental compliance regulations focused on the restriction of certain hazardous substances. For example, the
electronics industry is subject to the European Union's ("EU") Restrictions on Hazardous Substances ("RoHS") 2011/65/EU, Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment ("WEEE") 2012/19/EU directives, the
regulation EC 1907/2006 EU Directive REACH ("Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals"), and China RoHS entitled, Management Methods for Controlling Pollution for
Electronic Information Products ("EIPs"). Similar legislation has been or may be enacted in other jurisdictions, including in the United States. Our business requires close collaboration with our  

 14 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 customers
and suppliers to mitigate risk of non-compliance. We have developed rigorous risk mitigating compliance programs designed to meet the needs of our customers as well as the regulations. These
programs vary from collecting compliance or material data from our Flextronics owned suppliers to full laboratory testing, and we require our supply chain to comply. Non-compliance could potentially
result in significant costs and/or penalties. RoHS and other similar legislation bans or restricts the use of lead, mercury and certain other specified substances in electronics products and WEEE
requires EU importers and/or producers to assume responsibility for the collection, recycling and management of waste electronic products and components. In the case of WEEE, although the compliance
responsibility rests primarily with the EU importers and/or producers rather than with EMS companies, OEMs may turn to EMS companies for assistance in meeting their WEEE obligations. New
technical classifications of e-Waste being discussed in the Basel Convention technical working group could affect both Flextronics and Flextronics' customers abilities and obligations in electronics
repair and refurbishment. Flextronics continues to monitor these discussions and is working with our customers and other technical organizations to minimize the impact to legal and responsibly managed
repair operations.  

  EMPLOYEES   

         As of March 31, 2014, our global workforce totaled approximately 150,000 permanent employees. In certain international
locations, our employees are represented by labor unions and by work councils. We have never experienced a significant work stoppage or strike, and we believe that our employee relations are good.  

         Our
success depends to a large extent upon the continued services of key managerial and technical employees. The loss of such personnel could seriously harm our business, results of
operations and business prospects. To date, we have not experienced significant difficulties in attracting or retaining such personnel.  

  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY   

         We own or license various United States and foreign patents relating to a variety of technologies. For certain of our proprietary
processes, we rely on trade secret protection. We also have registered our corporate name and several other trademarks and service marks that we use in our business in the United States and other
countries throughout the world. As of March 31, 2014 and 2013, the carrying value of our intellectual property was not material.  

         Although
we believe that our intellectual property assets and licenses are sufficient for the operation of our business as we currently conduct it, from time to time third parties do
assert patent infringement claims against us or our customers. In addition, we provide design and engineering services to our customers and also design and make our own products. As a consequence of
these activities, our customers are requiring us to take responsibility for intellectual property to a greater extent than in our manufacturing and assembly businesses. If and when third parties make
assertions regarding the ownership or right to use intellectual property, we could be required to either enter into licensing arrangements or to resolve the issue through litigation. Such license
rights might not be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all, and any such litigation might not be resolved in our favor. Additionally, litigation could be lengthy and costly and
could materially harm our financial condition regardless of the outcome. We also could be required to incur substantial costs to redesign a product or re-perform design services.  

  FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT GEOGRAPHIC AREAS   

         Refer to note 19 to our consolidated financial statements included under Item 8 for financial information about our
geographic areas.  

 15 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION   

         Our internet address is http://www.flextronics.com. We make available through our Internet website the Company's annual reports on
Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

         We
were incorporated in the Republic of Singapore in May 1990. Our principal corporate office is located at 2 Changi South Lane, Singapore 486123. Our U.S. corporate headquarters is
located at 6201 America Center Drive, San Jose, CA, 95002.   

   
       ITEM 1A.     RISK FACTORS          


  We depend on industries that continually produce technologically advanced products with short life cycles and our business would be adversely affected if our customers'
products are not successful or if our customers lose market share.   

         We derive our revenues from customers in the following business groups: 

 
 
 • HRS, which is comprised of our medical, automotive, defense and aerospace businesses;    
 • HVS, which includes our mobile devices business, including smart phones; our consumer electronics business, including game
consoles and wearable electronics; and high-volume computing business, including various supply chain solutions for notebook personal computing ("PC"), tablets and printers;    
 • IEI, which is comprised of our household appliances, semi-cap equipment, kiosks, energy and emerging industries
businesses; and  
 • INS, which includes our telecommunications infrastructure, data networking, connected home, and server and storage
businesses.  
 

         Factors
affecting any of these industries in general or our customers in particular, could adversely impact us. These factors include: 

 
 
 • rapid changes in technology, evolving industry standards and requirements for continuous improvement in products and
services result in short product life cycles;  
 • demand for our customers' products may be seasonal;  
 • our customers may fail to successfully market their products, and our customers' products may fail to gain widespread
commercial acceptance;  
 • our customers may experience dramatic market share shifts in demand which may cause them to lose market share or exit the
business; and  
 • there may be recessionary periods in our customers' markets, such as the recent global economic downturn.  
 

  Our customers may cancel their orders, change production quantities or locations, or delay production, and the inherent difficulties involved in responding to these demands
could harm our business.   

         Cancellations, reductions or delays by a significant customer or by a group of customers have harmed, and may in the future harm, our
results of operations by reducing the volumes of products we manufacture and deliver for these customers, by causing a delay in the repayment of our expenditures for inventory in preparation for
customer orders and by lowering our asset utilization resulting in lower gross margins. Additionally, current and prospective customers continuously evaluate our capabilities  

 16 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 against
other providers as well as against the merits of manufacturing products themselves. Our business would be adversely affected if OEMs decide to perform these functions internally or
transfer their business to another provider.  

         As
a provider of design and manufacturing services and components for electronics, we must provide increasingly rapid product turnaround time for our customers. We generally do not
obtain firm, long-term purchase commitments from our customers, and we often experience reduced lead times in customer orders which may be less than the lead time we require to procure necessary
components and materials.  

         The
short-term nature of our customers' commitments and the rapid changes in demand for their products reduces our ability to accurately estimate the future requirements of our
customers. This makes it difficult to schedule production and maximize utilization of our manufacturing capacity. In that regard, we must make significant decisions, including determining the levels
of business that we will seek and accept, setting production schedules, making component procurement commitments, and allocating personnel and other resources, based on our estimates of our customers'
requirements.  

         On
occasion, customers require rapid increases in production or require that manufacturing of their products be transitioned from one facility to another to reduce costs or achieve other
objectives. These demands stress our resources and reduce our margins. We may not have sufficient capacity at any given time to meet our customers' demands, and transfers from one facility to another
can result in inefficiencies and costs due to excess capacity in one facility and corresponding capacity constraints at another. Due to many of our costs and operating expenses being relatively fixed,
customer order fluctuations, deferrals and transfers of demand from one facility to another, as described above, have
had a material adverse effect on our operating results in the past and we may experience such effects in the future.  

  Our industry is extremely competitive; if we are not able to continue to provide competitive services, we may lose business.   

         We compete with a number of different companies, depending on the type of service we provide or the location of our operations. For
example, we compete with major global EMS providers, other smaller EMS companies that have a regional or product-specific focus and ODMs with respect to some of the services that we provide. We
also compete with our current and prospective customers, who evaluate our capabilities in light of their own capabilities and cost structures. Our industry is extremely competitive, many of our
competitors have achieved substantial market share, and some may have lower cost structures or greater design, manufacturing, financial or other resources than we do. We face particular competition
from Asian-based competitors, including Taiwanese ODM suppliers who compete in a variety of our end markets and have a substantial share of global information technology hardware production. If we are
unable to provide comparable manufacturing services and improved products at lower cost than the other companies in our market, our net sales could decline.  

 17 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


    
 Table of Contents   

  The majority of our sales come from a small number of customers and a decline in sales to any of these customers could adversely affect our business.   

         Sales to our ten largest customers represent a significant percentage of our net sales. Our ten largest customers accounted for
approximately 52%, 47% and 55% of net sales in fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Only Google (including Motorola) accounted for more than 10% of net sales in fiscal 2014. No customer
accounted for greater than 10% of the Company's net sales in fiscal 2013. Our largest customers during fiscal year 2012 were Hewlett-Packard (HP) and Blackberry, which each accounted for more than 10%
of net sales. Our principal customers have varied from year to year. These customers may experience dramatic declines in their market shares or competitive position, due to economic or other forces,
that may cause them to reduce their purchases from us or, in some cases, result in the termination of their relationship with us. Significant reductions in sales to any of these customers, or the loss
of major customers, would materially harm our business. If we are not able to timely replace expired, canceled or reduced contracts with new business, our revenues and profitability could be harmed.  

  Our components business is dependent on our ability to quickly launch world-class components products, and our investment in the development of our component capabilities,
together with the start-up and integration costs necessary to achieve quick launches of world-class components products, may adversely affect our margins and profitability.   

         Our components business, which includes rigid and flexible printed circuit board fabrication, and power supplies manufacturing, is part
of our strategy to improve our competitive position and to grow our future margins, profitability and shareholder returns by expanding our capabilities. The success of our components business is
dependent on our ability to design and introduce world-class components that have performance characteristics which are suitable for a broad market and that offer significant price and/or performance
advantages over competitive products.  

         To
create these world class components offerings, we must continue to make substantial investments in the development of our components capabilities, in resources such as research and
development, technology licensing, test and tooling equipment, facility expansions and personnel requirements. We may not be able to achieve or maintain market acceptance for any of our components
offerings in any of our current or target markets. The success of our components business will also depend upon the level of market acceptance of our customers' end products, which incorporate our
components, and over which we have no control.  

         In
addition, OEMs often require unique configurations or custom designs which must be developed and integrated in the OEM's product well before the product is launched by the OEM.
Thus, there is often substantial lead time between the commencement of design efforts for a customized component and the commencement of volume shipments of the component to the OEM. As a result, we
may make substantial investments in the development and customization of products for our customers, and no revenue may be generated from these efforts if our customers do not accept the customized
component. Even if our customers accept the customized component, if our customers do not purchase anticipated levels of products, we may not realize any profits.  

         Our
achievement of anticipated levels of profitability in our components business is also dependent on our ability to achieve efficiencies in our manufacturing as well as to manufacture
components in commercial quantities to the performance specifications demanded by our OEM customers. As a result of these and other risks, we have been, and in the future may be, unable to achieve
anticipated levels of profitability in our components business.  

 18 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Our exposure to financially troubled customers or suppliers may adversely affect our financial results.   


         We provide manufacturing services to companies and industries that have in the past, and may in the future, experience financial
difficulty. If our customers experience financial difficulty, we could have difficulty recovering amounts owed to us from these customers, or demand for our products from these customers could
decline. Additionally, if our suppliers experience financial difficulty we could have difficulty sourcing supply necessary to fulfil production requirements and meet scheduled shipments. If one or
more of our customers were to become insolvent or otherwise were unable to pay for the services provided by us on a timely basis, or at all, our operating results and financial condition could be
adversely affected. Such adverse effects could include one or more of the following: an increase in our provision for doubtful accounts, a charge for inventory write-offs, a reduction in revenue, and
an increase in our working capital requirements due to higher inventory levels and increases in days our accounts receivable are outstanding.  

  We may be adversely affected by shortages of required electronic components.   

         From time to time, we have experienced shortages of some of the electronic components that we use. These shortages can result from
strong demand for those components or from problems experienced by suppliers, such as shortages of raw materials. These unanticipated component shortages could result in curtailed production or delays
in production, which may prevent us from making scheduled shipments to customers. Our inability to make scheduled shipments could cause us to experience a reduction in sales, increase in inventory
levels and costs, and could adversely affect relationships with existing and prospective customers. Component shortages may also increase our cost of goods sold because we may be required to pay
higher prices for components in short supply and redesign or reconfigure products to accommodate substitute components. As a result, component shortages could adversely affect our operating results.
Our performance depends, in part, on our ability to incorporate changes in component costs into the selling prices for our products.  

         Our
supply chain may also be impacted by other events outside our control, including macro-economic events, political crises or natural or environmental occurrences. Component shortages
impacted our results during fiscal year 2012. The supply constraints were broad based, but the impact was most evident with respect to connectors, capacitors, LCD panels and memory (both DRAM and
Flash). The March 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan resulted in disruptions to our supply chain, as a large number of our suppliers of semiconductors and other electronic components are located in
Japan. These disruptions had a negative impact on our revenue in the first and second quarters of fiscal year 2012.  

  Our margins and profitability may be adversely affected due to substantial investments, start-up and production ramping costs in our design services.   

         As part of our strategy to enhance our end-to-end service offerings, we have expanded and continue to expand our design and engineering
capabilities. Providing these services can expose us to different or greater potential risks than those we face when providing our manufacturing services.  


         Although
we enter into contracts with our design services customers, we may design and develop products for these customers prior to receiving a purchase order or other firm commitment
from them. We are required to make substantial investments in the resources necessary to design and develop these products, and no revenue may be generated from these efforts if our customers do not
approve the designs in a timely manner or at all. Even if our customers accept our designs, if they do not then purchase anticipated levels of products, we may not realize any profits. Our design
activities often require that we purchase inventory for initial production runs before we have a purchase commitment from a customer. Even after we have a contract with a customer with respect to a
product, these contracts may allow the customer to delay or cancel deliveries and may not obligate the customer to  

 19 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 any
particular volume of purchases. These contracts can generally be terminated on short notice. In addition, some of the products we design and develop must satisfy safety and regulatory standards
and some must receive government certifications. If we fail to obtain these approvals or certifications on a timely basis, we would be unable to sell these products, which would harm our sales,
profitability and reputation.  

         Due
to the increased risks associated with our design services offerings, we may not be able to achieve a high enough level of sales for this business, and the significant investments in
research and development, technology licensing, test and tooling equipment, patent applications, facility expansion and recruitment that it requires, to be profitable. The initial costs of investing
in the resources necessary to expand our design and engineering capabilities, and in particular to support our design services offerings, have historically adversely affected our profitability, and
may continue to do so as we continue to make investments in these capabilities.  


         In
addition, we agree to certain product price limitations and cost reduction targets in connection with these services. Inflationary and other increases in the costs of the raw
materials and labor required to produce the products have occurred and may recur from time to time. Also, the production ramps for these programs are typically significant and negatively impact our
margin in early stages as the manufacturing volumes are lower and result in inefficiencies and unabsorbed manufacturing overhead
costs. We may not be able to reduce costs, incorporate changes in costs into the selling prices of our products, or increase operating efficiencies as we ramp production of our products, which would
adversely affect our margins and our results of operations.  

  We conduct operations in a number of countries and are subject to risks of international operations.   

         The distances between the Americas, Asia and Europe create a number of logistical and communications challenges for us. These
challenges include managing operations across multiple time zones, directing the manufacture and delivery of products across distances, coordinating procurement of components and raw materials and
their delivery to multiple locations, and coordinating the activities and decisions of the core management team, which is based in a number of different countries. Facilities in several different
locations may be involved at different stages of the production process of a single product, leading to additional logistical difficulties.  

         Because
our manufacturing operations are located in a number of countries throughout the Americas, Asia and Europe, we are subject to risks of changes in economic and political
conditions in those countries, including: 

 
 
 • fluctuations in the value of local currencies;  
 • labor unrest, difficulties in staffing and geographic labor shortages;  
 • longer payment cycles;  
 • cultural differences;  
 • increases in duties and taxation levied on our products;  
 • imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds;    
 • limitations on imports or exports of components or assembled products, or other travel restrictions;    
 • expropriation of private enterprises;  
 • exposure to infectious disease and epidemics;  
 • political unrest; and  
 
 20 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 • a potential reversal of current favorable policies encouraging foreign investment or foreign trade by our host countries.  
 

         The
attractiveness of our services to U.S. customers can be affected by changes in U.S. trade policies, such as most favored nation status and trade preferences for some Asian countries.
In addition, some countries in which we operate, such as Brazil, Hungary, India, Mexico, Malaysia and Poland, have experienced periods of slow or negative growth, high inflation, significant currency
devaluations or limited availability of foreign exchange. Furthermore, in countries such as China, Brazil and Mexico, governmental authorities exercise significant influence over many aspects of the
economy, and their actions could have a significant effect on us. We could be seriously harmed by inadequate infrastructure, including lack of adequate power and water supplies, transportation, raw
materials and parts in countries in which we operate. In addition, we may encounter labor disruptions and rising
labor costs, in particular within the lower-cost regions in which we operate. Any increase in labor costs that we are unable to recover in our pricing to our customers could adversely impact our
operating results.  

         Operations
in foreign countries also present risks associated with currency exchange and convertibility, inflation and repatriation of earnings. In some countries, economic and monetary
conditions and other factors could affect our ability to convert our cash distributions to U.S. dollars or other freely convertible currencies, or to move funds from our accounts in these countries.
Furthermore, the central bank of any of these countries may have the authority to suspend, restrict or otherwise impose conditions on foreign exchange transactions or to approve distributions to
foreign investors.  

  The success of certain of our activities depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; intellectual property infringement claims against our customers
or us could harm our business.   

         We retain certain intellectual property rights to some of the technologies that we develop as part of our engineering, design and
manufacturing services and components offerings. The measures we have taken to prevent unauthorized use of our technology may not be successful. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property
rights, this could reduce or eliminate the competitive advantages of our proprietary technology, which would harm our business.  


         Our
engineering, design and manufacturing services and components offerings involve the creation and use of intellectual property rights, which subject us to the risk of claims of
intellectual property infringement from third parties, as well as claims arising from the allocation of intellectual property rights among us and our customers. In addition, our customers are
increasingly requiring us to indemnify them against the risk of intellectual property infringement. If any claims are brought against us or our customers for such infringement, whether or not these
have merit, we could be required to expend significant resources in defense of such claims. In the event of such an infringement claim, we may be required to spend a significant amount of money to
develop non-infringing alternatives or obtain licenses. We may not be successful in developing such alternatives or obtaining such licenses on reasonable terms or at all.  

  If our security systems are breached, we may incur significant legal and financial exposure.   

         We have implemented security systems with the intent of maintaining the physical security of our facilities and inventory and
protecting our customers' and our suppliers' confidential information. We regularly face attempts by others to gain unauthorized access through the Internet or to introduce malicious software to our
information systems. Despite our efforts, we are subject to, and at times have suffered from, breach of these security systems which have in the past and
may in the future result in unauthorized access to our facilities and/or unauthorized use or theft of the inventory or information we are trying to protect. If unauthorized parties gain physical
access to our inventory or if they gain  

 21 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 electronic
access to our information systems or if such information or inventory is used in an unauthorized manner, misdirected, lost or stolen during transmission or transport, any theft or misuse of
such information or inventory could result in, among other things, unfavorable publicity, governmental inquiry and oversight, difficulty in marketing our services, allegations by our customers that we
have not performed our contractual obligations, litigation by affected parties including our customers and possible financial obligations for damages related to the theft or misuse of such information
or inventory, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and cash flow. We believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology
and our operations from the breach of our security systems.  


  If our compliance policies are breached, we may incur significant legal and financial exposure.   

         We have implemented local and global compliance policies to ensure compliance with our legal obligations across our operations. A
significant legal risk resulting from our international operations is compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or similar local laws of the countries in which we do business, including
the UK Anti-Bribery Act, which prohibits covered companies from making payments to foreign government officials to assist in obtaining or retaining business. Our Code of Business Conduct prohibits
corrupt payments on a global basis and precludes us from offering or giving anything of value to a government official for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, to win a business advantage
or to improperly influence a decision regarding Flextronics. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that all of our employees and agents will refrain from taking actions in violation of this and our
related anti-corruption policies and procedures. Any such violation could have a material adverse effect on our business.  

  We are subject to risks relating to litigation, which may have a material adverse effect on our business.   

         From time to time, we are involved in various claims, suits, investigations and legal proceedings. Additional legal claims or
regulatory matters may arise in the future and could involve matters relating to commercial disputes, government regulatory and compliance, intellectual property, antitrust, tax, employment or
shareholder issues, product liability claims and other issues on a
global basis. Regardless of the merits of the claims, litigation may be both time-consuming and disruptive to our business. The defense and ultimate outcome of any lawsuits or other legal proceedings
may result in higher operating expenses and a decrease in operating margin, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.  

  Compliance with government regulations regarding the use of "conflict minerals" may result in increased costs and risks to us.   

         As part of the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC has promulgated disclosure requirements regarding the use of certain minerals (the "Minerals"),
which may be mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries. The disclosure requirements will take effect for the Company in May 2014 with regards to products manufactured during
calendar year 2013. We will have to publicly disclose whether the products we sell contain these Minerals and have and may continue to incur significant costs related to implementing a process that
will meet the mandates of the Act. Additionally, customers rely on us to provide critical data regarding the products they purchase and will likely request information on such Minerals. Our materials
sourcing is broad-based and multi-tiered, and we may not be able to easily verify the origins of the Minerals used in the products we sell. We have many suppliers and each may provide the required
information in a different manner, if at all. Accordingly, because the supply chain is complex, our reputation may suffer if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of the Minerals, if any,
used in our products. Additionally, customers may demand that the products they purchase be free of any Minerals originating in the specified countries. The implementation of this requirement could
affect the sourcing and availability of products we purchase  

 22 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 from
our suppliers. This may reduce the number of suppliers that may be able to provide products and may affect our ability to obtain products in sufficient quantities to meet customer demand or at
competitive prices.  

  We may not meet regulatory quality standards applicable to our manufacturing and quality processes for medical devices, which could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations.   

         As a medical device manufacturer, we have additional compliance requirements. We are required to register with the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration ("FDA") and are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with the FDA's Quality System Regulation ("QSR") requirements, which require manufacturers of medical devices to
adhere to certain
regulations, including testing, quality control and documentation procedures. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is rigorously monitored through
periodic inspections and product field monitoring by the FDA. If any FDA inspection reveals noncompliance with QSR or other FDA regulations, and the Company does not address the observation adequately
to the satisfaction of the FDA, the FDA may take action against us. FDA actions may include issuing a letter of inspectional observations, issuing a warning letter, imposing fines, bringing an action
against the Company and its officers, requiring a recall of the products we manufactured for our customers, refusing requests for clearance or approval of new products or withdrawal of clearance or
approval previously granted, issuing an import detention on products entering the U.S. from an offshore facility, or shutting down a manufacturing facility. If any of these actions were to occur, it
would harm our reputation and cause our business to suffer.  

         In
the European Union ("EU"), we are required to maintain certain standardized certifications in order to sell our products and must undergo periodic inspections to obtain and maintain
these certifications. Continued noncompliance to the EU regulations could stop the flow of products into the EU from us or from our customers. In China, the Safe Food and Drug Administration controls
and regulates the manufacture and commerce of healthcare products. We must comply with the regulatory laws applicable to medical device manufactures or our ability to manufacture products in China
could be impacted. In Japan, the Pharmaceutical Affairs Laws regulate the manufacture and commerce of healthcare products. These regulations also require that subcontractors manufacturing products
intended for sale in Japan register with authorities and submit to regulatory audits. Other Asian countries where we operate have similar laws regarding the regulation of medical device manufacturing.  

  We are subject to the risk of increased income taxes.   

         We are subject to taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings
in countries with differing statutory rates and changes in tax laws or their interpretation including changes related to tax holidays or tax incentives. Our taxes could increase if certain tax
holidays or incentives are not renewed upon expiration, or if tax rates applicable to us in such jurisdictions are otherwise increased. Our continued ability to qualify for specific tax holiday
extensions will depend on, among other things, our anticipated investment and expansion in these countries and the manner in which the local governments interpret the requirements for modifications,
extensions or new incentives.  

         In
addition, the Company and its subsidiaries are regularly subject to tax return audits and examinations by various taxing jurisdictions around the world. In determining the adequacy of
our provision for income taxes, we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from tax examinations. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of the
resolution of a tax examination, we believe that our reserves for uncertain tax benefits reflect the outcome of tax positions that are more likely than not to occur. However, we cannot assure you that
the final determination of any tax examinations will not be materially different than that which is reflected in  

 23 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 our
income tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of a current or future examination, there could be a material adverse effect on our tax provision, operating
results, financial position and cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made.  

  If our products or components contain defects, demand for our services may decline and we may be exposed to product liability and product warranty liability.   

         Defects in the products we manufacture or design, whether caused by a design, engineering, manufacturing or component failure or
deficiencies in our manufacturing processes, could result in product or component failures, which may damage our business reputation and expose us to product liability or product warranty claims.  


         Product
liability claims may include liability for personal injury or property damage. Product warranty claims may include liability to pay for the recall, repair or replacement of a
product or component. Although we generally allocate liability for these claims in our contracts with our customers, increasingly we are unsuccessful in allocating such liability, and even where we
have allocated liability to our customers, our customers may not have the resources to satisfy claims for costs or liabilities arising from a defective product or component for which they have assumed
responsibility.  

         If
we design, engineer or manufacture a product or component that is found to cause any personal injury or property damage or is otherwise found to be defective, we could spend a
significant amount of money to resolve the claim. In addition, product liability and product recall insurance coverage are expensive and may not be available with respect to all of our services
offerings on acceptable terms, in sufficient amounts, or at all. A successful product liability or product warranty claim in excess of our insurance coverage or any material claim for which insurance
coverage is denied, limited or is not available could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  

  Our failure to comply with environmental laws could adversely affect our business.   

         We are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including regulations governing the
use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous substances used in our manufacturing processes. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing the recyclability of products, the materials
that may be included in products, and our
obligations to dispose of these products after end users have finished with them. Additionally, we may be exposed to liability to our customers relating to the materials that may be included in the
components that we procure for our customers' products. Any violation or alleged violation by us of environmental laws could subject us to significant costs, fines or other penalties.  

         We
are also required to comply with an increasing number of global and local product environmental compliance regulations focused on the restriction of certain hazardous substances. We
are subject to the EU directives, including the Restrictions on RoHS, the WEEE as well as the EU's REACH regulation. In addition, new technical classifications of e-Waste being discussed in the Basel
Convention technical working group could affect both our customers' abilities and obligations in electronics repair and refurbishment. Also of note is China's Management Methods for Controlling
Pollution Caused by EIPs regulation, commonly referred to as "China RoHS", which restricts the importation into and production within China of electrical equipment containing certain hazardous
materials. Similar legislation has been or may be enacted in other jurisdictions, including in the United States. RoHS and other similar legislation bans or restricts the use of lead, mercury and
certain other specified substances in electronics products and WEEE requires EU importers and/or producers to assume responsibility for the collection, recycling and management of waste electronic
products and components. We have developed rigorous risk mitigating compliance programs designed to meet the needs of our customers as well as applicable regulations. These programs may include
collecting  

 24 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 compliance
data from our suppliers, full laboratory testing and public reporting of other environmental metrics such as carbon emissions, electronic waste and water, and we also require our supply
chain to comply. Non-compliance could potentially result in significant costs and/or penalties. In the case of WEEE, the compliance responsibility rests primarily with the EU importers and/or
producers rather than with EMS companies. However, OEMs may turn to EMS companies for assistance in meeting their obligations under WEEE.  

         In
addition, we are responsible for cleanup of contamination at some of our current and former manufacturing facilities and at some third party sites. If more stringent compliance or
cleanup standards under environmental laws or regulations are imposed, or the results of future testing and analyses at our current or former operating facilities indicate that we are responsible for
the release of hazardous substances into the air, ground and/or water, we may be subject to additional liability. Additional environmental matters may arise in the future at sites where no problem is
currently known or at sites that we may acquire in the future. Our failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations or adequately address contaminated sites could limit our ability to expand
our facilities or could require us to incur significant expenses, which would harm our business.  

  If we do not effectively manage changes in our operations, our business may be harmed; we have taken substantial restructuring charges in the past and we may need to take
material restructuring charges in the future.   

         In recent years, we have experienced growth in our business through a combination of internal growth and acquisitions. However, our
business also has been negatively impacted by the recent adverse global economic conditions. The expansion of our business, as well as business contractions and other changes in our customers'
requirements, have in the past, and may in the future, require that we adjust our business and cost structures by incurring restructuring charges. Restructuring activities involve reductions in our
workforce at some locations and closure of certain facilities. All of these changes have in the past placed, and may in the future place, considerable strain on our financial and management control
systems and resources, including decision support, accounting management, information systems and facilities. If we do not properly manage our financial and management controls, reporting systems and
procedures to manage our employees, our business could be harmed.  

         In
recent years, including during fiscal years 2014 and 2013, we undertook initiatives to restructure our business operations through a series of restructuring activities, which were
intended to realign our global capacity and infrastructure with demand by our OEM customers and thereby improve our operational efficiency. These activities included reducing excess workforce and
capacity, transitioning manufacturing to lower-cost locations and eliminating redundant facilities, and consolidating and eliminating certain administrative facilities.  

         While
we incur severance, asset impairment charges and other charges as a result of changes in our customer mix on an ongoing basis, such individual actions were not considered material
and did not qualify as restructuring charges per accounting principles generally accepted in the United States to be separately disclosed as restructuring charges in fiscal year 2012, and are included
in either cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses, as appropriate. Our restructuring activities undertaken during fiscal years 2014 and 2013 have been disclosed separately on our
statement of operations. We may be required to take additional charges in the future to align our operations and cost structures with global economic conditions, market demands, cost competitiveness,
and our geographic footprint as it relates to our customers' production requirements. We may consolidate certain manufacturing facilities or transfer certain of our operations to lower cost
geographies. If we are required to take additional restructuring charges in the future, our operating results, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely impacted. Additionally, there are
other potential risks associated with our restructurings that could adversely affect us, such as delays encountered with the  

 25 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 finalization
and implementation of the restructuring activities, work stoppages, and the failure to achieve targeted cost savings.  

  Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could increase our operating costs.   

         We have manufacturing operations and industrial parks that are located in lower cost regions of the world, such as Asia, Eastern Europe
and Mexico. Most of our purchase and some of our sale transactions are denominated in currencies other than the United States dollar. As a result, we are exposed to fluctuations in these currencies
impacting our fixed cost overhead or our supply base relative to the currencies in which we conduct transactions.  


         Currency
exchange rates fluctuate on a daily basis as a result of a number of factors, including changes in a country's political and economic policies. Volatility in the functional and
non-functional currencies of our entities and the United States dollar could seriously harm our business, operating results and financial condition. The primary impact of currency exchange
fluctuations is on the cash, receivables, payables and expenses of our operating entities. As part of our currency hedging strategy, we use financial instruments, primarily forward exchange and swap
contracts, to hedge our foreign currency exposure in order to reduce the short-term impact of foreign currency rate fluctuations on our operating results. If our hedging activities are not successful
or if we change or reduce these hedging activities in the future, we may experience significant unexpected fluctuations in our operating results as a result of changes in exchange rates.  

         We
are also exposed to risks related to the valuation of the Chinese currency relative to the U.S. dollar. The Chinese currency is the renminbi ("RMB"). A significant increase in the
value of the RMB could adversely affect our financial results and cash flows by increasing both our manufacturing costs and the costs of our local supply base.  


  We depend on our executive officers and skilled management personnel.   

         Our success depends to a large extent upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key employees. Generally our
employees are not bound by employment or non-competition agreements, and we cannot assure you that we will retain our executive officers and other key employees. We could be seriously harmed by the
loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees. We will need to recruit and retain skilled management personnel, and if we are not able to do so, our business could be harmed. In
addition, in connection with expanding our design services offerings, we must attract and retain experienced design engineers. There is substantial competition in our industry for highly skilled
employees. Our failure to recruit and retain experienced design engineers could limit the growth of our design services offerings, which could adversely affect our business.  

  Failure to comply with domestic or international employment and related laws could result in the payment of significant damages, which would reduce our net income.   

         We are subject to a variety of domestic and foreign employment laws, including those related to safety, wages and overtime,
discrimination, whistle-blowing, classification of employees and severance payments. Enforcement activity relating to these laws, particularly outside of the United States, can increase as a result of
increased media attention due to violations by other companies, changes in law, political and other factors. There can be no assurance that we won't be found to have violated such laws in the future,
due to a more aggressive enforcement posture by governmental authorities or for any other reason. Any such violations could lead to the assessment of fines against us by federal, state or foreign
regulatory authorities or damages payable to employees, which fines could be substantial and which would reduce our net income.  

 26 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

  We may encounter difficulties with acquisitions, which could harm our business.   

         We have completed numerous acquisitions of businesses and we may acquire additional businesses in the future. Any future acquisitions
may require additional equity financing, which could be dilutive to our existing shareholders, or additional debt financing, which could increase our leverage and potentially affect our credit
ratings. Any downgrades in our credit ratings associated with an acquisition could adversely affect our ability to borrow by resulting in more restrictive borrowing terms. As a result of the
foregoing, we also may not be able to complete acquisitions or strategic customer transactions in the future to the same extent as in the past, or at all.  

         To
integrate acquired businesses, we must implement our management information systems, operating systems and internal controls, and assimilate and manage the personnel of the acquired
operations. The difficulties of this integration may be further complicated by geographic distances. The integration of acquired businesses may not be successful and could result in disruption to
other parts of our business. In addition, the integration of acquired businesses may require that we incur significant restructuring charges.  


         In
addition, acquisitions involve numerous risks and challenges, including: 

 
 
 • diversion of management's attention from the normal operation of our business;    
 • potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired companies;    
 • difficulties managing and integrating operations in geographically dispersed locations;    
 • the potential for deficiencies in internal controls at acquired companies;    
 • increases in our expenses and working capital requirements, which reduce our return on invested capital;    
 • lack of experience operating in the geographic market or industry sector of the acquired business; and    
 • exposure to unanticipated liabilities of acquired companies.  
 

         These
and other factors have harmed, and in the future could harm, our ability to achieve anticipated levels of profitability at acquired operations or realize other anticipated benefits
of an acquisition, and could adversely affect our business and operating results.  

  Our strategic relationships with major customers create risks.   

         In the past, we have completed numerous strategic transactions with OEM customers. Under these arrangements, we generally acquire
inventory, equipment and other assets from the OEM, and lease or acquire their manufacturing facilities, while simultaneously entering into multi-year manufacturing and supply agreements for the
production of their products. We may pursue these OEM divestiture transactions in the future. These arrangements entered into with divesting OEMs typically involve many risks, including the
following: 

 
 
 • we may need to pay a purchase price to the divesting OEMs that exceeds the value we ultimately may realize from the
future business of the OEM;  
 • the integration of the acquired assets and facilities into our business may be time-consuming and costly, including the
incurrence of restructuring charges;  
 • we, rather than the divesting OEM, bear the risk of excess capacity at the facility;    
 • we may not achieve anticipated cost reductions and efficiencies at the facility;  
 
 27 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 • we may be unable to meet the expectations of the OEM as to volume, product quality, timeliness and cost reductions;    
 • our supply agreements with the OEMs generally do not require any minimum volumes of purchase by the OEMs, and the
actual volume of purchases may be less than anticipated; and  
 • if demand for the OEMs' products declines, the OEM may reduce its volume of purchases, and we may not be able to
sufficiently reduce the expenses of operating the facility or use the facility to provide services to other OEMs.  
 

         As
a result of these and other risks, we have been, and in the future may be, unable to achieve anticipated levels of profitability under these arrangements. In addition, these strategic
arrangements have not, and in the future may not, result in any material revenues or contribute positively to our earnings per share.  

  Our business and operations could be adversely impacted by climate change initiatives.   

         Concern over climate change has led to international legislative and regulatory initiatives directed at limiting carbon dioxide and
other greenhouse gas emissions. Proposed and existing efforts to address climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions could directly or indirectly affect our costs of energy, materials,
manufacturing, distribution, packaging and other operating costs, which could impact our business and financial results.  

  Our operating results may fluctuate significantly due to seasonal demand.   

         Two of our significant end markets are the mobile devices market and the consumer devices market. These markets exhibit particular
strength generally in the two quarters leading up to the end of the calendar year in connection with the holiday season. As a result, we have historically experienced stronger revenues in our second
and third fiscal quarters as compared to our other fiscal quarters. Economic or other factors leading to diminished orders in the end of the calendar year could harm our business.  

  Our debt level may create limitations.   

         As of March 31, 2014, our total debt was approximately $2.1 billion. This level of indebtedness could limit our
flexibility as a result of debt service requirements and restrictive covenants, and may limit our ability to access additional capital or execute our business strategy.  

  Changes in our credit rating may make it more expensive for us to raise additional capital or to borrow additional funds.   


         Our credit is rated by credit rating agencies. Our 4.625% Notes and our 5.000% Notes are currently rated BB+ by Standard and Poor's
("S&P") and Ba1 by Moody's, and are considered to be below "investment grade" debt by Moody's and S&P. Any further decline in our credit rating may make it more expensive for us to raise additional
capital in the future on terms that are acceptable to us, if at all; negatively impact the price of our common stock; increase our interest payments under some of our existing debt agreements; and
have other negative implications on our business, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, the interest rate payable on some of our credit facilities is subject to adjustment from time to
time if our credit ratings change. Thus, any potential future negative change in our credit rating may increase the interest rate payable on these credit facilities.  

 28 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Weak global economic conditions and instability in financial markets may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and access to capital
markets.   

         Our revenue and gross margin depend significantly on general economic conditions and the demand for products in the markets in which
our customers compete. Adverse worldwide economic conditions may create challenging conditions in the electronics industry. These conditions may result in reduced consumer and business confidence and
spending in many countries, a tightening in the credit markets, a reduced level of liquidity in many financial markets and high volatility in credit, fixed income and equity markets. In addition,
longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect our access to liquidity needed for our business. If financial institutions that have extended credit commitments to us
are adversely affected by the conditions of the U.S. and international capital markets, they may become unable to fund borrowings under their credit commitments to us, which could have an adverse
impact on our financial condition and our ability to
borrow additional funds, if needed, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, research and development and other corporate purposes.  

  The market price of our ordinary shares is volatile.   

         The stock market in recent years has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices of
companies, including technology companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated to or disproportionately impacted by the operating performance of these companies. The market for our ordinary
shares has been and may in the future be subject to similar volatility. Factors such as fluctuations in our operating results, announcements of technological innovations or events affecting other
companies in the electronics industry, currency fluctuations, general market fluctuations, and macro-economic conditions may cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline.  

  The Company's goodwill and identifiable intangible assets could become impaired, which could reduce the value of its assets and reduce its net income in the year in which
the write-off occurs.   

         Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired. The Company also ascribes
value to certain identifiable intangible assets, which consist primarily of customer relationships, developed technology and trade names, among others, as a result of acquisitions. The Company may
incur impairment charges on goodwill or identifiable intangible assets if it determines that the fair values of goodwill or identifiable intangible assets are less than their current carrying values.
The Company evaluates, on a regular basis, whether events or circumstances have occurred that indicate all, or a portion, of the carrying amount of goodwill may no longer be recoverable, in which case
an impairment charge to earnings would become necessary.  

         Refer
to Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements and 'critical accounting policies' in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of
operations for further discussion of the impairment testing of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets.  

         A
decline in general economic conditions or global equity valuations could impact the judgments and assumptions about the fair value of the Company's businesses and the Company could be
required to record impairment charges on its goodwill or other identifiable intangible assets in the future, which could impact the Company's consolidated balance sheet, as well as the Company's
consolidated statement of operations. If the Company was required to recognize an impairment charge in the future, the charge would not impact the Company's consolidated cash flows, current liquidity,
capital resources, and covenants under its existing credit facilities, asset securitization program, and other outstanding borrowings.  

 29 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

   
       ITEM 1B.     UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS          

         None.   

   
       ITEM 2.     PROPERTIES          

         Our facilities consist of a global network of industrial parks, regional manufacturing operations, and design, engineering and product
introduction centers, providing approximately 26.0 million square feet of productive capacity as of March 31, 2014. We own facilities with approximately 8.3 million square feet in
Asia, 4.1 million square feet in the Americas and 2.3 million square feet in Europe. We lease facilities with approximately 5.7 million square feet in Asia, 3.5 million
square feet in the Americas and 2.0 million square feet in Europe.  

         Our
facilities include large industrial parks, ranging in size from under 100,000 to 3.1 million square feet in Brazil, China, Hungary, Indonesia, Israel, Malaysia, Mexico,
Poland, Romania, and the Ukraine. We also have regional manufacturing operations, generally ranging in size from under 100,000 to approximately 2.7 million square feet in Austria, Brazil,
Canada, China, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Hungary, India, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, the Philippines, Singapore, Sweden, Taiwan, the Ukraine and the United
States. We also have smaller design and engineering centers and product introduction centers at a number of locations in the world's major electronics markets.  

         Our
facilities are well maintained and suitable for the operations conducted. The productive capacity of our plants is adequate for current needs.   

   
       ITEM 3.     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS          


         For a description of our material legal proceedings, see note 12 "Commitments and Contingencies" to the consolidated financial
statements, which is incorporated herein by reference.   

   
       ITEM 4.     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES          

         Not applicable  

 30 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
   
   PART II          

   
       ITEM 5.     MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES     
 

  PRICE RANGE OF ORDINARY SHARES   

         Our ordinary shares are quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "FLEX." The following table sets forth the high and
low per share sales prices for our ordinary shares since the beginning of fiscal year 2013 as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 High  
   
 Low  
   
 
 
   Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2014 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Fourth Quarter 
   
 $ 
 9.42 
   
 $ 
 7.50 
   
 
 
   Third Quarter 
   
   
 9.25 
   
   
 7.13 
   
 
 
   Second Quarter 
   
   
 9.50 
   
   
 7.68 
   
 
 
   First Quarter 
   
   
 7.89 
   
   
 6.64 
   
 
 
   Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2013 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Fourth Quarter 
   
 $ 
 6.93 
   
 $ 
 6.18 
   
 
 
   Third Quarter 
   
   
 6.31 
   
   
 5.54 
   
 
 
   Second Quarter 
   
   
 6.81 
   
   
 5.96 
   
 
 
   First Quarter 
   
   
 7.30 
   
   
 6.11 
   
 
 
 
  
          As
of May 14, 2014 there were 3,423 holders of record of our ordinary shares and the closing sales price of our ordinary shares as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market was
$9.56 per share.  

  DIVIDENDS   


         Since inception, we have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares. We currently do not have plans to pay any
dividends in fiscal 2015.  

  STOCK PRICE PERFORMANCE GRAPH   

          The following stock price performance graph and accompanying information is not deemed to be "soliciting
material" or to be "filed" with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, regardless of any general incorporation language in any
such filing. 

         The
graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our ordinary shares, the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index and a peer group comprised of Benchmark
Electronics, Inc., Celestica, Inc., Jabil Circuit, Inc., and Sanmina-SCI Corporation.  

         The
graph below assumes that $100 was invested in our ordinary shares, in the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index and in the peer group described above on March 31, 2009 and
reflects the annual return through March 31, 2014, assuming dividend reinvestment.  


         The
comparisons in the graph below are based on historical data and are not indicative of, or intended to forecast, the possible future performances of our ordinary shares.  

 31 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
   
   COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN    Flextronics, the S&P 500 Index, and Peer Group     

 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 3/09  
   
 3/10  
   
 3/11  
   
 3/12  
   
 3/13  
   
 3/14  
   
 
 
   Flextronics International Ltd 
   
   
 100.00 
   
   
 271.28 
   
   
 258.48 
   
   
 249.83 
   
   
 233.91 
   
   
 319.72 
   
 
 
   S&P 500 Index 
   
   
 100.00 
   
   
 149.77 
   
   
 173.20 
   
   
 187.99 
   
   
 214.24 
   
   
 261.07 
   
 
 
   Peer Group 
   
   
 100.00 
   
   
 304.74 
   
   
 320.42 
   
   
 348.00 
   
   
 288.78 
   
   
 337.84 
   
 
 
 
  
  Prepared
by Zacks Investment Research, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. Copyright 1980-2014  

 Index
Data: Copyright Standard and Poor's, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved.  

  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   


         The following table provides information regarding purchases of our ordinary shares made by us for the period from January 1,
2014 through March 31, 2014.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Period

 

  
   
 Total Number 
of Shares 
Purchased(1)  
   
 Average Price 
Paid per Share  
   
 Total Number of Shares 
Purchased as Part of 
Publicly Announced 
Plans or Programs  
   
 Approximate Dollar Value 
of Shares that May Yet 
Be Purchased Under the 
Plans or Programs(2)  
   
 
 
   January 1 - February 7, 2014 
   
   
 2,000,000 
   
 $ 
 8.25 
   
   
 2,000,000 
   
 $ 
 391,489,204 
   
 
 
   February 8 - February 28, 2014 
   
   
 4,987,954 
   
   
 9.03 
   
   
 4,987,954 
   
   
 383,272,529 
   
 
 
   March 1 - March 31, 2014 
   
   
 5,456,357 
   
   
 9.21 
   
   
 5,456,357 
   
   
 340,663,030 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total 
   
   
 12,444,311 
   
   
   
   
   
 12,444,311 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) During
the period from January 1, 2014 through March 31, 2014 all purchases were made pursuant to the program discussed below in open market
transactions. All purchases were made in accordance with Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
 (2) On
July 24, 2013, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 10% of our outstanding ordinary shares, which was approved by the
Company's shareholders at the 2013 Extraordinary General Meeting held on July 29, 2013. As of March 31, 2014, we had 37.0 million  
  
  32 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
  

 shares
available to be repurchased under the plan with an approximate dollar value of $340.7 million at an assumed average price of $9.21 per share.   

 
  
  

  RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES   

         None.  

  INCOME TAXATION UNDER SINGAPORE LAW   

          Dividends.     Singapore does not impose a withholding tax on dividends. All dividends are tax exempt to shareholders.  

          Gains on Disposal.     Under current Singapore tax law there is no tax on capital gains, thus any profits from the disposal of shares are
not taxable in
Singapore unless the gains arising from the disposal of shares are income in nature and subject to tax, especially if they arise from activities which the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore regards
as the carrying on of a trade or business in Singapore (in which case, the profits on the sale would be taxable as trade profits rather than capital gains).  

         Shareholders
who apply, or who are required to apply, the Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 39 Financial Instruments—Recognition and Measurement ("FRS 39") for the
purposes of Singapore income tax may be required to recognize gains or losses (not being gains or losses in the nature of capital) in accordance with the provisions of FRS 39 (as modified by the
applicable provisions of Singapore income tax law) even though no sale or disposal of shares is made.  


         Stamp Duty.     There is no stamp duty payable for holding shares, and no duty is payable on the acquisition of newly-issued shares. When
existing shares
are acquired in Singapore, a stamp duty is payable on the instrument of transfer of the shares at the rate of two Singapore dollars ("S$") for every S$1,000 of the market value of the shares. The
stamp duty is borne by the purchaser unless there is an agreement to the contrary. If the instrument of transfer is executed outside of Singapore, the stamp duty must be paid only if the instrument of
transfer is received in Singapore.  


         Estate Taxation.     The estate duty was abolished for deaths occurring on or after February 15, 2008. For deaths prior to
February 15,
2008 the following rules apply:  

         If
an individual who is not domiciled in Singapore dies on or after January 1, 2002, no estate tax is payable in Singapore on any of our shares held by the individual.  

         If
property passing upon the death of an individual domiciled in Singapore includes our shares, Singapore estate duty is payable to the extent that the value of the shares aggregated
with any other assets subject to Singapore estate duty exceeds S$600,000. Unless other exemptions apply to the other assets, for example, the separate exemption limit for residential properties, any
excess beyond S$600,000 will be taxed at 5% on the first S$12,000,000 of the individual's chargeable assets and thereafter at 10%.  

         An
individual shareholder who is a U.S. citizen or resident (for U.S. estate tax purposes) will have the value of the shares included in the individual's gross estate for U.S. estate tax
purposes. An individual shareholder generally will be entitled to a tax credit against the shareholder's U.S. estate tax to the extent the individual shareholder actually pays Singapore estate tax on
the value of the shares; however, such tax credit is generally limited to the percentage of the U.S. estate tax attributable to the inclusion of the value of the shares included in the shareholder's
gross estate for U.S. estate tax purposes, adjusted further by a pro rata apportionment of available exemptions. Individuals who are domiciled in Singapore should consult their own tax advisors
regarding the Singapore estate tax consequences of their investment.  

          Tax Treaties Regarding Withholding.     There is no reciprocal income tax treaty between the U.S. and Singapore regarding withholding taxes
on dividends
and capital gains.  

 
 33 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       ITEM 6.     SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA          

         These historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected in the future. The following selected
consolidated financial data set forth below was derived from our historical audited consolidated financial statements and is qualified by reference to and should be read in conjunction with
Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data."  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012(4)  
   
 2011(4)  
   
 2010(4)  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
   
 
 
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA(1): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 $ 
 26,108,607 
   
 $ 
 23,569,475 
   
 $ 
 29,343,029 
   
 $ 
 28,442,633 
   
 $ 
 23,962,135 
   
 
 
   Cost of sales 
   
   
 24,609,738 
   
   
 22,187,393 
   
   
 27,825,079 
   
   
 26,859,288 
   
   
 22,668,077 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges(2) 
   
   
 58,648 
   
   
 215,834 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 87,442 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 1,440,221 
   
   
 1,166,248 
   
   
 1,517,950 
   
   
 1,583,345 
   
   
 1,206,616 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 874,796 
   
   
 805,235 
   
   
 877,564 
   
   
 801,772 
   
   
 750,213 
   
 
 
   Intangible amortization 
   
   
 28,892 
   
   
 29,529 
   
   
 49,572 
   
   
 66,188 
   
   
 84,890 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges(2) 
   
   
 16,663 
   
   
 11,600 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 14,572 
   
 
 
   Other charges (income), net(3) 
   
   
 57,512 
   
   
 (65,190 
 ) 
   
 (19,935 
 ) 
   
 6,127 
   
   
 206,604 
   
 
 
   Interest and other, net 
   
   
 61,904 
   
   
 56,259 
   
   
 36,019 
   
   
 74,948 
   
   
 155,498 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 
   
   
 400,454 
   
   
 328,815 
   
   
 574,730 
   
   
 634,310 
   
   
 (5,161 
 ) 
 
 
   Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
   
   
 34,860 
   
   
 26,313 
   
   
 53,960 
   
   
 22,049 
   
   
 (37,059 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations 
   
   
 365,594 
   
   
 302,502 
   
   
 520,770 
   
   
 612,261 
   
   
 31,898 
   
 
 
   Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (25,451 
 ) 
   
 (32,005 
 ) 
   
 (16,042 
 ) 
   
 (13,304 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 365,594 
   
 $ 
 277,051 
   
 $ 
 488,765 
   
 $ 
 596,219 
   
 $ 
 18,594 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Diluted earnings (loss) per share: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Continuing operations 
   
 $ 
 0.59 
   
 $ 
 0.45 
   
 $ 
 0.72 
   
 $ 
 0.77 
   
 $ 
 0.04 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Discontinued operations 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 (0.04 
 ) 
 $ 
 (0.04 
 ) 
 $ 
 (0.02 
 ) 
 $ 
 (0.02 
 ) 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 0.59 
   
 $ 
 0.41 
   
 $ 
 0.67 
   
 $ 
 0.75 
   
 $ 
 0.02 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 2010  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA(1): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Working capital 
   
 $ 
 1,743,639 
   
 $ 
 1,598,616 
   
 $ 
 2,246,365 
   
 $ 
 2,225,268 
   
 $ 
 1,642,790 
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 12,500,150 
   
   
 10,591,555 
   
   
 11,033,804 
   
   
 11,633,152 
   
   
 10,642,552 
   
 
 
   Total long-term debt, excluding current portion 
   
   
 2,070,020 
   
   
 1,650,973 
   
   
 2,149,333 
   
   
 2,198,942 
   
   
 1,988,876 
   
 
 
   Shareholders' equity(5) 
   
   
 2,201,679 
   
   
 2,246,758 
   
   
 2,283,979 
   
   
 2,294,696 
   
   
 1,984,567 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) In
fiscal year 2013, the Company finalized the sales of two non-core businesses. These non-core businesses represent separate asset groups and the
divestitures qualify as discontinued operations, and accordingly, the Company has reported the results of operations and financial position of these businesses in discontinued operations within the
consolidated statements of operations and the consolidated balance sheets for all periods presented.  
  
  34 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
  
 (2) Restructuring
charges incurred during fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2010 were primarily intended to realign our corporate cost structure, and rationalize the
Company's global manufacturing capacity and infrastructure in response to weakened macro-economic conditions and decline in demand from our OEM customers.
 (3) The
net other charge in the fiscal year 2014 includes $55.0 million of charges related to a contractual obligation. Refer to note 12 to the
consolidated financial statements for further discussion. Additionally, the Company recorded a loss of $7.1 million related to the sale of the underlying shares related to warrants to purchase
common shares of a certain supplier, and recognized a $4.6 million gain on the sale of certain investments.   
 

 The
net other income in the fiscal year 2013 includes the fair value change in warrants to purchase common shares of a certain supplier amounting to $74.4 million and loss on sale of two
investments.   

 The
net other income in the fiscal year 2012, relates to the $20.0 million gain on sale of certain international entities.   

 During
fiscal year 2011, the Company recognized a $13.2 million loss associated with the early redemption of the 6.25% Senior Subordinated Notes and an $11.7 million loss in connection
with the divestiture of certain international entities. Additionally, the Company recognized a gain of $18.6 million associated with a sale of an equity investment that was previously fully
impaired.   

 The
Company recognized charges of $199.4 million in fiscal years 2010, for the loss on disposition, other-than-temporary impairment and other related charges on its investments in, and notes
receivable from, certain non-publicly traded companies.   

 (4) During
the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012, the Company identified certain accounting errors in the statutory-to-U.S. GAAP adjustments at one of
its foreign sites that originated in prior annual periods. Management conducted additional procedures and concluded that these errors were isolated to that location. These errors, which primarily
understated cost of sales, totaled $10.4 million and $8.0 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2011 and 2010 respectively, and were corrected by the Company as an
out-of-period adjustment in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012. Management believes the impact of this item, to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012 and to prior fiscal years presented was
not material. As a result of recording these adjustments in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012, net income for the year ended March 31, 2012 was reduced by $24.9 million ($0.03 per
share).
 (5) During
fiscal 2014, a previously wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company issued a non-controlling equity interest to certain third party investors in
exchange for $38.6 million in cash for an ownership interest of less than 20% of the outstanding shares in the subsidiary. Accordingly, as of March 31, 2014, the non-controlling interest
has been included on the consolidated balance sheet as a component of total shareholders' equity.  
  
  35 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       ITEM 7.     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 


         This
report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The words "expects," "anticipates," "believes," "intends," "plans" and similar expressions identify forward-looking
statements. In addition, any statements which refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation
to publicly disclose any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring subsequent to filing this Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those discussed in this section and in Item 1A, "Risk Factors." In addition,
new risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors or to assess the impact of such risk factors on our business. Accordingly, our future results
may differ materially from historical results or from those discussed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, the reader should not place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements.  

  OVERVIEW   

         We are a globally-recognized leading provider of supply chain solutions that span from concept through consumption. We design, build,
ship and service a complete packaged electronic product for original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") in the following business groups: High Reliability Solutions ("HRS"), which is comprised of our
medical, automotive, and defense and aerospace businesses; High Velocity Solutions ("HVS"), which includes our mobile devices business, including smart phones; our consumer electronics business,
including game consoles and wearable electronics; and our high-volume computing business, including various supply chain solutions for notebook personal computing ("PC"), tablets and printers;
Industrial and Emerging Industries ("IEI"), which is comprised of our household appliances, semi-cap equipment, kiosks, energy and emerging industries businesses; and Integrated Network Solutions
("INS"), which includes our telecommunications infrastructure, data networking, connected home, and server and storage businesses.  

         Our
strategy is to provide customers with a full range of cost competitive, vertically-integrated global supply chain solutions through which we can design, build, ship and service a
complete packaged product for our OEM customers. This enables our OEM customers to leverage our supply chain solutions to meet their product requirements throughout the entire product life cycle.  

         During
the recent years, we have seen an increased level of diversification by many companies, primarily in the technology sector. Some companies that have historically identified
themselves as software providers, internet service providers or e-commerce retailers have started to enter the highly competitive and rapidly evolving hardware markets, such as mobile devices, home
entertainment and wearable devices. This trend has resulted in a significant change in the manufacturing and supply chain solutions requirements of such companies. While the products have become more
complex, the supply chain solutions required by such companies have become more customized and demanding, and it has changed the manufacturing and supply chain landscape significantly.  

         We
use a portfolio management approach to manage our extensive service offerings. As our OEM customers change in the way they go to market, we reorganize and rebalance our business
portfolio in order to align with our customers' needs and requirements and to optimize our operating results. With the acquisition of certain manufacturing operations from Google's Motorola
Mobility LLC during the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we have experienced an increase in the percentage of our revenues from the HVS business group, and expect the amount of revenue from our
HVS business group, relative to total revenue, to stabilize going forward. The objective of our operating model is to allow us to redeploy and  

 36 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 reposition
our assets and resources to meet specific customer needs across all of the markets we serve, and we have been able to successfully reposition our assets and capacity between various
business groups to serve our customers as required, which illustrates the overall flexibility of our model.  


         During
fiscal years 2013 and 2014, we launched multiple programs broadly across our portfolio of services, and, in some instances, we deployed certain new technologies. We expect that
these new programs will continue to increase in complexity in order to provide competitive advantages to our customers. We anticipate these programs will continue ramping with an increase in volume
production during fiscal year 2015 and beyond. Until we achieve such higher levels of revenue, we expect that our gross margin and operating margin may be negatively impacted as profitability normally
lags revenue growth due to incremental start-up costs, operational inefficiencies, under-absorbed overhead costs and lower manufacturing program volumes while in the ramp phase. We expect that our
margins for these programs will improve over time as the revenue increases due to increased volumes.  


         We
are one of the world's largest providers of global supply chain solutions, with revenues of $26.1 billion in fiscal year 2014. We have established an extensive network of
manufacturing facilities in the world's major electronics markets (Asia, the Americas and Europe) in order to serve the growing outsourcing needs of both multinational and regional OEMs. We
design, build, ship, and service electronics products for our customers through a network of facilities in approximately 30 countries across four continents. As of March 31, 2014, our total
manufacturing capacity was approximately 26.0 million square feet. In fiscal year 2014, our net sales in Asia, the Americas and Europe represented approximately 53%, 31% and 16%, respectively,
of our total net sales, based on the location of the manufacturing site. The following tables set forth net sales and net property and equipment, by country, based on the location of our manufacturing
sites and the relative percentages:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
 Net sales:

 

  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   China 
   
 $ 
 10,521,169 
   
   
 40 
 % 
 $ 
 8,132,776 
   
   
 35 
 % 
 $ 
 11,212,310 
   
   
 38 
 % 
 
 
   Mexico 
   
   
 3,565,803 
   
   
 14 
 % 
   
 3,534,067 
   
   
 15 
 % 
   
 4,005,653 
   
   
 14 
 % 
 
 
   U.S 
   
   
 2,829,807 
   
   
 11 
 % 
   
 2,539,460 
   
   
 11 
 % 
   
 2,971,757 
   
   
 10 
 % 
 
 
   Malaysia 
   
   
 2,142,437 
   
   
 8 
 % 
   
 2,440,902 
   
   
 10 
 % 
   
 2,868,990 
   
   
 10 
 % 
 
 
   Brazil 
   
   
 1,699,209 
   
   
 6 
 % 
   
 1,023,790 
   
   
 4 
 % 
   
 1,269,203 
   
   
 4 
 % 
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 5,350,182 
   
   
 21 
 % 
   
 5,898,480 
   
   
 25 
 % 
   
 7,015,116 
   
   
 24 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 26,108,607 
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 23,569,475 
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 29,343,029 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
 Property and equipment, net:


 

  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   China 
   
 $ 
 941,850 
   
   
 41 
 % 
 $ 
 855,032 
   
   
 39 
 % 
 
 
   U.S 
   
   
 362,199 
   
   
 16 
 % 
   
 245,590 
   
   
 11 
 % 
 
 
   Mexico 
   
   
 326,287 
   
   
 14 
 % 
   
 286,026 
   
   
 13 
 % 
 
 
   Malaysia 
   
   
 153,194 
   
   
 7 
 % 
   
 152,594 
   
   
 7 
 % 
 
 
   Hungary 
   
   
 103,266 
   
   
 5 
 % 
   
 113,173 
   
   
 5 
 % 
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 401,860 
   
   
 17 
 % 
   
 522,173 
   
   
 25 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 2,288,656 
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 2,174,588 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          We
believe that the combination of our extensive open innovation platform solutions, design and engineering services, advanced supply chain management solutions and services, significant
scale and global presence, and industrial campuses in low-cost geographic areas provide us with a competitive advantage and strong differentiation in the market for designing, manufacturing and
servicing  

 37 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 electronics
products for leading multinational and regional OEMs. Specifically, we have launched multiple product innovation centers ("PIC") focused exclusively on offering our OEM customers
the ability to simplify their global product development, manufacturing process, and after sales services, and enable them to achieve meaningful time to market and cost savings.  


         Our
operating results are affected by a number of factors, including the following: 

 
 
 • changes in the macro-economic environment and related changes in consumer demand;    
 • the mix of the manufacturing services we are providing, the number and size of new manufacturing programs, the degree to
which we utilize our manufacturing capacity, seasonal demand, shortages of components and other factors;  
 • the effects on our business when our customers are not successful in marketing their products, or when their products do
not gain widespread commercial acceptance;  
 • our ability to achieve commercially viable production yields and to manufacture components in commercial quantities to the
performance specifications demanded by our OEM customers;  
 • the effects on our business due to our customers' products having short product life cycles;    
 • our customers' ability to cancel or delay orders or change production quantities;    
 • our customers' decision to choose internal manufacturing instead of outsourcing for their product requirements;    
 • our exposure to financially troubled customers;  
 • integration of acquired businesses and facilities;  
 • increased labor costs due to adverse labor conditions in the markets we operate; and    
 • changes in tax legislation.  
 

         We
also are subject to other risks as outlined in Item 1A, "Risk Factors."  

         Net
revenues for fiscal year 2014 increased 10.8% or $2.5 billion to $26.1 billion. This increase was primarily attributable to our acquisition of certain manufacturing
operations from Google's Motorola Mobility LLC (Motorola), which was partially offset by the disengagement of our assembly activities with Blackberry during fiscal 2013, which contributed
revenue in that year of approximately $0.9 billion. Our revenue increased across all of the business groups we serve except for INS. Our fiscal year 2014 gross profit totaled
$1.4 billion, representing an increase of $274.0 million, or 23.5%, and our income from continuing operations totaled $365.6 million, representing an increase of
$63.1 million, compared to fiscal year 2013. Both gross profit and income from continuing operations increased primarily due to lower restructuring charges incurred during fiscal year 2014 as a
result of less cost reduction activities as compared to prior year. Additionally, the increase in income from continuing operations was partially offset by $55.0 million of other charges for a
contractual obligation for certain performance provisions as defined in an existing manufacturing agreement with a customer. Additionally, our income from continuing operations in fiscal year 2013
included a gain from the fair value adjustment of $74.4 million relating to warrants to purchase common shares of a supplier. These warrants were exercised and the underlying shares were sold
for total proceeds of $67.3 million resulting in a loss of $7.1 million that was recognized during fiscal 2014.  

         Cash
provided by operations increased approximately $101.0 million to $1.2 billion for fiscal year 2014 compared with $1.1 billion for fiscal year 2013 primarily due
to increased net income and to a lesser extent due to changes in operating assets and liabilities. Our average net working capital, defined as accounts receivable, including deferred purchase price
receivable from our asset-backed securitization programs plus inventory less accounts payable, as a percentage of annual sales was  

 38 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 approximately
6.8%, 7.8% and 6.2% for the years ended March 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The decrease in the percentage for the year ended March 31, 2014 is primarily
attributable to higher revenue from our HVS business which carries significantly higher inventory turns and customers with contractually shorter payment terms resulting in a decrease in our average
net working capital in fiscal year 2014. Our free cash flow, which we define as cash from operating activities less net purchases of property and equipment, was $701.5 million for fiscal year
2014 compared to $680.1 million for fiscal year 2013, primarily due to higher cash flows from operations partially offset by higher net capital expenditure. Refer to the Liquidity and Capital
Resources section for the free cash flows reconciliation to our most directly comparable GAAP financial measure of cash flows from operations. Cash used in financing activities amounted to
$410.8 million during fiscal year 2014 and included repurchases of approximately 60.7 million ordinary shares at an aggregate purchase value of $475.3 million. As of
March 31, 2014 and 2013, $5.5 million and $12.0 million was included in accrued expenses for approximately 0.6 million and 1.8 million ordinary shares, respectively,
that were not settled by the end of the year.  

         Additionally,
in response to a challenging macroeconomic environment, we initiated certain restructuring activities in fiscal years 2013 and 2014 intended to improve our operational
efficiencies by reducing excess workforce and capacity. The restructuring activities are intended to realign our corporate cost structure, and rationalize our global manufacturing capacity and
infrastructure which will result in a further shift of manufacturing capacity to locations with higher efficiencies. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, we recognized
$75.3 million of pre-tax restructuring charges primarily comprised of $73.4 million of cash charges predominantly related to employee severance costs. During the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2013, we recognized $227.4 million of pre-tax restructuring charges comprised of $123.0 million of cash charges primarily related to employee severance costs and
$104.4 million of non-cash charges primarily related to asset impairment and other exit charges.  

         We
believe that our business transformation has strategically positioned us very well to take advantage of the long-term, future growth prospects for outsourcing of advanced
manufacturing capabilities, design and engineering services and after-market services, which remain strong.  


  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES   

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
("U.S. GAAP" or "GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions.  

         We
believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. For further
discussion of our significant accounting policies, refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data."  

 

  Revenue Recognition   

 

         We recognize manufacturing revenue when we ship goods or the goods are received by our customer, title and risk of ownership have
passed, the price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and recoverability is reasonably assured. Generally, there are no formal substantive customer acceptance requirements or further obligations
related to manufacturing services. If such requirements or obligations exist, then we recognize the related revenues at the time when such requirements are completed and the obligations are fulfilled.
Some of our customer contracts allow us to recover certain costs related to manufacturing services that are over and above the prices we charge for the related products. We determine the amount of
costs that are recoverable based on historical experiences and  

 39 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 agreements
with those customers. Also, certain customer contracts may contain certain commitments and obligations that may result in additional expenses or decrease in revenue. We accrue for these
commitments and obligations based on facts and circumstances and contractual terms. We also make provisions for estimated sales returns and other adjustments at the time revenue is recognized based
upon contractual terms and an analysis of historical returns. Provisions for sales returns and other adjustments were not material to our consolidated financial statements for any of the periods
presented.  

         We
provide a comprehensive suite of services for our customers that range from advanced product design to manufacturing and logistics to after-sales services. We recognize service
revenue when the services have been performed, and the related costs are expensed as incurred. Our net sales for services were less than 10% of our total sales for all periods presented, and
accordingly, are included in net sales in the consolidated statements of operations.  

 

  Customer Credit Risk   

 

         We have an established customer credit policy through which we manage customer credit exposures through credit evaluations, credit
limit setting, monitoring, and enforcement of credit limits for new and existing customers. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers' financial condition and make provisions for doubtful
accounts based on the outcome of those credit evaluations. We evaluate the collectability of accounts receivable based on specific customer circumstances, current economic trends, historical
experience with collections and the age of past due receivables. To the extent we identify exposures as a result of credit or customer evaluations, we also review other customer related exposures,
including but not limited to inventory and related contractual obligations.  

 

  Restructuring Charges   

 

         We recognize restructuring charges related to our plans to close or consolidate excess manufacturing and administrative facilities and
to realign our corporate cost structure. In connection with these activities, we recognize restructuring charges for employee termination costs, long-lived asset impairment and other exit-related
costs.  

         The
recognition of these restructuring charges requires that we make certain judgments and estimates regarding the nature, timing and amount of costs associated with the planned exit
activity. To the extent our actual results differ from our estimates and assumptions, we may be required to revise the estimates of future liabilities, requiring the recognition of additional
restructuring charges or the reduction of liabilities already recognized. Such changes to previously estimated amounts may be material to the consolidated financial statements. At the end of each
reporting period, we evaluate the remaining accrued balances to ensure that no excess accruals are retained and the utilization of the provisions are for their intended purpose in accordance with
developed exit plans.  

         Refer
to note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for further discussion of our restructuring activities.  

 

  Carrying Value of Long-Lived Assets   

 

         We review property and equipment and acquired amortizable intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of these long-lived assets exceeds their fair value. Recoverability of
property and equipment and acquired amortizable intangible assets are measured by comparing their carrying amount to the projected cash flows the assets are expected to generate. If such assets are
considered to be impaired, the impairment loss recognized, if any, is the amount by which the carrying amount of the property and equipment and acquired amortizable intangible assets exceeds fair
value. Our judgments regarding projected cash flows for an extended period of time and the fair value of assets may be impacted by changes in market conditions, general business environment and other
factors. To the extent our estimates relating to cash flows and fair value of assets change adversely we may have to recognize additional impairment charges in the future.  

 40 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

 

  Inventory Valuation   

 

         Our inventories are stated at the lower of cost (on a first-in, first-out basis) or market value. Our industry is characterized by
rapid technological change, short-term customer commitments and rapid changes in demand. We purchase our inventory based on forecasted demand, and we estimate write downs for excess and obsolete
inventory based on our regular reviews of inventory quantities on hand, and the latest forecasts of product demand and production requirements from our customers. If actual market conditions or our
customers' product demands are less favorable than those projected, additional write downs may be required. In addition, unanticipated changes in the liquidity or financial position of our customers
and/or changes in economic conditions may require additional write downs for inventories due to our customers' inability to fulfill their contractual obligations with regard to inventory procured to
fulfill customer demand.  

 

  Contingent Liabilities   

 

         We may be exposed to certain liabilities relating to our business operations, acquisitions of businesses and assets and other
activities. We make provisions for such liabilities when it is probable that the settlement of the liability will result in an outflow of economic resources or the impairment of an asset. We make
these assessments based on facts and circumstances that may change in the future resulting in additional expenses.  

 

  Income Taxes   

 

         Our deferred income tax assets represent temporary differences between the carrying amount and the tax basis of existing assets and
liabilities which will result in deductible amounts in future years, including net operating loss carry forwards. Based on estimates, the carrying value of our net deferred tax assets assumes that it
is more likely than not that we will be able to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain tax jurisdictions to realize these deferred income tax assets. Our judgments regarding future
profitability may change due to future market conditions, changes in U.S. or international tax laws and other factors. If these estimates and related assumptions change in the future, we may be
required to increase or decrease our valuation allowance against deferred tax assets previously recognized, resulting in additional or lesser income tax expense.  

         We
are regularly subject to tax return audits and examinations by various taxing jurisdictions and around the world, and there can be no assurance that the final determination of any tax
examinations will not be materially different than that which is reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of a current or future
examination, there could be a material adverse effect on our tax position, operating results, financial position and cash flows. Refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in
Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for further discussion of our tax position.  

 

  Translation of Foreign Currencies   

 

         The financial position and results of operations for certain of our subsidiaries are measured using a currency other than the U.S.
dollar as their functional currency. Accordingly, all assets and liabilities for these subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at the current exchange rates as of the respective balance sheet
dates. Revenue and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Cumulative gains and losses from the translation of these subsidiaries' financial statements
are reported as other comprehensive loss, a
component of shareholders' equity. Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity involved, and re-measurement
adjustments for foreign operations where the U.S. dollar is the functional currency, are included in operating results.  

 41 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

         The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain statements of operations data expressed as a percentage of net
sales. The financial information and the discussion below should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 8, "Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data." The data below, and discussion that follows, represents our results from operations.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended 
March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
   
 100.0 
 % 
   
 100.0 
 % 
   
 100.0 
 % 
 
 
   Cost of sales 
   
   
 94.3 
   
   
 94.2 
   
   
 94.8 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 0.9 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 5.5 
   
   
 4.9 
   
   
 5.2 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 3.4 
   
   
 3.4 
   
   
 3.0 
   
 
 
   Intangible amortization 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.2 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other charges (income), net 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Interest and other, net 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 0.1 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
   
   
 1.5 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 1.9 
   
 
 
   Provision from income taxes 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.2 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations 
   
   
 1.4 
   
   
 1.2 
   
   
 1.7 
   
 
 
   Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 1.4 
 % 
   
 1.1 
 % 
   
 1.6 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  

  Net sales   

 

         Net sales during fiscal year 2014 totaled $26.1 billion, representing an increase of $2.5 billion, or 10.8%, from
$23.6 billion during fiscal year 2013. During fiscal year 2014, net sales increased $2.0 billion in Asia and $0.9 billion in the Americas, offset by a decrease of
$0.4 billion in Europe.  

         Net
sales during fiscal year 2013 totaled $23.6 billion, representing a decrease of $5.8 billion, or 19.7%, from $29.3 billion during fiscal year 2012. Net sales
decreased across all of the geographical regions we serve, consisting of decreases of $3.7 billion in Asia, $1.2 billion in the Americas and $0.9 billion in Europe.  


         The
following table sets forth net sales by business groups and their relative percentages. Historical information has been recast to reflect realignment of customers and/or products
between business groups:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
 Business groups:

 

  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Integrated Network Solutions 
   
 $ 
 10,135,777 
   
   
 39 
 % 
 $ 
 10,636,529 
   
   
 45 
 % 
 $ 
 11,451,863 
   
   
 39 
 % 
 
 
   High Velocity Solutions 
   
   
 8,909,559 
   
   
 34 
 % 
   
 6,363,337 
   
   
 27 
 % 
   
 11,553,858 
   
   
 39 
 % 
 
 
   Industrial & Emerging Industries 
   
   
 3,805,933 
   
   
 15 
 % 
   
 3,751,867 
   
   
 16 
 % 
   
 3,979,788 
   
   
 14 
 % 
 
 
   High Reliability Solutions 
   
   
 3,257,338 
   
   
 12 
 % 
   
 2,817,742 
   
   
 12 
 % 
   
 2,357,520 
   
   
 8 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 26,108,607 
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 23,569,475 
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 29,343,029 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  42 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Net
sales during fiscal year 2014 increased (i) $2.5 billion or 40.0% in the HVS business group, (ii) $0.4 billion or 15.6% in the HRS business group and
(iii) less than $0.1 billion or 1.4% in the IEI business group. The increase in revenues from the HVS business group was primarily as a result of our acquisition of certain manufacturing
operations from Google's Motorola Mobility LLC (Motorola) during the first quarter of fiscal 2014, which were partially offset by revenue reductions due to our disengagement with Blackberry
during fiscal 2013 which contributed revenues of $0.9 billion in that year. The increase in revenue from our HRS business group was attributable to our acquisition of Saturn Electronics and
Engineering Inc. during the last quarter of fiscal 2013 and our continued expansion with existing and new customers. The increase in these business groups was partially offset by a decrease in
sales from our INS business group amounting to $0.5 billion or 4.7% primarily attributable to broad softness in our connected home and telecom businesses, and server, storage and networking
businesses versus the prior year.  

         Net
sales during fiscal year 2013 decreased (i) $5.2 billion or 44.9% in the HVS business group, (ii) $0.8 billion or 7.1% in the INS business group and
(iii) $0.2 billion or 5.7% in the IEI business group. The decline in sales for our HVS business group was primarily due to our disengagement from our assembly business with Blackberry,
which resulted in an approximately $2.2 billion reduction of sales and our exit from the ODM PC business during fiscal 2012, which resulted in an approximately $1.6 billion reduction of
sales. The remainder of the decrease across the other business groups was attributable to reduced overall demand during fiscal year 2013. The decrease in these business groups was partially offset by
an increase in sales from our HRS business group amounting to $0.5 billion or 19.5%, primarily due to increased demand for our customer products in the automotive market and to a lesser extent
from our acquisition of Saturn Electronics and Engineering, Inc. during the last quarter of fiscal 2013.  

         Our
ten largest customers during fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012 accounted for approximately 52%, 47% and 55% of net sales, respectively. During fiscal year 2014, only Google (including
Motorola) accounted for greater than 10% of net sales. No customer accounted for greater than 10% of our net sales during fiscal year 2013. During fiscal year 2012 Hewlett-Packard (HP) and Blackberry
each accounted for greater than 10% of net sales.  

 

  Gross profit   

 

         Gross profit is affected by a number of factors, including the number and size of new manufacturing programs, product mix, component
costs and availability, product life cycles, unit volumes, pricing, competition, new product introductions, capacity utilization and the expansion
and consolidation of manufacturing facilities. The flexible design of our manufacturing processes allows us to build a broad range of products in our facilities and better utilize our manufacturing
capacity. In the cases of new programs, profitability normally lags revenue growth due to product start-up costs, lower manufacturing program volumes in the start-up phase, operational inefficiencies,
and under-absorbed overhead. Gross margin for these programs often improves over time as manufacturing volumes increase, as our utilization rates and overhead absorption improve, and as we increase
the level of manufacturing services content. As a result of these various factors, our gross margin varies from period to period.  

         Gross
profit during fiscal year 2014 increased $274.0 million to $1.4 billion from $1.2 billion during fiscal year 2013. Gross margin increased to 5.5% of net sales
in fiscal year 2014 as compared with 4.9% of net sales in fiscal year 2013. Gross margins improved 60 basis points in fiscal year 2014 compared to that of fiscal year 2013 primarily due to
restructuring charges of $58.6 million, or 20 basis points in fiscal year 2014 as compared to $215.8 million, or 90 basis points, in fiscal year 2013 included in cost of sales.  

 43 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

         Gross
profit during fiscal year 2013 decreased $351.7 million to $1.2 billion from $1.5 billion during fiscal year 2012. Gross margin decreased to 4.9% of net sales
in fiscal year 2013 as compared with 5.2% of net sales in fiscal year 2012. Gross margins deteriorated 30 basis points in fiscal year 2013 compared to that of fiscal year 2012 primarily due to
restructuring charges of $215.8 million, or 90 basis points, included in cost of sales. The impact of the restructuring charges was partially offset by lower sales from our HVS business group
which generally carry lower margins than the overall margins in our other business groups. Further our fiscal 2012 operating results included a correction of an accounting error that had an
unfavorable impact of $23.9 million on our gross profit in that year.  

 

  Restructuring charges   

 

         In response to a challenging macroeconomic environment, we initiated certain restructuring activities to improve our operational
efficiencies by reducing excess workforce and capacity. The restructuring activities are intended to realign our corporate cost structure, and rationalize our global manufacturing capacity and
infrastructure which will further shift manufacturing capacity to locations with higher efficiencies.  

         During
fiscal year 2014, we recognized $75.3 million of pre-tax restructuring charges comprised of $73.4 million of cash charges predominantly related to employee severance
costs and $1.9 million of
non-cash charges related to asset impairment. The restructuring charges by geographic region amounted to $34.5 million in Asia, $24.9 million in the Americas and $15.9 million in
Europe. We classified $58.6 million of the charges incurred in fiscal 2014 as a component of cost of sales and $16.7 million as a component of selling, general and administrative
expenses. As of March 31, 2014, all plans have been completed and accrued costs related to restructuring charges incurred were $42.4 million, of which $36.3 million was classified
as a current obligation. We expect these restructuring activities will allow for potential savings through reduced employee expenses and lower operating costs and to yield annualized cost reductions
of approximately $15 million.  

         During
fiscal year 2013, we recognized $227.4 million of pre-tax restructuring charges comprised of $123.0 million of cash charges predominantly related to employee
severance costs and $104.4 million of non-cash charges primarily related to asset impairment and other exit charges. The restructuring charges by geographic region amounted to
$108.4 million in Asia, $91.8 million in Europe and $27.2 million in the Americas. We classified $215.8 million of these charges as a component of cost of sales and
$11.6 million of these charges as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses during fiscal year 2013.  

         Refer
to note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for further discussion of our restructuring activities.  

 

  Selling, general and administrative expenses   

 

         Selling, general and administrative expenses ("SG&A") totaled $874.8 million or 3.4% of net sales, during fiscal year 2014,
compared to $805.2 million, or 3.4% of net sales, during fiscal year 2013, increasing by $69.6 million or 8.6%. The increase in SG&A in dollars was primarily attributable to
acquisitions, investments in our supply chain solutions, enhancement of our selling and business development activities and incremental corporate infrastructure to support the increasing complexities
of our business. While we continue to make investments to support our innovation initiatives and remain focused on our profitable growth in late fiscal year 2014, we have implemented certain cost
control measures.  

         Selling,
general and administrative expenses totaled $805.2 million or 3.4% of net sales, during fiscal year 2013, compared to $877.6 million, or 3.0% of net sales, during
fiscal year 2012, decreasing by $72.4 million or 8.2%. The decrease in SG&A in dollars was primarily attributable to the elimination of costs relating to our ODM PC business which we fully
exited during fiscal year 2012 and a  

 44 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 $28.0 million
provision for doubtful accounts recorded in fiscal 2012 related to a customer concentrated in the solar photovoltaic market. The increase of SG&A expenses as a percentage of net
sales is primarily attributable to lower revenues in fiscal 2013.  

 

  Intangible amortization   

 

         Amortization of intangible assets in fiscal year 2014 decreased by $0.6 million to $28.9 million from
$29.5 million in fiscal year 2013. Amortization of intangible assets in fiscal year 2013 decreased by $20.1 million from $49.6 million in fiscal year 2012 primarily due to the use
of the accelerated method of amortization for certain customer-related intangibles, which results in decreasing expense over time. Certain high valued intangible assets were fully amortized by the end
of fiscal 2012, resulting in lower amortization expense in the subsequent years.  

 

  Other charges (income), net   

 

         During fiscal year 2014, we recognized other charges of $57.5 million primarily due to a contractual obligation of
$55.0 million related to certain performance provisions as defined in an existing manufacturing agreement with a customer. Refer to note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for
further discussion. Additionally, we exercised warrants to purchase common shares of a certain supplier and sold the underlying shares for a loss of $7.1 million, as further discussed below,
offset by a gain of $4.6 million recognized in connection with the sales of certain investments.  

         During
fiscal year 2013, we recognized other income of $65.2 million primarily due to an unrealized gain from the fair value adjustment of $74.4 million of warrants we held
to purchase common shares of a supplier. As discussed above we sold the underlying shares in 2014. The gain was offset by various losses from sale, or direct impairments of certain non-core equity
investments and notes receivable, and losses from sales of international entities that are individually immaterial.  

         During
fiscal year 2012, we recognized a net gain of $20.0 million, in connection with the sale of certain international entities.  

 

  Interest and other, net   

 

         Interest and other, net was $61.9 million during fiscal year 2014, compared to $56.3 million during fiscal year 2013, an
increase of $5.6 million that was primarily due to the refinancing of our lower rate floating interest debt with higher rate fixed interest Notes in February of fiscal 2013. Additionally, the
gains on foreign currency transactions attributable to our cross-border foreign currency transactions and the revaluation of RMB denominated net asset positions of our U.S. dollar functional currency
sites based in China decreased in fiscal year 2014. There can be no assurance that further gains from various arbitrage opportunities related to foreign exchange settlements in China will be available
in the future.  

         Interest
and other, net was $56.3 million during fiscal year 2013, compared to $36.0 million during fiscal year 2012, an increase of $20.3 million that was primarily
due to a decrease in gains on foreign exchange transactions attributable to our cross-border foreign currency transactions and the revaluation of RMB denominated net asset positions of our U.S. dollar
functional currency sites based in China.  

 

  Income taxes   

 

         Certain of our subsidiaries have, at various times, been granted tax relief in their respective countries, resulting in lower income
taxes than would otherwise be the case under ordinary tax rates. The consolidated effective tax rates were 8.7%, 8.0% and 9.4% for the fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The effective
rate varies from the Singapore statutory rate of 17.0% as a result of recognition of earnings in different jurisdictions, operating loss carry forwards, income tax credits, previously established
valuation allowances for deferred tax assets, liabilities for uncertain tax positions,  

 45 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 as
well as because of the effect of certain tax holidays and incentives granted to our subsidiaries primarily in China, Malaysia, Israel, and Singapore. We generate most of our revenues and profits
from operations outside of Singapore.  

         We
are regularly subject to tax return audits and examinations by various taxing jurisdictions and around the world, and there can be no assurance that the final determination of any tax
examinations
will not be materially different than that which is reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of a current or future examination, there could
be a material adverse effect on our tax position, operating results, financial position and cash flows.  

         We
provide a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets that in our estimation are not more likely than not to be realized. During fiscal year 2014, we released valuation allowances
totalling $36.9 million related to our operations in Brazil, India and Japan as these amounts were deemed to be more likely than not to be realized.  

         The
Mexican government enacted significant tax reform legislation during the third quarter fiscal 2014, which resulted in a net $4.3 million discrete tax expense. We do not
anticipate this tax reform to have a material impact to the ongoing effective tax rate.  

         See
note 13, "Income Taxes," to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for further discussion.  

 

  Discontinued Operations   

 

         Consistent with our strategy to evaluate the strategic and financial contributions of each of our operations and to focus on the
primary growth objectives in our core manufacturing business activities, we finalized the sale of two of our non-core businesses during fiscal year 2013. These non-core businesses represent separate
asset groups and the divestitures qualify for reporting as discontinued operations within the consolidated statements of operations and the consolidated balance sheets for all periods presented, as
applicable.  

         The
results from discontinued operations were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended 
March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 $ 
 40,593 
   
 $ 
 127,258 
   
 
 
   Cost of sales 
   
   
 42,793 
   
   
 145,403 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Gross loss 
   
   
 (2,200 
 ) 
   
 (18,145 
 ) 
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 1,930 
   
   
 8,932 
   
 
 
   Intangibles amortization and impairment 
   
   
 11,000 
   
   
 6,325 
   
 
 
   Interest and other, net 
   
   
 11,280 
   
   
 (7 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Loss before income taxes 
   
   
 (26,410 
 ) 
   
 (33,395 
 ) 
 
 
   Benefit from income taxes 
   
   
 (959 
 ) 
   
 (1,390 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net loss of discontinued operations 
   
 $ 
 (25,451 
 ) 
 $ 
 (32,005 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Net
sales in fiscal year 2013 decreased $86.7 million as we decelerated operations while evaluating strategic alternatives for the businesses and due to the end of certain product
life cycles. We recognized a loss of $12.1 million as a result of the disposition of these non-core businesses in fiscal 2013 which is included in interest and other, net in the results from
discontinued operations.  

 46 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

         As of March 31, 2014, we had cash and cash equivalents of $1.6 billion and bank and other borrowings of
$2.1 billion. We have a $1.5 billion revolving credit facility, under which we had no borrowings outstanding as of March 31, 2014.  


         Our
cash balances are held in numerous locations throughout the world. As of March 31, 2014, over half of our cash and cash equivalents were held by foreign subsidiaries outside
of Singapore. Although substantially all of the amounts held outside of Singapore could be repatriated, under current laws, a significant amount could be subject to income tax withholdings. We provide
for tax liabilities on these amounts for financial statement purposes, except for certain of our foreign earnings that are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Singapore (approximately
$779.0 million as of March 31, 2014). Repatriation could result in an additional income tax payment, however, our intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside of Singapore and
our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our operations in jurisdictions outside of where they are held. Where local restrictions prevent an efficient intercompany
transfer of funds, our intent is that cash balances would remain outside of Singapore and we would meet our liquidity needs through ongoing cash flows, external borrowings, or both.  

 

  Fiscal Year 2014   

 

         Cash provided by operating activities was $1.2 billion during fiscal year 2014, which resulted primarily from
$365.6 million of net income for the period plus $450.0 million of non-cash charges such as depreciation, amortization, impairment charges and stock-based compensation expense that are
included in the determination of net income. We generated $400.9 million in cash as a result of decreases in net operating assets. Net working capital ("NWC"), defined as net accounts
receivable, including deferred purchase price receivables, plus inventory less accounts payable increased by $233.7 million primarily to support the increase in our customers' forecasted
business levels. The increases in accounts receivable and inventory are primarily as a result of the increase in sales in our HVS business, which generally carry higher volumes than our other complex
business groups. The cash outflows to support NWC were offset by $540.6 million of cash received from certain customers as advances during the period. In certain instances the level of
inventory reduction or consumption was lower than expected causing an increase to inventory and usage of cash. In response, we worked with these customers to fund the elevated inventory balances we
held on their behalf. We have recorded these advances as other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2014 and expect these amounts to decrease as we produce or
sell the associated inventory in the future.  

         Cash
used in investing activities during fiscal year 2014 was $783.9 million. This resulted primarily from $515.0 million in capital expenditures for equipment, net of
proceeds on sales. Our capital expenditures were related to investments to support innovation, expanding design capabilities, and improving our
mechanicals and automation capabilities. Additionally, we paid $238.0 million for the acquisition of four businesses during the fiscal year, of which the majority relates to the acquisition of
certain manufacturing operations from Google's Motorola Mobility LLC for $178.9 million and the acquisition of all outstanding shares of Riwisa AG for a total cash consideration of
$44.0 million, net of cash acquired amounting to $9.4 million. Refer to note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, "Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data".  

 47 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

         Cash used in financing activities amounted to $410.8 million during fiscal year 2014, which was primarily attributable to the repurchase of approximately
60.7 million shares for an aggregate purchase value of approximately $475.3 million. Other financing cash inflows of $52.1 million includes $38.6 million received from
certain third parties for the non-controlling interest in one of our subsidiaries as further discussed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, "Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data". Additionally, we entered into a $600 million term loan agreement due August 30, 2018 and used all of the proceeds to repay the outstanding balances of
our term loan due October 2014 and the Asia Term Loans in full amounting to $170.3 million and $374.5 million, respectively, and part of the term loan due March 2019.  

 

  Fiscal Year 2013   

 

         Cash provided by operating activities was $1.1 billion during fiscal year 2013, which resulted primarily from
$277.1 million of net income for the period plus $522.5 million of non-cash charges such as depreciation, amortization, impairment charges and stock-based compensation expense that are
included in the determination of net income. We generated $315.9 million in cash as a result of decreases in net operating assets. Our changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of
acquisitions is primarily due to a decrease of $519.1 million in accounts receivable and a decrease of $596.1 million in inventory, which was partially offset by a decrease in accounts
payable of $671.4 million
and a decrease in other current and noncurrent liabilities of $189.5 million. The decreases in accounts receivable and inventory are primarily as a result of the decrease in sales in our HVS
business, which generally carry higher volumes than our other complex business groups. The decrease in accounts payable is principally related to the decrease in inventory and timing of supplier
payments.  

         Cash
used in investing activities during fiscal year 2013 was $697.2 million. This resulted primarily from $435.3 million in capital expenditures for equipment, net of
proceeds on sales, and $184.1 million paid for the acquisition of four businesses during the fiscal year. We also spent approximately $115.3 million included in other investing cash
flows, offset by the receipt of cash included in other financing activities further discussed below to purchase assets financed by a third party banking institution on behalf of a customer.  


         Cash
used in financing activities amounted to $339.6 million during fiscal year 2013, which was primarily attributable to the repurchase of approximately 49.9 million
shares for an aggregate purchase value of approximately $322.0 million and repayment of the outstanding balance under our revolving line of credit of $140.0 million. These cash outflows
were offset by the receipt of $101.9 million included in other financing activities to purchase assets financed by a third party banking institution on behalf of a customer.  

 

  Fiscal Year 2012   

 

         Cash provided by operating activities was $804.3 million during fiscal year 2012, which resulted primarily from
$488.8 million of net income for the period plus $566.1 million of non-cash charges such as depreciation, amortization, impairment charges and stock-based compensation expense that are
included in the determination of net income. We used $250.6 million in cash as a result of an increase in net operating assets. Our working capital accounts increased primarily due to a
decrease of $750.2 million in accounts payable and an increase of $30.2 million in accounts receivable, which was partially offset by a decrease in inventory of $301.1 million
principally due to the decline of sales in our HVS business groups, and an increase in deferred revenue and customer working capital advances of $249.8 million. The decrease in accounts payable
is principally related to the decrease in inventory and timing of supplier payments.  

 48 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Cash
used in investing activities during fiscal year 2012 was $481.4 million. This resulted primarily from $388.0 million in capital expenditures for equipment, net of
proceeds on sales, and $92.3 million paid for three acquisitions completed during the year.  

         Cash
used in financing activities amounted to $522.2 million during fiscal year 2012, which was primarily attributable to the repurchase of approximately 81.7 million
shares for an aggregate purchase value of approximately $509.8 million. During fiscal year 2012 we also repaid $20.0 million of debt outstanding on our $2.0 billion revolving
credit facility.  

 

  Key Liquidity Metrics   

  Free Cash flow   

 

         We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity metric because it measures, during a given period, the amount of cash generated
that is available to repay debt obligations, make investments, fund acquisitions, repurchase company shares and for certain other activities. Our free cash flow, which is calculated as cash provided
by operations less net purchases of property and equipment, was $701.5 million, $680.1 million and $416.3 million for fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  


         Free
cash flow is not a measure of liquidity under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same
manner. Free cash flow should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net cash provided by operating activities. Free cash flows reconcile to the most directly comparable GAAP financial
measure of cash flows from operations as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
 $ 
 1,216,460 
   
 $ 
 1,115,430 
   
 $ 
 804,268 
   
 
 
   Purchases of property and equipment 
   
   
 (609,643 
 ) 
   
 (488,993 
 ) 
   
 (437,191 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from the disposition of property and equipment 
   
   
 94,640 
   
   
 53,665 
   
   
 49,187 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Free cash flow 
   
 $ 
 701,457 
   
 $ 
 680,102 
   
 $ 
 416,264 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  

  Cash Conversion Cycle   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Days in trade accounts receivable 
   
   
 42 days 
   
   
 46 days 
   
   
 45 days 
   
 
 
   Days in inventory 
   
   
 54 days 
   
   
 52 days 
   
   
 52 days 
   
 
 
   Days in accounts payable 
   
   
 70 days 
   
   
 72 days 
   
   
 70 days 
   
 
 
   Cash conversion cycle 
   
   
 26 days 
   
   
 26 days 
   
   
 27 days 
   
 
 
 
  
          Days
in trade accounts receivable was calculated as average accounts receivable for the current and prior quarter, adding back the reduction in accounts receivable resulting from
non-cash accounts receivable sales, divided by annualized sales for the current quarter by day. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, days in trade accounts receivable decreased by
4 days to 42 days compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013 largely due to a $409.1 million increase in sales of our accounts receivables for cash. Non-cash accounts
receivable sales or deferred purchase price receivables included for the purposes of the calculation were $470.9 million, $412.4 million and $514.9 million for the years ended
March 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Deferred purchase price receivables were recorded in other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets.  

 49 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Days
in inventory was calculated as average inventory for the current and prior quarter divided by annualized cost of sales for the current quarter by day. During the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2014, days in inventory increased by 2 days to 54 days as compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013. The increase was primarily as a result of the
positioning of raw material inventory to support the production ramp of several programs launched in the current fiscal year and also due to increased levels of inventory that we held as of
March 31, 2014 on behalf of certain customers, as discussed in the operating cash flow section above.  

         Days
in accounts payable was calculated as average accounts payable for the current and prior quarter divided by annualized cost of sales for the current quarter by day. During the
fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, days in accounts payable decreased by 2 days to 70 days compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013 primarily due to timing of
supplier payments and the increase in cost of sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014.  

         Our
cash conversion cycle was calculated as days in trade receivables plus days in inventory, minus days in accounts payable and is a measure of how efficient we are at managing our
working capital. Our cash conversion cycle remained consistent at 26 days for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014 compared to that of fiscal 2013 due to the factors affecting each of
the components in the calculation discussed above.  

         Liquidity
is affected by many factors, some of which are based on normal ongoing operations of the business and some of which arise from fluctuations related to global economics and
markets. Cash balances are generated and held in many locations throughout the world. Local government regulations may restrict our ability to move cash balances to meet cash needs under certain
circumstances; however, any current restrictions are not material. We do not currently expect such regulations and restrictions to impact our ability to pay vendors and conduct operations throughout
the global organization. We believe that our existing cash balances, together with anticipated cash flows from operations and borrowings available under our credit facilities, will be sufficient to
fund our operations through at least the next twelve months.  

         Future
liquidity needs will depend on fluctuations in levels of inventory, accounts receivable and accounts payable, the timing of capital expenditures for new equipment, the extent to
which we utilize operating leases for new facilities and equipment, and the levels of shipments and changes in the volumes of customer orders.  

         Historically,
we have funded operations from cash and cash equivalents generated from operations, proceeds from public offerings of equity and debt securities, bank debt and lease
financings. We also sell designated pools of trade receivables under our asset-backed securitization ("ABS") programs and sell certain trade receivables, which are in addition to the trade receivables
sold in connection with these securitization agreements. During fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012 we received approximately $4.2 billion, $3.5 billion and $4.7 billion,
respectively from sales of receivables under our ABS programs, and $3.4 billion, $1.1 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively from other sales of receivables. As of
March 31, 2014 and 2013, the outstanding balance on receivables sold for cash was $1.1 billion and $720.5 million, respectively, under all our accounts receivable sales programs,
which are removed from accounts receivable balances in our consolidated balance sheets.  

         We
anticipate that we will enter into debt and equity financings, sales of accounts receivable and lease transactions to fund acquisitions and anticipated growth. The sale or issuance of
equity or convertible debt securities could result in dilution to current shareholders. Further, we may issue debt securities that have rights and privileges senior to those of holders of ordinary
shares, and the terms of this debt could impose restrictions on operations and could increase debt service obligations. This increased indebtedness could limit our flexibility as a result of debt
service requirements and restrictive covenants, potentially affect our credit ratings, and may limit our ability to access additional capital or execute our business strategy. Any downgrades in credit
ratings could adversely affect our ability to  

 50 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 borrow
as a result of more restrictive borrowing terms. We continue to assess our capital structure and evaluate the merits of redeploying available cash to reduce existing debt or repurchase ordinary
shares.  

         Historically
we have been successful in refinancing and extending the maturity dates on our term loans and credit facilities. On March 31, 2014, we extended the maturity date to
March 2019 of our $2.0 billion credit facility consisting of a $1.5 billion revolving credit facility and a $500.0 million term loan, which was due to expire in October 2016.
Further during fiscal 2013, we issued Notes of $1 billion with fixed interest rates and used such proceeds to repay our term loan that was due to mature in October 2014 that carried floating
interest rates.  

         On
July 24, 2013, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 10% of our outstanding ordinary shares which was approved by our shareholders at the 2013 Extraordinary
General Meeting held on July 29, 2013. Share repurchases by us under the share repurchase plans are subject to an aggregate limit of 10% of our ordinary shares outstanding as of the date of the
2013 Extraordinary General Meeting. During fiscal year 2014, we repurchased approximately 59.5 million shares for an aggregate purchase value of approximately $468.8 million. As of
March 31, 2014, approximately 37.0 million shares were available to be repurchased under the current plan.  

         On
September 30, 2013, the Singapore Companies Act was amended to increase the share repurchase limit for companies incorporated in Singapore, from 10% to 20% of their shares
outstanding as of the most recent shareholder approval date, subject to the requirements under the Singapore Companies Act.  

  CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS   

         We have a $2.0 billion credit facility consisting of a $1.5 billion revolving credit facility and a $500 million
term loan facility due to mature in March 2019. As of March 31, 2014, there were no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility. Quarterly repayments of principal under this term
loan will commence on June 30, 2014 in the amount of $6.3 million up to March 31, 2016 and will increase to $9.4 million thereafter with the remainder due upon maturity.
The credit facility requires that we maintain a maximum ratio of total indebtedness to earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA"), and a minimum interest
coverage ratio, as defined therein, during its term. As of March 31, 2014, we were in compliance with these covenants. Borrowings under this credit facility bear interest, at the Company's
option, either at (i) LIBOR plus the applicable margin for LIBOR loans ranging between 1.125% and 2.125%, based on the Company's credit ratings or (ii) the base rate (the greatest of the
agent's prime rate, the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and LIBOR for a one-month interest period plus 1.00%) plus an applicable margin ranging between 0.125% and 1.125%, based on the Company's credit
rating. The Company is required to pay a quarterly commitment fee ranging between 0.15% and 0.40% per annum on the daily unused amount of the $1.5 billion Revolving Credit Facility based on the
Company's credit rating.  

         In
addition, we have a $600 million term loan agreement which matures in August 2018. This loan is repayable in quarterly installments of $3.75 million, which will commence
in December 2014 through June 2018, with the remaining amount due at maturity. This term loan agreement also requires that we maintain a maximum ratio of total indebtedness to EBITDA, and a minimum
interest coverage ratio, as defined therein, during its term. As of March 31, 2014, we were in compliance with the covenants under this term loan agreement. Borrowings under this term loan bear
interest, at the Company's option, either at (i) LIBOR plus the applicable margin for LIBOR loans ranging between 1.00% and 2.00%, based on the Company's credit ratings or (ii) the base
rate (the greatest of the agent's prime rate, the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and LIBOR for a one-month interest period plus 1.00%) plus an applicable margin ranging between 0.00% and 1.00%, based
on the Company's credit rating.  


         Further,
during fiscal 2013, we issued an aggregate amount of $1.0 billion in Notes which are senior unsecured obligations, rank equally with all of our other existing and future
senior and  

 51 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 unsecured
debt obligations, and are guaranteed, jointly and severally, fully and unconditionally on an unsecured basis, by each of our 100% owned subsidiaries that guarantees indebtedness under, or is
a borrower under, our $2.0 billion credit facility. In July 2013, the Company exchanged these notes for new notes with substantially similar terms and completed the registration of these notes
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. As of March 31, 2014, we were in compliance with the covenants under these credit facilities. Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually, which
commenced on August 15, 2013.  

         As
of March 31, 2014, we and certain of our subsidiaries had various uncommitted revolving credit facilities, lines of credit and other loans in the amount of
$267.7 million in the aggregate under which there were no borrowings outstanding as of that date.  

         Refer
to the discussion in note 7, "Bank Borrowings and Long-Term Debt" to the consolidated financial statements for further details of our debt obligations.  


         We
have purchase obligations that arise in the normal course of business, primarily consisting of binding purchase orders for inventory related items and capital expenditures.
Additionally, we have leased certain of our property and equipment under capital lease commitments, and certain of our facilities and equipment under operating lease commitments.  


         Future
payments due under our purchase obligations, debt including capital leases and related interest obligations and operating lease contracts are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Total  
   
 Less Than 
1 Year  
   
 1 - 3 Years  
   
 4 - 5 Years  
   
 Greater Than 
5 Years  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Contractual Obligations: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Purchase obligations 
   
 $ 
 2,952,983 
   
 $ 
 2,952,983 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Long-term debt and capital lease obligations 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Long-term debt 
   
   
 2,102,595 
   
   
 32,575 
   
   
 92,500 
   
   
 975,000 
   
   
 1,002,520 
   
 
 
   Capital lease 
   
   
 8,883 
   
   
 4,218 
   
   
 4,592 
   
   
 73 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Interest on long-term debt obligations 
   
   
 484,156 
   
   
 68,749 
   
   
 158,340 
   
   
 136,907 
   
   
 120,160 
   
 
 
   Operating leases, net of subleases 
   
   
 555,121 
   
   
 137,274 
   
   
 190,946 
   
   
 120,888 
   
   
 106,013 
   
 
 
   Restructuring costs 
   
   
 42,396 
   
   
 36,317 
   
   
 6,079 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Customer contractual obligation 
   
   
 55,000 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 55,000 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total contractual obligations 
   
 $ 
 6,201,134 
   
 $ 
 3,232,116 
   
 $ 
 507,457 
   
 $ 
 1,232,868 
   
 $ 
 1,228,693 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 
  
          We
have excluded $243.9 million of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits from the contractual obligations table as we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate of the
periodic settlements with the respective taxing authorities. See note 13, "Income Taxes" to the consolidated financial statements for further details.  

         Our
purchase obligations can fluctuate significantly from period-to-period and can materially impact our future operating asset and liability balances, and our future working capital
requirements. We intend to use our existing cash balances, together with anticipated cash flows from operations to fund our existing and future contractual obligations.  

         As
part of an existing manufacturing agreement with a customer, we are obligated to reimburse the customer for certain performance provisions as defined in the contract. Also defined in
the contract are certain provisions that would allow us to recover these losses in future periods. The maximum commitment under this arrangement was initially $88.0 million and declines as we
manufacture and deliver products under the arrangement, which expires in August 2016. As of March 31, 2014, per the terms of the agreement and in conjunction with negotiations with the customer
during the fourth  

 52 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 quarter
of fiscal 2014, the contractual obligation for reimbursement was determined to be probable and accordingly we recorded $55.0 million to other charges (income), net in the consolidated
statements of operations. Reimbursement is not payable until August 2016 or upon contract termination and as a
result is included in other liabilities. We are finalizing an amendment to this agreement with the customer that includes a waiver of the $55.0 million contractual obligation. Upon the
execution of the amendment, if the contractual obligation is waived, we will reverse this charge with a corresponding credit to other income in the period the amendment is executed.  

  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   

         We sell designated pools of trade receivables to unaffiliated financial institutions under our ABS programs, and in addition to cash,
we receive a deferred purchase price receivable for each pool of the receivables sold. Each of these deferred purchase price receivables serves as additional credit support to the financial
institutions and is recorded at its estimated fair value. As of March 31, 2014 and 2013, the fair value of our deferred purchase price receivable was approximately $470.9 million and
$412.4 million, respectively. As of March 31, 2014 and 2013, the outstanding balance on receivables sold for cash was $1.1 billion and $720.5 million, respectively, under
all our accounts receivable sales programs, which were removed from accounts receivable balances in our consolidated balance sheets. For further information see note 10 to the consolidated
financial statements.  

  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

         Refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for recent accounting pronouncements.   


   
       ITEM 7A.     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK          

  INTEREST RATE RISK   

         A portion of our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates to our investment portfolio, which consists of highly
liquid investments or bank deposits with maturities of three months or less from original dates of purchase and are classified as cash equivalents on our consolidated balance sheet. We do not use
derivative financial instruments in our investment portfolio. We place cash and cash equivalents with various major financial institutions and highly rated money market accounts. Our investment policy
has strict guidelines focusing on preservation of capital. The portfolio is comprised of various instruments including term deposits with banks, marketable securities and money market accounts. . Our
cash is principally invested in the U.S. dollar and China renminbi serving as a natural hedge of our RMB denominated costs. As of March 31, 2014, the outstanding amount in the investment
portfolio was $0.6 billion, the largest components of which were RMB denominated money market accounts with an average return of 4.5%. A hypothetical 10% change in interest rates would not be
expected to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows over the next fiscal year.  


         We
had variable rate debt outstanding of approximately $1.1 billion as of March 31, 2014. Variable rate debt obligations consisted of borrowings under our term loans.
Interest on these obligations is discussed above.  

         Our
variable rate debt instruments create exposures for us related to interest rate risk. Primarily due to the current low interest rates a hypothetical 10% change in interest rates
would not be expected to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows over the next fiscal year.  

         As
of March 31, 2014, the approximate fair value of our debt outstanding under our term loan facilities that matures in March 2019 and August 2018, and Notes due February 2020 and
2023 was 101.0% of the face value of the debt obligations based on broker trading prices.  

 53 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RISK   

         We transact business in various foreign countries and are, therefore, subject to risk of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
We have established a foreign currency risk management policy to manage this risk. To the extent possible, we manage our foreign currency exposure by evaluating and using non-financial techniques,
such as currency of invoice, leading and lagging payments and receivables management. In addition, we may borrow in various foreign currencies and enter into short-term foreign currency forward and
swap contracts to hedge only those currency exposures associated with certain assets and liabilities, mainly accounts receivable and accounts payable, and cash flows denominated in non-functional
currencies.  

         We
endeavor to maintain a partial or fully hedged position for certain transaction exposures. These exposures are primarily, but not limited to, revenues, customer and vendor payments
and inter-company balances in currencies other than the functional currency unit of the operating entity. The credit risk of our foreign currency forward and swap contracts is minimized since all
contracts are with large financial institutions and accordingly, fair value adjustments related to the credit risk of the counter-party financial institution were not material. The gains and losses on
forward and swap contracts generally offset the losses and gains on the assets, liabilities and transactions hedged. The fair value of currency forward and swap contracts is reported on the balance
sheet. The aggregate notional amount of outstanding contracts as of March 31, 2014 amounted to $4.5 billion and the recorded fair values of the associated assets and liabilities were not
material. The majority of these foreign exchange contracts expire in less than three months and all expire within one year. They will settle primarily in Brazilian real, British pound, Canadian
dollar, China renminbi, Danish kroner, the Euro, Hungarian forint, Israeli shekel, Japanese yen, Malaysian ringgit, Mexican peso, Singapore dollar, Indian rupee, Swiss franc and the U.S. dollar.  

         Based
on our overall currency rate exposures as of March 31, 2014, including the derivative financial instruments intended to hedge the nonfunctional currency-denominated monetary
assets, liabilities and cash flows, a near-term 10% appreciation or depreciation of the U.S. dollar from its cross-functional rates would not be expected to have a material effect on our financial
position, results of operations and cash flows over the next fiscal year.  

 54 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       ITEM 8.     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA          

   
       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM          

 To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
Flextronics International Ltd. 
Singapore  

         We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Flextronics International Ltd. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of March 31, 2014 and 2013, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2014. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

         We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  


         In
our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Flextronics International Ltd. and subsidiaries as of
March 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2014, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.  

         We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of
March 31, 2014, based on the criteria established in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated May 20, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.  

 /s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 

 San
Jose, California 
May 20, 2014  

 55 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.              CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands, except 
share amounts) 
   
 
 
    ASSETS 
   
 
 
   Current assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 $ 
 1,593,728 
   
 $ 
 1,587,087 
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $5,529 and $10,877 as of March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively 
   
   
 2,697,985 
   
   
 2,111,996 
   
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 3,599,008 
   
   
 2,722,500 
   
 
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 1,509,605 
   
   
 1,349,818 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total current assets 
   
   
 9,400,326 
   
   
 7,771,401 
   
 
 
   Property and equipment, net 
   
   
 2,288,656 
   
   
 2,174,588 
   
 
 
   Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 
   
   
 377,218 
   
   
 343,552 
   
 
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 433,950 
   
   
 302,014 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 12,500,150 
   
 $ 
 10,591,555 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
   
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Bank borrowings and current portion of long-term debt 
   
 $ 
 32,575 
   
 $ 
 416,654 
   
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
   
 4,747,779 
   
   
 3,705,297 
   
 
 
   Accrued payroll 
   
   
 354,889 
   
   
 351,683 
   
 
 
   Other current liabilities 
   
   
 2,521,444 
   
   
 1,699,151 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total current liabilities 
   
   
 7,656,687 
   
   
 6,172,785 
   
 
 
   Long-term debt, net of current portion 
   
   
 2,070,020 
   
   
 1,650,973 
   
 
 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 571,764 
   
   
 521,039 
   
 
 
   Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Shareholders' equity 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Flextronics International Ltd. Shareholders' equity 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Ordinary shares, no par value; 641,666,347 and 689,159,139 issued, and 591,426,992 and 638,919,784 outstanding as of March 31, 2014 and 2013,
respectively 
   
   
 7,614,515 
   
   
 8,015,142 
   
 
 
   Treasury stock, at cost; 50,239,355 shares as of March 31, 2014 and 2013           
   
   
 (388,215 
 ) 
   
 (388,215 
 ) 
 
 
   Accumulated deficit 
   
   
 (4,937,094 
 ) 
   
 (5,302,688 
 ) 
 
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 (126,156 
 ) 
   
 (77,481 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total Flextronics International Ltd. shareholders' equity 
   
   
 2,163,050 
   
   
 2,246,758 
   
 
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 38,629 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total shareholders' equity 
   
   
 2,201,679 
   
   
 2,246,758 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
   
 $ 
 12,500,150 
   
 $ 
 10,591,555 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 56 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 $ 
 26,108,607 
   
 $ 
 23,569,475 
   
 $ 
 29,343,029 
   
 
 
   Cost of sales 
   
   
 24,609,738 
   
   
 22,187,393 
   
   
 27,825,079 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 58,648 
   
   
 215,834 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 1,440,221 
   
   
 1,166,248 
   
   
 1,517,950 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 874,796 
   
   
 805,235 
   
   
 877,564 
   
 
 
   Intangible amortization 
   
   
 28,892 
   
   
 29,529 
   
   
 49,572 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 16,663 
   
   
 11,600 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other charges (income), net 
   
   
 57,512 
   
   
 (65,190 
 ) 
   
 (19,935 
 ) 
 
 
   Interest and other, net 
   
   
 61,904 
   
   
 56,259 
   
   
 36,019 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
   
   
 400,454 
   
   
 328,815 
   
   
 574,730 
   
 
 
   Provision for income taxes 
   
   
 34,860 
   
   
 26,313 
   
   
 53,960 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations 
   
   
 365,594 
   
   
 302,502 
   
   
 520,770 
   
 
 
   Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (25,451 
 ) 
   
 (32,005 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 365,594 
   
 $ 
 277,051 
   
 $ 
 488,765 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Earnings per share: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Income from continuing operations: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 0.60 
   
 $ 
 0.46 
   
 $ 
 0.73 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 0.59 
   
 $ 
 0.45 
   
 $ 
 0.72 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Loss from discontinued operations: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 (0.04 
 ) 
 $ 
 (0.04 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 (0.04 
 ) 
 $ 
 (0.04 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 0.60 
   
 $ 
 0.42 
   
 $ 
 0.68 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 0.59 
   
 $ 
 0.41 
   
 $ 
 0.67 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Weighted-average shares used in computing per share amounts: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 610,497 
   
   
 662,874 
   
   
 716,247 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 623,479 
   
   
 675,033 
   
   
 727,807 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 57 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 365,594 
   
 $ 
 277,051 
   
 $ 
 488,765 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive loss: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of zero tax 
   
   
 (34,683 
 ) 
   
 (16,289 
 ) 
   
 (53,616 
 ) 
 
 
   Unrealized loss on derivative instruments and other, net of zero tax           
   
   
 (13,992 
 ) 
   
 (20,755 
 ) 
   
 (7,575 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Comprehensive income 
   
 $ 
 316,919 
   
 $ 
 240,007 
   
 $ 
 427,574 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 58 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

 FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Ordinary Shares  
   
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
(Loss)  
   
   
   
   
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   
   
 Shares 
Outstanding  
   
 Amount  
   
 Retained 
Earnings 
(Deficit)  
   
 Unrealized 
gain (loss) on 
derivative 
instruments 
and other  
   
 Foreign 
currency 
translation 
adjustments  
   
 Total 
accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income (loss)  
   
 Total Flextronics 
Interantional Ltd. 
Shareholders' Equity  
   
 Noncontrolling 
Interests  
   
 Shareholders' 
Equity  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2011 
   
   
 756,994 
   
 $ 
 8,342,446 
   
 $ 
 (6,068,504 
 ) 
 $ 
 9,473 
   
 $ 
 11,281 
   
 $ 
 20,754 
   
 $ 
 2,294,696 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 2,294,696 
   
 
 
   Repurchase of Flextronics International Ltd. ordinary shares at cost 
   
   
 (81,688 
 ) 
   
 (509,800 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (509,800 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (509,800 
 ) 
 
 
   Exercise of stock options 
   
   
 5,879 
   
   
 23,055 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 23,055 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 23,055 
   
 
 
   Issuance of Flextronics International Ltd. vested shares under share bonus awards 
   
   
 2,555 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 488,765 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 488,765 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 488,765 
   
 
 
   Stock-based compensation, net of tax 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 48,454 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 48,454 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 48,454 
   
 
 
   Total other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (7,575 
 ) 
   
 (53,616 
 ) 
   
 (61,191 
 ) 
   
 (61,191 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (61,191 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2012 
   
   
 683,740 
   
   
 7,904,155 
   
   
 (5,579,739 
 ) 
   
 1,898 
   
   
 (42,335 
 ) 
   
 (40,437 
 ) 
   
 2,283,979 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,283,979 
   
 
 
   Repurchase of Flextronics International Ltd. ordinary shares at cost 
   
   
 (51,725 
 ) 
   
 (334,014 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (334,014 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (334,014 
 ) 
 
 
   Exercise of stock options 
   
   
 5,398 
   
   
 22,257 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 22,257 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 22,257 
   
 
 
   Issuance of Flextronics International Ltd. vested shares under share bonus awards 
   
   
 1,507 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 277,051 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 277,051 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 277,051 
   
 
 
   Stock-based compensation, net of tax 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 34,529 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 34,529 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 34,529 
   
 
 
   Total other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (20,755 
 ) 
   
 (16,289 
 ) 
   
 (37,044 
 ) 
   
 (37,044 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (37,044 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2013 
   
   
 638,920 
   
   
 7,626,927 
   
   
 (5,302,688 
 ) 
   
 (18,857 
 ) 
   
 (58,624 
 ) 
   
 (77,481 
 ) 
   
 2,246,758 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,246,758 
   
 
 
   Repurchase of Flextronics International Ltd. ordinary shares at cost 
   
   
 (59,546 
 ) 
   
 (468,847 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (468,847 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (468,847 
 ) 
 
 
   Exercise of stock options 
   
   
 6,572 
   
   
 28,140 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 28,140 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 28,140 
   
 
 
   Issuance of Flextronics International Ltd. vested shares under share bonus awards 
   
   
 5,481 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Issuance of subsidiary shares 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 38,650 
   
   
 38,650 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 365,594 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 365,594 
   
   
 (380 
 ) 
   
 365,214 
   
 
 
   Stock-based compensation, net of tax 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 40,080 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 40,080 
   
   
 359 
   
   
 40,439 
   
 
 
   Total other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (13,992 
 ) 
   
 (34,683 
 ) 
   
 (48,675 
 ) 
   
 (48,675 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (48,675 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2014 
   
   
 591,427 
   
 $ 
 7,226,300 
   
 $ 
 (4,937,094 
 ) 
 $ 
 (32,849 
 ) 
 $ 
 (93,307 
 ) 
 $ 
 (126,156 
 ) 
 $ 
 2,163,050 
   
 $ 
 38,629 
   
 $ 
 2,201,679 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 59 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 365,594 
   
 $ 
 277,051 
   
 $ 
 488,765 
   
 
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation, amortization and other impairment charges           
   
   
 464,543 
   
   
 566,357 
   
   
 521,923 
   
 
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
   
   
 2,029 
   
   
 6,643 
   
   
 30,330 
   
 
 
   Non-cash other income 
   
   
 (20,753 
 ) 
   
 (52,408 
 ) 
   
 (33,563 
 ) 
 
 
   Stock-based compensation 
   
   
 40,439 
   
   
 34,529 
   
   
 48,454 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes and other non-cash income taxes           
   
   
 (36,261 
 ) 
   
 (32,647 
 ) 
   
 (1,022 
 ) 
 
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
   
 (592,346 
 ) 
   
 519,140 
   
   
 (30,249 
 ) 
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 (758,846 
 ) 
   
 596,131 
   
   
 301,053 
   
 
 
   Other current and noncurrent assets 
   
   
 (165,760 
 ) 
   
 61,567 
   
   
 29,683 
   
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
   
 1,117,449 
   
   
 (671,424 
 ) 
   
 (750,169 
 ) 
 
 
   Other current and noncurrent liabilities 
   
   
 800,372 
   
   
 (189,509 
 ) 
   
 199,063 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
   
 1,216,460 
   
   
 1,115,430 
   
   
 804,268 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Purchases of property and equipment 
   
   
 (609,643 
 ) 
   
 (488,993 
 ) 
   
 (437,191 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from the disposition of property and equipment           
   
   
 94,640 
   
   
 53,665 
   
   
 49,187 
   
 
 
   Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 (238,031 
 ) 
   
 (184,097 
 ) 
   
 (92,257 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from divestitures of operations, net 
   
   
 4,599 
   
   
 22,585 
   
   
 1,398 
   
 
 
   Other investing activities, net 
   
   
 (35,497 
 ) 
   
 (100,359 
 ) 
   
 (2,501 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 (783,932 
 ) 
   
 (697,199 
 ) 
   
 (481,364 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Proceeds from bank borrowings and long-term debt 
   
   
 1,066,653 
   
   
 1,250,213 
   
   
 2,833,704 
   
 
 
   Repayments of bank borrowings and long-term debt and capital lease obligations 
   
   
 (537,580 
 ) 
   
 (391,859 
 ) 
   
 (2,389,121 
 ) 
 
 
   Payments for early retirement of long-term debt 
   
   
 (544,840 
 ) 
   
 (1,000,000 
 ) 
   
 (480,000 
 ) 
 
 
   Payments for repurchases of ordinary shares 
   
   
 (475,314 
 ) 
   
 (322,040 
 ) 
   
 (509,800 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
   
   
 28,140 
   
   
 22,257 
   
   
 23,055 
   
 
 
   Other financing activities, net 
   
   
 52,149 
   
   
 101,851 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
   
   
 (410,792 
 ) 
   
 (339,578 
 ) 
   
 (522,162 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Effect of exchange rates on cash 
   
   
 (15,095 
 ) 
   
 (9,895 
 ) 
   
 (30,884 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 6,641 
   
   
 68,758 
   
   
 (230,142 
 ) 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
   
   
 1,587,087 
   
   
 1,518,329 
   
   
 1,748,471 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
   
 $ 
 1,593,728 
   
 $ 
 1,587,087 
   
 $ 
 1,518,329 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 60 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          


  1. ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY   

 
        Flextronics International Ltd. ("Flextronics" or the "Company") was incorporated in the Republic of Singapore in May 1990. The Company's operations have expanded over the years
through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. The Company is a globally-recognized leading provider of supply chain solutions that span from concept through consumption. The Company
designs, builds, ships and services a complete packaged electronic product for original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") in the following business groups: High Reliability Solutions ("HRS"), which is
comprised of our medical, automotive, and defense and aerospace businesses; High Velocity Solutions ("HVS"), which includes our mobile devices business, including smart phones; our consumer
electronics business, including game consoles and wearable electronics; and our high-volume computing business, including various supply chain solutions for notebook personal computing ("PC"),
tablets, and printers; Industrial and Emerging Industries ("IEI"), which is comprised of our household appliances, semi-cap equipment, kiosks, energy and emerging industries businesses; and Integrated
Network Solutions ("INS"), which includes our telecommunications infrastructure, data networking, connected home, and server and storage businesses. The Company's strategy is to provide customers with
a full range of cost competitive, global supply chain solutions through which the Company can design, build, ship and service a complete packaged product for its OEM customers. OEM customers leverage
the Company's supply chain solutions to meet their product requirements throughout the entire product life cycle.  


         The
Company's service offerings include a comprehensive range of value-added design and engineering services that are tailored to the various markets and needs of its customers. Other
focused service offerings relate to manufacturing (including enclosures, metals, plastic injection molding, precision plastics, machining, and mechanicals), system integration and assembly and test
services, materials procurement, inventory management, logistics and after-sales services (including product repair, warranty services, re-manufacturing and maintenance), supply chain management
software solutions,
and component product offerings (including rigid and flexible printed circuit boards and power adapters and chargers).  

  2. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

 

  Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation   

 

         The Company's third fiscal quarter ends on December 31, and the fourth fiscal quarter and year ends on March 31 of each
year. The first fiscal quarter ended on June 28, 2013 and June 29, 2012, respectively, and the second fiscal quarter ended on September 27, 2013 and September 28, 2012,
respectively. Amounts included in the consolidated financial statements are expressed in U.S. dollars unless otherwise designated.  

         The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Flextronics and its majority-owned subsidiaries, after elimination of intercompany accounts and transactions.
The Company consolidates all majority-owned subsidiaries and investments in entities in which the Company has a controlling interest. For consolidated majority-owned subsidiaries in which the Company
owns less than 100%, the Company recognizes a non-controlling interest for the ownership of the non-controlling owners. As of March 31, 2014, the non-controlling interest has been included on
the consolidated balance sheets as a component of total shareholders' equity. The associated non-controlling owners' interest in the income or losses of these companies has not been material to the
Company's results of operations for any of the periods presented, and has been classified as a component of interest and other, net, in the consolidated statements of operations.  

 61 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  2. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

         During
fiscal year 2013, the Company finalized the sale of two of its non-core businesses. In accordance with the accounting guidance, these non-core businesses represent separate asset
groups and the divestitures qualify as discontinued operations, and accordingly, the Company has reported the results of operations and financial position of these businesses in discontinued
operations within the consolidated statements of operation and consolidated balance sheets for all periods presented as applicable.  

 

  Use of Estimates   

 

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
("U.S. GAAP" or "GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates are used in accounting for, among other things: allowances for doubtful
accounts; inventory write-downs; valuation allowances for deferred tax assets; uncertain tax positions; valuation and useful lives of long-lived assets including property, equipment, intangible assets
and goodwill; asset impairments; fair values of financial instruments including investments, notes receivable and derivative instruments; restructuring charges; contingencies; fair values of assets
and liabilities obtained in business combinations and the fair values of stock options and share bonus awards granted under the Company's stock-based compensation plans. Actual results may differ from
previously estimated amounts, and such differences may be material to the consolidated financial statements. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically, and the effects of revisions are
reflected in the period they occur.  

 

  Translation of Foreign Currencies   

 

         The financial position and results of operations for certain of the Company's subsidiaries are measured using a currency other than the
U.S. dollar as their functional currency. Accordingly, all assets and liabilities for these subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at the current exchange rates as of the respective balance
sheet dates. Revenue and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Cumulative gains and losses from the translation of these subsidiaries' financial
statements are reported as other comprehensive loss, a component of shareholders' equity. Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from transactions denominated in a currency other than the
functional currency of the entity involved, and
re-measurement adjustments for foreign operations where the U.S. dollar is the functional currency, are included in operating results. Non-functional currency transaction gains and losses, and
re-measurement adjustments were not material to the Company's consolidated results of operations for any of the periods presented, and have been classified as a component of interest and other, net in
the consolidated statements of operations.  

 

  Revenue Recognition   

 

         The Company recognizes manufacturing revenue when it ships goods or the goods are received by its customer, title and risk of ownership
have passed, the price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and recoverability is reasonably assured. Generally, there are no formal substantive customer acceptance requirements or further
obligations related to manufacturing services. If such requirements or obligations exist, then the Company recognizes the related revenues at the time when such requirements are completed and the
obligations are fulfilled. Some of the Company's customer  

 62 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  2. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 contracts
allow the recovery of certain costs related to manufacturing services that are over and above the prices charged for the related products. The Company determines the amount of costs that are
recoverable based on historical experiences and agreements with those customers. Also, certain customer contracts may contain certain commitments and obligations that may result in additional expenses
or decrease in revenue. The Company accrues for these commitments and obligations based on facts and circumstances and contractual terms. The Company also makes provisions for estimated sales returns
and other adjustments at the time revenue is recognized based upon contractual terms and an analysis of historical returns. Provisions for sales returns and other adjustments were not material to the
consolidated financial statements for any of the periods presented.  

         The
Company provides a comprehensive suite of services for our customers that range from advanced product design to manufacturing and logistics to after-sales services. The Company
recognizes service revenue when the services have been performed, and the related costs are expensed as incurred. Sales for services were less than 10% of the Company's total sales for all periods
presented, and accordingly, are included in net sales in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company recognized research and development costs related to its ODM personal computing business
of $78.9 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2012. Research and development activities related to ODM personal computing had ceased by the end of fiscal year 2012.  

 

  Customer Credit Risk   

 

         The Company has an established customer credit policy, through which it manages customer credit exposures through credit evaluations,
credit limit setting, monitoring, and enforcement of credit limits for new and existing customers. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers' financial condition and makes
provisions for doubtful accounts based on the outcome of those credit evaluations. The Company evaluates the collectability of its accounts receivable based on specific customer circumstances, current
economic trends, historical experience with collections and the age of past due receivables. To the extent the Company identifies exposures as a result of credit or customer evaluations, the Company
also reviews other customer related exposures, including but not limited to inventory and related contractual obligations.  

 

  Concentration of Credit Risk   

 

         Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk are primarily accounts receivable, cash
and cash equivalents, and derivative instruments.  

 63 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  2. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

         The
following table summarizes the activity in the Company's allowance for doubtful accounts during fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Balance at 
Beginning 
of Year  
   
 Charged to 
Costs and 
Expenses  
   
 Deductions/ 
Write-Offs  
   
 Balance at 
End of Year  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Year ended March 31, 2012(1)(2) 
   
 $ 
 13,222 
   
 $ 
 30,122 
   
 $ 
 (4,439 
 ) 
 $ 
 38,905 
   
 
 
   Year ended March 31, 2013(2)(3) 
   
 $ 
 38,905 
   
 $ 
 6,643 
   
 $ 
 (34,671 
 ) 
 $ 
 10,877 
   
 
 
   Year ended March 31, 2014 
   
 $ 
 10,877 
   
 $ 
 2,029 
   
 $ 
 (7,377 
 ) 
 $ 
 5,529 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Deductions/write-offs
amount for fiscal year 2012 includes $3.9 million, which was previously reserved and the underlying accounts receivable balance
was reclassified to non-current assets in fiscal year 2012, and carried net of its specific reserve.
 (2) Included
in amounts charged to costs and expenses in fiscal year 2012 is $28.0 million related to a distressed customer, which was written off in
fiscal year 2013 and $0.2 million, related to discontinued operations.
 (3) Deductions/write-offs
amount for fiscal year 2013 includes $5.8 million, which was previously reserved and the underlying accounts receivable balance
was reclassified to non-current assets in fiscal year 2013 and is carried net of its specific reserve.   
  
          One
customer accounted for approximately 13% of the Company's net sales in fiscal 2014. No customer accounted for greater than 10% of the Company's net sales in fiscal 2013. Two
customers accounted for approximately 11% and 10%, respectively of the Company's net sales in fiscal 2012. The Company's ten largest customers accounted for approximately 52%, 47%, and 55% of its net
sales in fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. As of March 31, 2014, one customer accounted for approximately 14% of the Company's total accounts receivables. As of March 31,
2013, no single customer accounted for greater than 10% of the Company's total accounts receivable.  


         The
Company maintains cash and cash equivalents with various financial institutions that management believes to be of high credit quality. These financial institutions are located in
many different locations throughout the world. The Company's investment portfolio, which consists of short-term bank deposits and money market accounts, and are classified as cash equivalents on the
consolidated balance sheet.  

         The
amount subject to credit risk related to derivative instruments is generally limited to the amount, if any, by which a counterparty's obligations exceed the obligations of the
Company with that counterparty. To manage counterparty risk, the Company limits its derivative transactions to those with
recognized financial institutions. See additional discussion of derivatives at note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.  

 

  Cash and Cash Equivalents   

 

         All highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less from original dates of purchase are carried at cost, which
approximates fair market value, and are considered to be cash  

 64 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  2. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  


 equivalents.
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash deposited in checking accounts, money market funds and time deposits.  

         Cash
and cash equivalents consisted of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Cash and bank balances 
   
 $ 
 1,040,800 
   
 $ 
 1,089,697 
   
 
 
   Money market funds and time deposits 
   
   
 552,928 
   
   
 497,390 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 1,593,728 
   
 $ 
 1,587,087 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  

  Inventories   

 

         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (on a first-in, first-out basis) or market value. The stated cost is comprised of direct
materials, labor and overhead. The components of inventories, net of applicable lower of cost or market write-downs, were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Raw materials 
   
 $ 
 2,349,278 
   
 $ 
 1,683,098 
   
 
 
   Work-in-progress 
   
   
 608,284 
   
   
 421,706 
   
 
 
   Finished goods 
   
   
 641,446 
   
   
 617,696 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 3,599,008 
   
 $ 
 2,722,500 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  

  Property and Equipment, Net   

 

         Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is recognized
on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, with the exception of building leasehold improvements, which are amortized over the  

 65 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  2. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 term
of the lease, if shorter. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Property and equipment was comprised of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 As of March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 Depreciable 
Life (In Years)  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Machinery and equipment 
   
 3 - 10 
   
 $ 
 2,929,449 
   
 $ 
 2,668,996 
   
 
 
   Buildings 
   
 30 
   
   
 1,069,376 
   
   
 1,032,595 
   
 
 
   Leasehold improvements 
   
 up to 30 
   
   
 470,960 
   
   
 384,519 
   
 
 
   Furniture, fixtures, computer equipment and software 
   
 3 - 7 
   
   
 427,038 
   
   
 399,368 
   
 
 
   Land 
   
 — 
   
   
 127,567 
   
   
 127,241 
   
 
 
   Construction-in-progress 
   
 — 
   
   
 88,687 
   
   
 139,032 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 5,113,077 
   
   
 4,751,751 
   
 
 
   Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
   
   
   
   
 (2,824,421 
 ) 
   
 (2,577,163 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Property and equipment, net 
   
   
   
 $ 
 2,288,656 
   
 $ 
 2,174,588 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Total
depreciation expense associated with property and equipment amounted to approximately $424.8 million, $412.3 million and $407.5 million in fiscal years 2014,
2013 and 2012, respectively. Property and equipment excludes assets no longer in use and held for sale as a result of restructuring activities, as discussed in note 11 to the consolidated
financial statements.  

         The
Company reviews property and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability
of property and equipment is measured by comparing its carrying amount to the projected undiscounted cash flows the property and equipment are expected to generate. An impairment loss is recognized
when the carrying amount of property and equipment exceeds its fair value.  

 

  Deferred Income Taxes   

 

         The Company provides for income taxes in accordance with the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this
method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amount and the tax basis of existing assets and liabilities by applying the
applicable statutory tax rate to such differences. Additionally, the Company assesses whether each income tax position is "more likely than not" of being sustained on audit, including resolution of
related appeals or litigation, if any. For each income tax position that meets the "more likely than not" recognition threshold, the Company would then assess the largest amount of tax benefit that is
greater than 50% likely of being realized upon effective settlement with the tax authority.  

 

  Accounting for Business and Asset Acquisitions   

 

         The Company has actively pursued business and asset acquisitions, which are accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting.
The fair value of the net assets acquired and the results of the acquired businesses are included in the Company's consolidated financial statements from the acquisition dates forward. The Company is
required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and results of operations during the reporting period.  

 66 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  2. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 Estimates
are used in accounting for, among other things, the fair value of acquired net operating assets, property and equipment, intangible assets and related deferred tax liabilities, useful lives
of plant and equipment and amortizable lives for acquired intangible assets. Any excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the identified assets and liabilities acquired is
recognized as goodwill.  

         The
Company estimates the preliminary fair value of acquired assets and liabilities as of the date of acquisition based on information available at that time. Contingent consideration is
recorded at fair value as of the date of the acquisition with subsequent adjustments recorded in earnings. Changes to valuation allowances on acquired deferred tax assets are recognized in the
provision for, or benefit from, income taxes. The valuation of these tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities is subject to further management review and may change materially
between the preliminary allocation and end of the purchase price allocation period. Any changes in these estimates may have a material effect on the Company's consolidated operating results or
financial position.  

 

  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets   

 

         Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of goodwill may not be recoverable. Recoverability of goodwill is measured at the reporting unit level by comparing the reporting unit's carrying amount, including goodwill, to the fair value of the
reporting unit, which is measured based upon, among other factors, market multiples for comparable companies as well as a discounted cash flow analysis. The Company has one reporting unit: Electronics
Manufacturing Services ("EMS"). If the recorded value of the assets, including goodwill, and liabilities ("net book value") of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss may be
required to be recognized. Further, to the extent the net book value of the Company as a whole is greater than its fair value in the aggregate, all, or a significant portion of its goodwill may be
considered impaired. The Company performed its goodwill impairment assessment on January 31, 2014 and did not elect to perform the qualitative "Step Zero" assessment. Instead the Company
performed a quantitative assessment of its goodwill at the afore-mentioned date. Based on this assessment the Company determined that no impairment existed as of the date of the impairment test. The
fair value of the reporting unit exceeded the carrying value.  

 67 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   


  2. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)   

 
        The following table summarizes the activity in the Company's goodwill account during fiscal years 2014 and 2013 (in thousands):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Balance, beginning of the year, net of accumulated impairment of $5,949,977 
   
 $ 
 262,005 
   
 $ 
 101,670 
   
 
 
   Additions(1) 
   
   
 26,270 
   
   
 160,609 
   
 
 
   Purchase accounting adjustments(2) 
   
   
 4,034 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments 
   
   
 449 
   
   
 (274 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balance, end of period, net of accumulated impairment of $5,949,977 
   
 $ 
 292,758 
   
 $ 
 262,005 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) The
goodwill generated from the Company's business combinations completed during the years 2014 and 2013 are primarily related to value placed on the
employee workforce, service offerings and capabilities and expected synergies. The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. Refer to the discussion of the Company's business acquisitions in
note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.
 (2) Includes
adjustments based on management's estimates resulting from their review and finalization of the valuation of assets and liabilities acquired
through certain business combinations completed in a period subsequent to the respective acquisition. These adjustments were not individually, nor in the aggregate, significant to the Company.  
  
          The
Company's acquired intangible assets are subject to amortization over their estimated useful lives and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an intangible asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of an intangible asset exceeds its fair value. The Company
reviewed the carrying value of its intangible assets as of March 31, 2014 and concluded that such amounts continued to be recoverable.  

         Intangible
assets are comprised of customer-related intangible assets, which primarily include contractual agreements and customer relationships; and licenses and other intangible
assets, which is primarily comprised of licenses and also includes patents and trademarks, and developed technologies. Generally customer-related intangible assets are amortized on an accelerated
method based on
expected cash flows, primarily over a period of up to eight years. Licenses and other intangible assets are generally amortized on a straight line basis over a period of up to seven years. No residual
value is estimated for any intangible assets. The fair value of the Company's intangible assets purchased  

 68 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  2. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 through
business combinations is principally determined based on management's estimates of cash flow and recoverability. The components of acquired intangible assets are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of March 31, 2014  
   
 As of March 31, 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 Gross 
Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Net 
Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Gross 
Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Net 
Carrying 
Amount  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Intangible assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Customer-related intangibles 
   
 $ 
 204,369 
   
 $ 
 (140,713 
 ) 
 $ 
 63,656 
   
 $ 
 294,310 
   
 $ 
 (224,517 
 ) 
 $ 
 69,793 
   
 
 
   Licenses and other intangibles 
   
   
 32,564 
   
   
 (11,760 
 ) 
   
 20,804 
   
   
 21,040 
   
   
 (9,286 
 ) 
   
 11,754 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 236,933 
   
 $ 
 (152,473 
 ) 
 $ 
 84,460 
   
 $ 
 315,350 
   
 $ 
 (233,803 
 ) 
 $ 
 81,547 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
gross carrying amounts of intangible assets are removed when the recorded amounts have been fully amortized. During fiscal year 2014, the gross carrying amounts of such intangible
assets fully
amortized and removed totaled $117.9 million. During the year ended March 31, 2014, the Company's customer-related intangible assets, and licenses and other intangible assets increased
by $15.8 million and $6.9 million respectively, primarily due to the acquisition of Riwisa AG as further discussed in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements. Total
intangible asset amortization expense recognized in continuing operations during fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $28.9 million, $29.5 million and $49.6 million, respectively.
As of March 31, 2014, the weighted-average remaining useful lives of the Company's intangible assets were approximately 2.7 years and 4.1 years for customer-related intangibles,
and licenses and other intangible assets, respectively. The estimated future annual amortization expense for acquired intangible assets is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Fiscal Year Ending March 31,

 

  
   
 Amount  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   2015 
   
 $ 
 26,216 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 21,385 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 13,960 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 8,748 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 4,709 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 9,442 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total amortization expense 
   
 $ 
 84,460 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  

  Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities   

 

         All derivative instruments are recognized on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. If the derivative instrument is designated
as a cash flow hedge, effectiveness is tested monthly using a regression analysis of the change in the spot currency rates and the change in the present value of the spot currency rates. The spot
currency rates are discounted to present value using functional currency LIBOR rates over the maximum length of the hedge period. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative
instrument (excluding time value) is recognized in shareholders' equity as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), and recognized in the consolidated statements of
operations when the hedged item affects earnings. Ineffective and excluded portions of changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are recognized in earnings immediately. If the  

 69 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  2. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 derivative
instrument is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings
in the current period. Additional information is included in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.  

 

  Other Current Assets   

 

         Other current assets includes approximately $470.9 million and $412.4 million as of March 31, 2014 and 2013,
respectively for the deferred purchase price receivable from our Global and North American Asset-Backed Securitization programs. See note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for
additional information regarding the Company's participation in its trade receivables securitization programs. Also included in other current assets as of March 31, 2014 and 2013 were certain
assets purchased on behalf of a customer and financed by a third party banking institution of $267.5 million and $251.3 million, respectively, as further described in note 17 to
the consolidated financial statements.  

 

  Investments   

 

         The Company's investments are included as other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company has certain equity investments
in, and notes receivable from, non-publicly traded companies which are included within other assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. Non-majority-owned investments are accounted for using
the equity method when the Company has an ownership percentage equal to or greater than 20% but less than 50%, or has the ability to significantly influence the operating decisions of the issuer;
otherwise the cost method is used. The Company monitors these investments for impairment indicators and makes appropriate reductions in carrying values as required. Fair values of these investments,
when required, are estimated using unobservable inputs, primarily discounted cash flow projections.  

         As
of March 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company's equity investments in non-majority owned companies totaled $77.4 million and $26.8 million, respectively. The equity in
the earnings or losses of the Company's equity method investments was not material to the consolidated results of operations for any period presented and is included in interest and other, net.  

         The
investments balance as of March 31, 2013 includes $74.4 million relating to the fair value of certain fully vested warrants to purchase common stock of a supplier.
These warrants were exercised and the underlying shares were sold for total proceeds of $67.3 million resulting in a loss of $7.1 million that was recognized during fiscal 2014.  

 

  Other Current Liabilities   

 

         Other current liabilities include customer working capital advances of $754.7 million and $214.1 million, and deferred
revenue of $296.3 million and $227.0 million as of March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The customer working capital advances are not interest bearing, do not have fixed
repayment dates and are generally reduced as the underlying working capital is consumed in production. Also included in other current liabilities as of March 31, 2014 and 2013 were amounts
financed by a third party banking institution for the purchase of assets on behalf of a customer of $286.5 million and $272.8 million, respectively, as further described in
note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.  

 70 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  2. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 

  Restructuring Charges   

 

         The Company recognizes restructuring charges related to its plans to close or consolidate excess manufacturing and administrative
facilities. In connection with these activities, the Company records restructuring charges for employee termination costs, long-lived asset impairment and other exit-related costs.  


         The
recognition of restructuring charges requires the Company to make certain judgments and estimates regarding the nature, timing and amount of costs associated with the planned exit
activity. To the extent the Company's actual results differ from its estimates and assumptions, the Company may be required to revise the estimates of future liabilities, requiring the recognition of
additional restructuring charges or the reduction of liabilities already recognized. Such changes to previously estimated amounts may be material to the consolidated financial statements. At the end
of each reporting period, the Company evaluates the remaining accrued balances to ensure that no excess accruals are retained and the utilization of the provisions are for their intended purpose in
accordance with developed exit plans. See note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding restructuring charges.  

 

  Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

 

         In April 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued guidance which requires an entity to report a disposal of a
component of an entity in discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component of an entity
meets certain criteria to be classified as held for sale when the component of an entity is disposed of by a sale or disposed of other than by a sale. Further, additional disclosures about
discontinued operations should include the following for the periods in which the results of operations of the discontinued operations are presented in the statement of operations: the major classes
of line items constituting pretax profit or loss of discontinued operations; total operating and investing cash flows of discontinued operations; depreciation, amortization, capital expenditures, and
significant operating and investing noncash items of discontinued operations; pretax profit or loss attributable to the parent if a discontinued operation includes a non-controlling interest; a
reconciliation of major classes of assets, liabilities of the discontinued operation classified as held for sale; and a reconciliation of major classes of line items constituting the pretax profit or
loss of the discontinued operation. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2016, and will impact the Company's assessment of any future discontinued operations.  

         In
July 2013, the FASB issued guidance which requires an entity to present unrecognized tax benefits in the financial statements as a reduction to deferred tax assets for net operating
loss carryforwards,
similar tax losses, or tax credit carryforwards. To the extent these are not available at the reporting date, the unrecognized tax benefit should be presented in the financial statements as a
liability and should not be combined with deferred tax assets. This disclosure is effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2015, and is not expected to have a significant impact to the
Company's consolidated financial statements.  

         In
February 2013, the FASB issued guidance which requires an entity to measure obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements, including the amount the reporting
entity agreed to pay on the basis of its arrangement among its co-obligors and any additional amount the reporting entity expects to pay on behalf of its co-obligors, as well as discussion of the
nature of such obligations.  

 71 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  2. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  


 This
disclosure is effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2015, and is not expected to have a significant impact to the Company's consolidated financial statements.  

  3. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION   

 

  Equity Compensation Plans   

 

         During fiscal year 2014, the Company granted equity compensation awards under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2010 Plan") and the
2013 Elementum Plan (the "Elementum Plan"). The 2010 Plan is administered by Flextronics International Ltd., while the Elementum Plan is administered by Elementum SCM (Cayman) Limited, a
majority owned subsidiary of the Company.  

 

 The 2010 Equity Incentive Plan of Flextronics International Ltd.   

 

         As
of March 31, 2014, the Company had approximately 38.1 million shares available for grants under the 2010 Plan. Options issued to employees
under the 2010 Plan generally vest over four years and expire seven years from the date of grant. Options granted to non-employee directors expire five years from the date of grant.  


         The
exercise price of options granted to employees is determined by the Company's Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee and may not be less than the closing price of the
Company's ordinary shares on the date of grant.  

         The
Company also grants share bonus awards under its equity compensation plan. Share bonus awards are rights to acquire a specified number of ordinary shares for no cash consideration in
exchange for continued service with the Company. Share bonus awards generally vest in installments over a three to five year period and unvested share bonus awards are forfeited upon termination of
employment. Vesting for certain share bonus awards is contingent upon both service and market conditions.  

 

  Share-Based Compensation Expense   

 

         The following table summarizes the Company's share-based compensation expense:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Cost of sales 
   
 $ 
 6,540 
   
 $ 
 5,163 
   
 $ 
 7,446 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 33,899 
   
   
 29,366 
   
   
 41,008 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total share-based compensation expense 
   
 $ 
 40,439 
   
 $ 
 34,529 
   
 $ 
 48,454 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          As
required by the authoritative guidance for stock-based compensation, management made an estimate of expected forfeitures and is recognizing compensation costs only for those equity
awards expected to vest. When estimating forfeitures, the Company considers voluntary termination behavior as well as an analysis of actual forfeitures.  


         As
of March 31, 2014, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share options granted to employees under the Company's 2010 Plan was approximately
$0.6 million, net of estimated  

 72 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  3. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)  

 forfeitures.
This cost will be amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.0 year and will be adjusted for estimated forfeitures. As of March 31,
2014, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share bonus awards granted to employees was approximately $77.5 million, net of estimated forfeitures. This cost will be
amortized generally on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average period of approximately 2.4 years and will be adjusted for estimated forfeitures. Approximately $15.0 million of the
unrecognized compensation cost, net of forfeitures, is related to share bonus awards granted to certain key employees whereby vesting is contingent on meeting a certain market condition.  

         Cash
flows resulting from excess tax benefits (tax benefits related to the excess of proceeds from employee exercises of share options over the share-based compensation cost recognized
for those options) are classified as financing cash flows. During fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, the Company did not recognize any excess tax benefits as a financing cash inflow.  

 

  Determining Fair Value   

  Options   

 

          Valuation and Amortization Method —The Company estimates the fair value of share options granted under the 2010 Plan using the Black-Scholes valuation
method and a single option award approach. This fair value is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which is generally the vesting period. The fair
market value of share bonus awards granted, other than those awards with a market condition, is the closing price of the Company's ordinary shares on the date of grant and is generally recognized as
compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the respective vesting period.  

          Expected Term —The Company's expected term used in the Black-Scholes valuation method represents the period that the Company's share options are
expected to be outstanding and is determined based on historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms of the share options, vesting schedules and expectations of
future employee behavior as influenced by changes to the terms of its share options.  


         Expected Volatility —The Company's expected volatility used in the Black-Scholes valuation method is derived from a combination of implied volatility
related to publicly traded options to purchase Flextronics ordinary shares and historical variability in the Company's periodic share price.  

          Expected Dividend —The Company has never paid dividends on its ordinary shares and currently does not intend to do so in the near term, and
accordingly, the dividend yield percentage is zero for all periods.  

         Risk-Free Interest Rate —The Company bases the risk-free interest rate used in the Black-Scholes valuation method on the implied yield currently
available on U.S. Treasury constant maturities issued with a term equivalent to the expected term of the option.  

 73 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

  3. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)   

 
        There were no options granted under the 2010 Plan during fiscal year 2014. The fair value of the Company's share options granted to employees for fiscal years 2013 and 2012 was estimated
using the following weighted-average assumptions:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Expected term 
   
   
 4.1 years 
   
   
 4.1 years 
   
 
 
   Expected volatility 
   
   
 46.9 
 % 
   
 46.9 
 % 
 
 
   Expected dividends 
   
   
 0.0 
 % 
   
 0.0 
 % 
 
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
   
   
 0.9 
 % 
   
 1.1 
 % 
 
 
   Weighted-average fair value 
   
 $ 
 2.48 
   
 $ 
 2.57 
   
 
 
 
  
          Options
granted during the 2013 and 2012 fiscal years had contractual lives of seven years.  

 

  Share bonus awards with service and market conditions   

 

         Valuation and Amortization Method —The Company estimates the fair value of share bonus awards granted under the 2010 Plan whereby vesting is contingent
on meeting certain market conditions using Monte Carlo simulation. This fair value is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, which is the service period.  

          Expected volatility of Flextronics —Volatility used in Monte Carlo simulation is derived from the historical volatility of Flextronics' stock price
over a period equal to the service period of the share bonus awards granted. The service period is three years for those share bonus awards granted in fiscal years 2014 and 2013, and four years for
those share bonus awards granted in fiscal year 2012.  

          Average peer volatility —Volatility used in Monte Carlo simulation is derived from the historical volatilities of both the S&P 500 index and
components of an extended Electronics Manufacturing Services ("EMS") group, comprised of global competitors of the Company within the same industry, for the share bonus awards granted in fiscal year
2014, and historical volatilities of the S&P 500 index for the share bonus awards granted in fiscal years 2013 and 2012 based on the various service periods.  


         Average Peer Correlation —Correlation coefficients were used to model the movement of Flextronics' stock price relative to both the S&P 500
index and peers in the extended EMS group for the share bonus awards granted in fiscal 2014, and relative to the S&P 500 index for the share bonus awards granted in fiscal 2013 and 2012.  

          Expected Dividend —The Company has never paid dividends on its ordinary shares and currently does not intend to do so in the near term, and
accordingly, the dividend yield percentage is zero for all periods.  

         Risk-Free Interest Rate —The Company bases the risk-free interest rate used in the Monte Carlo simulation on the yield of zero-coupon U.S. Treasury
bills, as of the measurement date.  

 74 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  3. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)  


         The
fair value of the Company's share-bonus awards, whereby vesting is contingent on meeting certain market conditions, for fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012 was estimated using the
following weighted-average assumptions:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended 
March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Expected volatility 
   
   
 35.9 
 % 
   
 41.7 
 % 
   
 60.6 
 % 
 
 
   Average peer volatility 
   
   
 35.7 
 % 
   
 19.2 
 % 
   
 27.4 
 % 
 
 
   Average peer correlation 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 0.7 
   
   
 0.7 
   
 
 
   Expected dividends 
   
   
 0.0 
 % 
   
 0.0 
 % 
   
 0.0 
 % 
 
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
   
   
 0.4 
 % 
   
 0.4 
 % 
   
 1.2 
 % 
 
 
 
  
  

  Share-Based Awards Activity   

 

         The following is a summary of option activity for the Company's 2010 Plan ("Price" reflects the weighted-average exercise price):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 Options  
   
 Price  
   
 Options  
   
 Price  
   
 Options  
   
 Price  
   
 
 
   Outstanding, beginning of fiscal year 
   
   
 34,405,564 
   
 $ 
 8.29 
   
   
 43,933,660 
   
 $ 
 7.78 
   
   
 53,942,458 
   
 $ 
 7.61 
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 19,000 
   
   
 6.57 
   
   
 599,800 
   
   
 6.80 
   
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (6,572,383 
 ) 
   
 4.28 
   
   
 (5,398,331 
 ) 
   
 4.12 
   
   
 (5,879,405 
 ) 
   
 3.92 
   
 
 
   Forfeited 
   
   
 (4,220,309 
 ) 
   
 12.93 
   
   
 (4,148,765 
 ) 
   
 8.32 
   
   
 (4,729,193 
 ) 
   
 10.45 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Outstanding, end of fiscal year 
   
   
 23,612,872 
   
 $ 
 8.57 
   
   
 34,405,564 
   
 $ 
 8.29 
   
   
 43,933,660 
   
 $ 
 7.78 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Options exercisable, end of fiscal year 
   
   
 23,373,101 
   
 $ 
 8.58 
   
   
 33,662,480 
   
 $ 
 8.31 
   
   
 37,021,049 
   
 $ 
 8.44 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised (calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying award and the price of the Company's ordinary shares
determined as of the time of option exercise for options exercised in-the-money) under the Company's 2010 Plan was $24.7 million, $13.0 million and $17.1 million during fiscal
years 2014, 2013 and 2012 respectively.  

         Cash
received from option exercises was $28.1 million, $22.3 million and $23.1 million for fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  

 75 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  3. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)  


         The
following table presents the composition of options outstanding and exercisable as of March 31, 2014:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Options Outstanding  
   
 Options Exercisable  
   
 
 
 Range of Exercise Prices

 

  
   
 Number of 
Shares 
Outstanding  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Remaining 
Contractual 
Life 
(In Years)  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Exercise 
Price  
   
 Number of 
Shares 
Exercisable  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Exercise 
Price  
   
 
 
   $1.94 - $2.26 
   
   
 5,420,232 
   
   
 1.77 
   
 $ 
 2.14 
   
   
 5,420,232 
   
 $ 
 2.14 
   
 
 
   $3.39 - $5.75 
   
   
 3,604,664 
   
   
 2.36 
   
   
 5.54 
   
   
 3,583,720 
   
   
 5.54 
   
 
 
   $5.87 - $7.07 
   
   
 233,183 
   
   
 3.28 
   
   
 6.65 
   
   
 198,130 
   
   
 6.67 
   
 
 
   $7.08 - $10.59 
   
   
 5,506,846 
   
   
 1.56 
   
   
 10.18 
   
   
 5,323,072 
   
   
 10.26 
   
 
 
   $10.67 - $11.41 
   
   
 1,104,933 
   
   
 2.13 
   
   
 11.23 
   
   
 1,104,933 
   
   
 11.23 
   
 
 
   $11.53 - $13.98 
   
   
 6,619,666 
   
   
 0.88 
   
   
 12.23 
   
   
 6,619,666 
   
   
 12.23 
   
 
 
   $14.34 - $23.02 
   
   
 1,123,348 
   
   
 0.13 
   
   
 17.59 
   
   
 1,123,348 
   
   
 17.59 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   $1.94 - $23.02 
   
   
 23,612,872 
   
   
 1.52 
   
 $ 
 8.57 
   
   
 23,373,101 
   
 $ 
 8.58 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Options vested and expected to vest 
   
   
 23,602,204 
   
   
 1.52 
   
 $ 
 8.59 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          As
of March 31, 2014, the aggregate intrinsic value for options outstanding, options vested and expected to vest (which includes adjustments for expected forfeitures), and options
exercisable were $53.5 million, $53.4 million and $53.0 million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the
underlying awards and the quoted price of the Company's ordinary shares as of March 31, 2014 for the approximately 10.1 million options that were in-the-money at March 31, 2014.
As of March 31, 2014, the weighted average remaining contractual life for options exercisable was 1.49 years.  

         The
following table summarizes the Company's share bonus award activity ("Price" reflects the weighted-average grant-date fair value):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 Shares  
   
 Price  
   
 Shares  
   
 Price  
   
 Shares  
   
 Price  
   
 
 
   Unvested share bonus awards outstanding, beginning of fiscal year 
   
   
 21,807,069 
   
 $ 
 6.80 
   
   
 15,965,268 
   
 $ 
 6.91 
   
   
 13,801,942 
   
 $ 
 8.04 
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 8,978,941 
   
   
 8.07 
   
   
 9,582,867 
   
   
 6.74 
   
   
 9,213,456 
   
   
 6.78 
   
 
 
   Vested 
   
   
 (5,481,153 
 ) 
   
 6.66 
   
   
 (1,506,234 
 ) 
   
 7.51 
   
   
 (2,555,165 
 ) 
   
 9.34 
   
 
 
   Forfeited 
   
   
 (3,456,737 
 ) 
   
 7.07 
   
   
 (2,234,832 
 ) 
   
 6.86 
   
   
 (4,494,965 
 ) 
   
 8.60 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Unvested share bonus awards outstanding, end of fiscal year 
   
   
 21,848,120 
   
 $ 
 7.32 
   
   
 21,807,069 
   
 $ 
 6.80 
   
   
 15,965,268 
   
 $ 
 6.91 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  76 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  3. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)  

         Of
the 21.8 million unvested share bonus awards outstanding as of the year ended March 31, 2014, approximately 5.1 million represents the target amount of grants
made to certain key employees whereby vesting is contingent on meeting certain market conditions, and are summarized as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Range of shares that 
may be issued  
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Targeted number 
of awards as of 
March 31, 2014 
(in shares)  
   
 Average 
grant date 
fair value 
(per share)  
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Year of grant

 

  
   
 Market condition  
   
 Minimum  
   
 Maximum  
   
 Assessment dates  
 
 
   Fiscal 2014 
   
   
 2,174,000 
   
 $ 
 9.34 
   
 Vesting ranges from zero to 200% based on measurement of Flextronics' total shareholder return against both the Standard and Poor's ("S&P") 500 Composite Index and an Extended Electronics Manufacturing Services
("EMS") Group Index. 
   
   
 0 
   
   
 4,348,000 
   
 May 2016 
 
 
   Fiscal 2013 
   
   
 
1,795,000 
   
 $ 
 
7.63 
   
   Vesting ranges from zero to 200% based on measurement of Flextronics' total shareholder return against the S&P 500
Composite Index. 
   
   
 
0 
   
   
 
3,590,000 
   
   May 2015 
 
 
   Fiscal 2012 
   
   
 
822,500 
   
 $ 
 
7.78 
   
   Vesting ranges from zero to 150% based on measurement of Flextronics' total shareholder return against the S&P 500
Composite Index. 
   
   
 
0 
   
   
 
1,233,750 
   
   June 2014 (50%) 
June 2015 (50%) 
 
 
   Fiscal 2011 
   
   
 
320,000 
   
 $ 
 
7.32 
   
   Vesting ranges from zero to 150% based on measurement of Flextronics' total shareholder return against the S&P 500
Composite Index. 
   
   
 
0 
   
   
 
480,000 
   
   June 2014 
 
 
   Totals 
   
   
 
5,111,500 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
9,651,750 
   
   
 
 
 
  
          In
accordance with the accounting guidance, the Company will continue to recognize share-based compensation expense for these awards with market conditions regardless of whether such
awards will ultimately vest. The first half of the share-bonus awards with market conditions granted in fiscal year 2011 did not vest in June 2013 as the market condition was not met as of that date.
Half of the share-bonus awards with market conditions granted during fiscal 2012 and the remainder of the awards granted during fiscal year 2011 will vest in June 2014, and the expected payout
percentages are approximately 50% and 75% of the number of shares granted, respectively.  

         The
total intrinsic value of share bonus awards vested under the Company's 2010 Plan was $42.4 million, $9.7 million, and $17.7 million during fiscal years 2014,
2013 and 2012, respectively, based on the closing price of the Company's ordinary shares on the date vested.  

 The
2013 Equity Incentive Plan of Elementum SCM (Cayman) Ltd.   

         In
November 2013, Elementum SCM (Cayman) Ltd.("Elementum"), a majority owned subsidiary of the Company established its own equity incentive plan
(Elementum Plan). During the year ended March 31, 2014, Elementum issued 8.3 million options with an average fair value of $0.19 per option and average exercise price of $0.17 per option
to its employees which vest over a period of four years and expire ten years from the grant date. Of these options 1.9 million were cancelled during the fiscal year, and 6.4 million were
outstanding at an average exercise price of $0.19 per option. None of the options had been exercised as of March 31, 2014, and Elementum had approximately 6.6 million shares available
for future grants under this Plan.  

 77 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  3. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)  

         The
exercise price of the options granted under this Plan are determined by the Board of Directors of Elementum and is based on valuations obtained from a third party service provider
for the Elementum common shares as of the date of option grants.  

         Fair
value of options granted under this Plan are determined as follows:  

          Valuation and Amortization Method —Elementum estimates the fair value of share options granted using the Black-Scholes valuation method and a single
option award approach. This fair value is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which is generally the vesting period.  

          Expected Term —The expected term used in the Black-Scholes valuation method is calculated using the simplified method as applicable to
non-publicly-traded companies per the authoritative guidance for stock-based compensation expense.  

          Expected Volatility —The expected volatility used in the Black-Scholes valuation method is derived from implied volatility related to publicly traded
options to purchase ordinary shares of comparable companies.  

         Expected Dividend —Elementum has never paid dividends on its ordinary shares and currently does not intend to do so in the near term, and accordingly,
the dividend yield percentage is zero for all periods.  

          Risk-Free Interest Rate —Elementum bases the risk-free interest rate used in the
Black-Scholes valuation method on the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury constant maturities issued with a term equivalent to the expected term of the option.  


         Total
stock-based compensation expense for the Elementum Plan recognized during the year ended March 31, 2014 is not material to the consolidated operating results of the Company
and is included in the share-based compensation expense disclosures of the Company. Total unrecognized compensation expenses relating to stock options granted to certain employees under the Elementum
Plan as of March 31, 2014 is $3.1 million, and will be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.75 years.  

  4. EARNINGS PER SHARE   


 
        Basic earnings per share for both continuing and discontinued operations exclude dilution and are computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares
outstanding during the applicable periods.  

         Diluted
earnings per share for both continuing and discontinued operations reflect the potential dilution from stock options and share bonus awards. The potential dilution from stock
options exercisable into ordinary share equivalents and share bonus awards was computed using the treasury stock method based on the average fair market value of the Company's ordinary shares for the
period.  

 78 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

  4. EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)   

 
        The following table reflects the basic weighted-average ordinary shares outstanding and diluted weighted-average ordinary share equivalents used to calculate basic and diluted income
from continuing and discontinued operations per share:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
   
 
 
   Basic earnings from continuing and discontinued operations per share: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Income from continuing operations 
   
 $ 
 365,594 
   
 $ 
 302,502 
   
 $ 
 520,770 
   
 
 
   Loss from discontinued operations 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 (25,451 
 ) 
 $ 
 (32,005 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 365,594 
   
 $ 
 277,051 
   
 $ 
 488,765 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Shares used in computation: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Weighted-average ordinary shares outstanding 
   
   
 610,497 
   
   
 662,874 
   
   
 716,247 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Basic earnings from continuing operations per share 
   
 $ 
 0.60 
   
 $ 
 0.46 
   
 $ 
 0.73 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic loss from discontinued operations per share 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 (0.04 
 ) 
 $ 
 (0.04 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
 $ 
 0.60 
   
 $ 
 0.42 
   
 $ 
 0.68 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Diluted earnings from continuing and discontinued operations per share: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Income from continuing operations 
   
 $ 
 365,594 
   
 $ 
 302,502 
   
 $ 
 520,770 
   
 
 
   Loss from discontinued operations 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 (25,451 
 ) 
 $ 
 (32,005 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 365,594 
   
 $ 
 277,051 
   
 $ 
 488,765 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Shares used in computation: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Weighted-average ordinary shares outstanding 
   
   
 610,497 
   
   
 662,874 
   
   
 716,247 
   
 
 
   Weighted-average ordinary share equivalents from stock options and awards(1) 
   
   
 12,982 
   
   
 12,159 
   
   
 11,560 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Weighted-average ordinary shares and ordinary share equivalents outstanding 
   
   
 623,479 
   
   
 675,033 
   
   
 727,807 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Diluted earnings from continuing operations per share 
   
 $ 
 0.59 
   
 $ 
 0.45 
   
 $ 
 0.72 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Diluted loss from discontinued operations per share 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 (0.04 
 ) 
 $ 
 (0.04 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
 $ 
 0.59 
   
 $ 
 0.41 
   
 $ 
 0.67 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Options
to purchase ordinary shares of 17.1 million, 20.6 million and 24.2 million during fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively, and share bonus awards of 0.3 million and 1.2 million during fiscal years 2013 and 2012, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share due
to their anti-dilutive impact on the weighted average ordinary shares equivalents. There were no anti-dilutive share bonus awards in fiscal year 2014.   
  
  79 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  5. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS   

 
        During fiscal 2014, a previously wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company received $38.6 million in exchange for issuing a non-controlling equity interest to certain third party
investors for an ownership interest of less than 20% of the outstanding shares in the subsidiary. The Company continues to own a majority of the subsidiary's outstanding equity and also controls the
subsidiary's board of directors. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements include the financial position and results of operations of this subsidiary as of March 31, 2014 and for the
year then ended.  

         The
Company has recognized the carrying value of the non-controlling interest as a component of total shareholders' equity. The operating results of the subsidiary attributable to the
non-controlling interests are immaterial for all of the periods presented and are included in interest and other, net.  


  6. SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURES   

 
        The following table represents supplemental cash flow disclosures and non-cash investing and financing activities:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Net cash paid for: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest 
   
 $ 
 86,406 
   
 $ 
 66,071 
   
 $ 
 42,067 
   
 
 
   Income taxes 
   
 $ 
 87,561 
   
 $ 
 52,306 
   
 $ 
 66,013 
   
 
 
   Non-cash investing activity: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accounts payable for fixed assets purchases 
   
 $ 
 42,902 
   
 $ 
 89,718 
   
 $ 
 63,671 
   
 
 
 
  
   7. BANK BORROWINGS AND LONG-TERM DEBT   


 
        Bank borrowings and long-term debt are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Term Loan, including current portion, due October 2014 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 170,340 
   
 
 
   Term Loan, including current portion, due in installments through August 2018 
   
   
 600,000 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Term Loan, including current portion, due in installments through March 2019 
   
   
 500,000 
   
   
 517,500 
   
 
 
   4.625% Notes due February 2020 
   
   
 500,000 
   
   
 500,000 
   
 
 
   5.000% Notes due February 2023 
   
   
 500,000 
   
   
 500,000 
   
 
 
   Asia Term Loans 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 375,000 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 2,595 
   
   
 4,787 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
   
 2,102,595 
   
   
 2,067,627 
   
 
 
   Current portion 
   
   
 (32,575 
 ) 
   
 (416,654 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Non-current portion 
   
 $ 
 2,070,020 
   
 $ 
 1,650,973 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  80 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  7. BANK BORROWINGS AND LONG-TERM DEBT (Continued)  

         The
weighted average interest rates for the Company's long-term debt were 3.2% and 3.5% as of March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

         Repayments
of the Company's long-term debt are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Fiscal Year Ending March 31,

 

  
   
 Amount  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   2015 
   
 $ 
 32,575 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 40,000 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 52,500 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 52,500 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 922,500 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 1,002,520 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 2,102,595 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Capital
lease obligations of $8.9 million and $9.1 million, consisting of short-term obligations of $4.2 million and $2.8 million and long term obligations of
$4.7 million and $6.3 million are included in current and non-current liabilities on the Company's balance sheets as of March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

 

  Term Loan Agreement due October 2014   

 

         The Company entered into a $1.8 billion term loan facility, dated as of October 1, 2007, and subsequently amended as of
December 28, 2007.  

         On
August 30, 2013, the Company repaid the remaining amount of $170.3 million under this loan using part of the proceeds from the Term Loan due August 2018.  

 

  Term Loan due August 2018   

 

         On August 30, 2013, the Company entered into a $600 million term loan agreement due August 30, 2018 and used part
of the proceeds to repay the outstanding balances of the term loan due October 2014 and the Asia Term Loans in full amounting to $170.3 million and $374.5 million, respectively. The
remaining $55.2 million was used to repay part of the term loan due March 2019 and upfront bank fees. This loan is repayable in quarterly installments of $3.75 million, which will
commence in December 2014 through June 2018, with the remaining amount due at maturity.  

         Borrowings
under this term loan bear interest, at the Company's option, either at (i) LIBOR plus the applicable margin for LIBOR loans ranging between 1.00% and 2.00%, based on
the Company's credit ratings or (ii) the base rate (the greatest of the agent's prime rate, the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and LIBOR for a one-month interest period plus 1.00%) plus an
applicable margin ranging between 0.00% and 1.00%, based on the Company's credit rating.  

         This
term loan is unsecured, and contains customary restrictions on the Company's and its subsidiaries' ability to (i) incur certain debt, (ii) make certain investments,
(iii) make certain acquisitions of other entities, (iv) incur liens, (v) dispose of assets, (vi) make non-cash distributions to shareholders, and (vii) engage in
transactions with affiliates. These covenants are subject to a number of exceptions and limitations. This term loan agreement also requires that the Company maintain a  

 81 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  7. BANK BORROWINGS AND LONG-TERM DEBT (Continued)  

 maximum
ratio of total indebtedness to EBITDA (earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization), and a minimum interest coverage ratio, as defined therein, during its term. As
of March 31, 2014, the Company was in compliance with the covenants under this term loan agreement.  

 

  Term Loan Agreement due March 2019 and Revolving Line of Credit   

 

         On October 19, 2011, the Company entered into a five-year $2.0 billion Credit Facility consisting of a
$1.5 billion Revolving Credit Facility and a $500.0 million term loan, which was due to expire in October 2016. The Revolving Credit Facility due 2016 replaced the Company's then
existing $2.0 billion revolving credit facility and the $500.0 million term loan refinanced the outstanding amount of its $500.0 million tranche under the Company's
$1.7 billion term loan due October 2014 (referred to above). During fiscal year 2013, the Company increased the limit on the term loan by $50 million and borrowed the entire incremental
amount.  

         On
March 31, 2014, the Company extended the maturity date of this revolving credit facility and term loan to March 2019, and borrowed an incremental amount of $63.4 million
under the term loan thereby increasing the total amount outstanding under the term loan to $500 million. Quarterly repayments of principal under this term loan will commence on June 30,
2014 in the amount of $6.3 million up to March 31, 2016 and will increase to $9.4 million thereafter with the remainder due upon maturity. Upon extension of this revolving credit
facility and term loan, borrowings bear interest, at the Company's option, either at (i) LIBOR plus the applicable margin for LIBOR loans ranging between 1.125% and 2.125%, based on the
Company's credit ratings or (ii) the base rate (the greatest of the agent's prime rate, the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and LIBOR for a one-month interest period plus 1.00%) plus an
applicable margin ranging between 0.125% and 1.125%, based on the Company's credit rating. The Company is required to pay a quarterly commitment fee ranging between 0.15% and 0.40% per annum on the
daily unused amount of the $1.5 billion Revolving Credit Facility based on the Company's credit rating.  

         This
Credit Facility is unsecured, and contains customary restrictions on the Company's and its subsidiaries' ability to (i) incur certain debt, (ii) make certain
investments, (iii) make certain acquisitions of other entities, (iv) incur liens, (v) dispose of assets, (vi) make non-cash distributions to shareholders, and
(vii) engage in transactions with affiliates. These covenants are subject to a number of exceptions and limitations. This Credit Facility also requires that the Company maintain a maximum ratio
of total indebtedness to EBITDA (earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization), and a minimum interest coverage ratio, as defined therein, during its term. As of
March 31, 2014, the Company was in compliance with the covenants under this loan agreement.  

 

  Notes due February 2020 and February 2023   

 

         On February 20, 2013, the Company issued $500.0 million of 4.625% Notes due February 15, 2020 and
$500.0 million of 5.000% Notes due February 15, 2023 (collectively the "Notes") in a private offering pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act. In
July 2013, the Company exchanged these notes for new notes with substantially similar terms and completed the registration of these notes with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company
received net proceeds of approximately $990.6 million from the issuance and used those proceeds, together with $9.4 million of cash on hand, to repay $1.0 billion of outstanding
borrowings under its term loan due October 2014.  

 82 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  7. BANK BORROWINGS AND LONG-TERM DEBT (Continued)  

         Interest
on the Notes is payable semi-annually, which commenced on August 15, 2013. The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company, rank equally with all of the
Company's other existing and future senior and unsecured debt obligations, and are guaranteed, jointly and severally, fully and unconditionally on an unsecured basis, by each of the Company's 100%
owned subsidiaries that guarantees indebtedness under, or is a borrower under, the Company's Term Loan Agreement and Revolving Line of Credit.  

         At
any time prior to maturity, the Company may redeem some or all of the Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus an applicable
premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the applicable redemption date. Upon the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event (as defined in the Notes indenture), the Company must
offer to repurchase the Notes at a repurchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the applicable repurchase date.  

         The
indenture governing the Notes contains covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of the Company and certain of the Company's subsidiaries to create liens; enter into
sale-leaseback transactions; create, incur, issue, assume or guarantee any funded debt; and consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the Company's assets to,
another person. These covenants are subject to a number of significant limitations and exceptions set forth in the indenture. The indenture also provides for customary events of default, including,
but not limited to, cross defaults to certain specified other debt of the Company and its subsidiaries. In the case of an event of default arising from specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency,
all outstanding Notes will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. If any other event of default under the agreement occurs or is continuing, the applicable trustee or
holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may declare all of the Notes to be due and payable immediately. As of March 31, 2014, the Company was in
compliance with the covenants in the indenture governing the Notes.  

 

  Asia Term Loans   

 

         On September 27, 2010, the Company entered into a $50.0 million term loan agreement with a bank based in Asia, which was
due to mature on September 27, 2013. Borrowings under the term loan bear interest at LIBOR plus 2.30%. The Company, at its election, may convert the loan (in whole or in part) to bear interest
at the higher of the Federal Funds rate plus 0.50% or the prime rate plus 1.00%. Principal payments of $500,000 are due quarterly with the balance due on the maturity date. The Company has the right
to prepay any part of the loan without penalty. Borrowings under the term loan agreement are guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Company.  


         On
September 28, 2010, the Company entered into a $130.0 million term loan facility with a bank in Asia, which was due to mature on September 28, 2013. Borrowings
under the facility bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin of 2.15%, and the Company paid a non-refundable fee of $1.4 million at the inception of the loan. The Company has the right to prepay any
part of the loan without penalty.  

         On
February 17, 2011, the Company entered into a $200.0 million term loan facility with a bank in Asia, which was due to mature on February 17, 2014. Borrowings
under the facility bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin of 2.28%, and the Company paid a non-refundable fee of $1.0 million at the inception of the loan.  

 83 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

  7. BANK BORROWINGS AND LONG-TERM DEBT (Continued)   


 
        On August 30, 2013, the Company repaid the entire balance on the Asia Term loans using the proceeds from its Term Loan due August 2018.  

 

  Other Credit Lines   

 

         As of March 31, 2104, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries had various uncommitted revolving credit facilities, lines of
credit and other loans in the amount of $267.7 million in the aggregate. There were no borrowings outstanding under these facilities as of March 31, 2014 and 2013. These unsecured credit
facilities, and lines of credit and other loans bear annual interest at the respective country's inter-bank offering rate, plus an applicable margin, and generally have maturities that expire on
various dates in future fiscal years.  

  8. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS   

 

  Foreign Currency Contracts   

 

         The Company transacts business in various foreign countries and is therefore, exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk inherent
in forecasted sales, cost of sales, and monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies. The Company has established risk management programs to protect against volatility in
the value of non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, and of future cash flows caused by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company tries to maintain a partial
or fully hedged position for certain transaction exposures, which are primarily, but not limited to, revenues, customer and vendor payments and inter-company balances in currencies other than the
functional currency unit of the operating entity. The Company enters into short-term foreign currency forward and swap contracts to hedge only those currency exposures associated with certain assets
and liabilities, primarily accounts receivable and accounts payable, and cash flows denominated in non-functional currencies. Gains and losses on the Company's forward and swap contracts are designed
to offset losses and gains on the assets, liabilities
and transactions hedged, and accordingly, generally do not subject the Company to risk of significant accounting losses. The Company hedges committed exposures and does not engage in speculative
transactions. The credit risk of these forward and swap contracts is minimized since the contracts are with large financial institutions and accordingly, fair value adjustments related to the credit
risk of the counterparty financial institution were not material.  

 84 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  8. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)  

         As
of March 31, 2014, the aggregate notional amount of the Company's outstanding foreign currency forward and swap contracts was $4.5 billion as summarized below:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Foreign Currency Amount  
   
 Notional Contract Value in USD  
   
 
 
 Currency

 

  
   
 Buy  
   
 Sell  
   
 Buy  
   
 Sell  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Cash Flow Hedges 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   CNY 
   
   
 3,521,000 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 566,733 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   EUR 
   
   
 7,832 
   
   
 45,485 
   
   
 10,767 
   
   
 62,231 
   
 
 
   HUF 
   
   
 11,459,000 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 50,699 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   MXN 
   
   
 1,726,500 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 131,898 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   MYR 
   
   
 279,180 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 84,857 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
 65,272 
   
   
 550 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 910,226 
   
   
 62,781 
   
 
 
   Other Forward/Swap Contracts 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   BRL 
   
   
 46,000 
   
   
 343,000 
   
   
 20,372 
   
   
 151,904 
   
 
 
   CAD 
   
   
 124,451 
   
   
 113,476 
   
   
 112,392 
   
   
 102,563 
   
 
 
   CNY 
   
   
 870,314 
   
   
 682,984 
   
   
 140,842 
   
   
 110,000 
   
 
 
   EUR 
   
   
 491,950 
   
   
 727,495 
   
   
 675,990 
   
   
 999,693 
   
 
 
   GBP 
   
   
 30,148 
   
   
 55,101 
   
   
 50,092 
   
   
 91,562 
   
 
 
   HUF 
   
   
 17,044,300 
   
   
 19,714,600 
   
   
 75,411 
   
   
 87,225 
   
 
 
   JPY 
   
   
 7,179,535 
   
   
 4,274,776 
   
   
 70,261 
   
   
 41,834 
   
 
 
   MXN 
   
   
 1,252,670 
   
   
 700,850 
   
   
 95,699 
   
   
 53,542 
   
 
 
   MYR 
   
   
 232,953 
   
   
 28,675 
   
   
 70,806 
   
   
 8,716 
   
 
 
   SEK 
   
   
 413,618 
   
   
 684,395 
   
   
 63,854 
   
   
 105,507 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
 204,306 
   
   
 154,186 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 1,580,025 
   
   
 1,906,732 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total Notional Contract Value in USD 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 2,490,251 
   
 $ 
 1,969,513 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          As
of March 31, 2014 and 2013, the fair value of the Company's short-term foreign currency contracts was not material and included in other current assets or other current
liabilities, as applicable, in the consolidated balance sheets. Certain of these contracts are designed to economically hedge the Company's exposure to monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
non-functional currencies and are not accounted for as hedges under the accounting standards. Accordingly, changes in fair value of these instruments are recognized in earnings during the period of
change as a component of interest and other, net in the consolidated statements of operations. As of March 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company also has included net deferred losses and gains,
respectively, in accumulated other comprehensive loss, a component of shareholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheets, relating to changes in fair value of its foreign currency contracts that
are accounted for as cash flow hedges. These deferred losses and gains were not material, and the deferred losses as of March 31, 2014 are expected to be recognized primarily as a component of
cost of sales in the consolidated statement of operations over the next twelve month period. The gains and losses recognized in earnings due to hedge ineffectiveness were not material for all fiscal
years presented and are included as a component of interest and other, net in the consolidated statements of operations.  

 85 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  8. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)  

         The
following table presents the fair value of the Company's derivative instruments utilized for foreign currency risk management purposes at March 31, 2014 and 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Values of Derivative Instruments  
   
 
 
   
   
 Asset Derivatives  
   
 Liability Derivatives  
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
 Fair Value  
   
   
   
 Fair Value  
   
 
 
   
   
 Balance Sheet 
Location  
   
 March 31, 
2014  
   
 March 31, 
2013  
   
 Balance Sheet 
Location  
   
 March 31, 
2014  
   
 March 31, 
2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency contracts 
   
 Other current assets 
   
 $ 
 3,464 
   
 $ 
 11,032 
   
 Other current liabilities 
   
 $ 
 10,457 
   
 $ 
 3,999 
   
 
 
   Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
   
     
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
     
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Foreign currency contracts 
   
 Other current assets 
   
 $ 
 4,722 
   
 $ 
 16,531 
   
 Other current liabilities 
   
 $ 
 6,949 
   
 $ 
 11,291 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company has financial instruments subject to master netting arrangements, which provides for the net settlement of all contracts with a single counterparty. The Company does not
offset fair value amounts for assets and liabilities recognized for derivative instruments under these arrangements, and as such, the asset and liability balances presented in the table above reflect
the gross amounts of derivatives in the consolidated balance sheets. The impact of netting derivative assets and liabilities is not material to the Company's financial position for any of the periods
presented.  

  9. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   

 
        The changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss by component, net of tax, during fiscal year ended March 31, 2014 are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2014  
   
 
 
   
   
 Unrealized loss on 
derivative instruments 
and other  
   
 Foreign currency 
translation 
adjustments  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
 $ 
 (18,857 
 ) 
 $ 
 (58,624 
 ) 
 $ 
 (77,481 
 ) 
 
 
   Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications 
   
   
 (15,851 
 ) 
   
 (34,683 
 ) 
   
 (50,534 
 ) 
 
 
   Net losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 1,859 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,859 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net current-period other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 (13,992 
 ) 
   
 (34,683 
 ) 
   
 (48,675 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Ending balance 
   
 $ 
 (32,849 
 ) 
 $ 
 (93,307 
 ) 
 $ 
 (126,156 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Substantially
all unrealized losses relating to derivative instruments and other, reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014,
was recognized as a component of cost of sales in the consolidated statement of operations, which primarily relate to the Company's foreign currency contracts accounted for as cash flow hedges.  

 86 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  10. TRADE RECEIVABLES SECURITIZATION   


 
        The Company sells trade receivables under two asset-backed securitization programs and an accounts receivable factoring program.  

  Asset-Backed Securitization Programs   

         The Company continuously sells designated pools of trade receivables under its Global Asset-Backed Securitization Agreement (the
"Global Program") and its North American Asset-Backed Securitization Agreement (the "North American Program," collectively, the "ABS Programs") to affiliated special purpose entities, each of which in
turn sells 100% of the receivables to unaffiliated financial institutions. These programs allow the operating subsidiaries to receive a cash payment and a deferred purchase price receivable for sold
receivables. Following the transfer of the receivables to the special purpose entities, the transferred receivables are isolated from the Company and its affiliates, and upon the sale of the
receivables from the special purpose entities to the unaffiliated financial institutions effective control of the transferred receivables is passed to the unaffiliated financial institutions, which
has the right to pledge or sell the receivables. Although the special purpose entities are consolidated by the Company, they are separate corporate entities and their assets are available first to
satisfy the claims of their creditors. The investment limits set by the financial institutions are $500.0 million for the Global Program, of which $400.0 million is committed and
$100.0 million is uncommitted, and $300.0 million for the North American Program. Both programs require a minimum level of deferred purchase price receivable to be retained by the
Company in connection with the sales.  

         The
Company services, administers and collects the receivables on behalf of the special purpose entities and receives a servicing fee of 0.5% to 1.00% of serviced receivables per annum.
Servicing fees recognized during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were not material and are included in interest and other, net within the consolidated statements of
operations. As the Company
estimates the fee it receives in return for its obligation to service these receivables is at fair value, no servicing assets or liabilities are recognized.  


         As
of March 31, 2014 and 2013, the accounts receivable balances that were sold under the ABS Programs were removed from the consolidated balance sheets and the net cash proceeds
received by the Company during fiscal years ended March 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were included as cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.  

         As
of March 31, 2014, approximately $1.2 billion of accounts receivable had been sold to the special purpose entities under the ABS Programs for which the Company had
received net cash proceeds of $729.3 million and deferred purchase price receivables of $470.9 million. As of March 31, 2013, approximately $1.0 billion of accounts
receivable had been sold to the special purpose entities for which the Company had received net cash proceeds of $556.9 million and deferred purchase price receivables of $412.4 million.
The portion of the purchase price for the receivables which is not paid by the unaffiliated financial institutions in cash is a deferred purchase price receivable, which is paid to the special purpose
entity as payments on the receivables are collected from account debtors. The deferred purchase price receivable represents a beneficial interest in the transferred financial assets and is recognized
at fair value as part of the sale transaction. The deferred purchase price receivables are included in other current assets as of March 31, 2014 and 2013, and were carried at the expected
recovery amount of the related receivables. The difference between the carrying amount of the receivables sold under these programs and the sum of the cash and fair value of the deferred purchase
price receivables received at time of transfer is recognized as a loss on sale of the related receivables  

 87 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  10. TRADE RECEIVABLES SECURITIZATION (Continued)  

 and
recorded in interest and other, net in the consolidated statements of operations; such amounts were $7.1 million, $7.2 million and $10.9 million for the fiscal years ended
March 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  

         For
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, cash flows from sales of receivables under the ABS Programs consisted of approximately $4.2 billion,
$3.5 billion and $4.7 billion, respectively for transfers of receivables (of which approximately $0.4 billion, $0.7 billion and $0.6 billion, respectively
represented new transfers and the remainder proceeds from collections reinvested in revolving period transfers).  

         The
following table summarizes the activity in the deferred purchase price receivables account during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2014 and 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
 $ 
 412,357 
   
 $ 
 514,895 
   
 
 
   Transfers of receivables 
   
   
 3,778,420 
   
   
 3,896,495 
   
 
 
   Collections 
   
   
 (3,719,869 
 ) 
   
 (3,999,033 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Ending balance 
   
 $ 
 470,908 
   
 $ 
 412,357 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Trade Accounts Receivable Sale Programs   

         The Company also sold accounts receivables to certain third-party banking institutions. The outstanding balance of receivables sold and
not yet collected was approximately $341.8 million and $163.6 million as of March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. For the years ended March 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, total
accounts receivables sold to certain third party banking institutions was approximately $3.4 billion, $1.1 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively. The receivables that were sold
were removed from the consolidated balance sheets and were reflected as cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.  

  11. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES   

 
        Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in
which it would transact, and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The accounting guidance for fair value establishes a fair value hierarchy
based on the level of independent, objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the
lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The fair value hierarchy is as follows:  

 

          Level 1—   Applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  

 
 88 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

  11. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)   

 

         The
Company has deferred compensation plans for its officers and certain other employees. Amounts deferred under the plans are invested in hypothetical investments selected by the
participant or the participant's investment manager. The Company's deferred compensation plan assets are included in other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheets and include investments
in equity securities that are valued using active market prices.  

          Level 2—   Applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for
the asset
or liability such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions
(less active markets) such as cash and cash equivalents and money market funds; or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or
corroborated by, observable market data.  

         The
Company values foreign exchange forward contracts using level 2 observable inputs which primarily consist of an income approach based on the present value of the forward rate
less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount.  

         The
Company's cash equivalents are comprised of bank deposits and money market funds, which are valued using level 2 inputs, such as interest rates and maturity periods. Due to
their short-term nature, their carrying amount approximates fair value.  


         The
Company's deferred compensation plan assets also include money market funds, mutual funds, corporate and government bonds and certain convertible securities that are valued using
prices obtained from various pricing sources. These sources price these investments using certain market indices and the performance of these investments in relation to these indices. As a result, the
Company has classified these investments as level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.  

          Level 3—   Applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the
measurement of the
fair value of the assets or liabilities.  

 

         The
Company has accrued for contingent consideration in connection with its business acquisitions, which is measured at fair value based on certain internal models and inputs. The
following table summarizes the activities related to contingent consideration:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
 $ 
 25,000 
   
 $ 
 1,151 
   
 
 
   Additions to accrual 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 25,000 
   
 
 
   Payments 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,151 
 ) 
 
 
   Fair value adjustments 
   
   
 (13,700 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Ending balance 
   
 $ 
 11,300 
   
 $ 
 25,000 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company values deferred purchase price receivables relating to its Asset-Backed Securitization Program based on a discounted cash flow analysis using unobservable inputs
(i.e. level 3 inputs), which are primarily risk free interest rates adjusted for the credit quality of the underlying creditor. Due to its high credit quality and short term maturity,
their fair value approximates carrying value. Significant  

 89 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  11. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)  

 increases
in either of the significant unobservable inputs (credit spread or risk free interest rate) in isolation would result in lower fair value estimates, however the impact is insignificant. The
interrelationship between these inputs is also insignificant. Refer to note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for a reconciliation of the change in the deferred purchase price
receivable.  

         As
of March 31, 2013, the Company had warrants to purchase up to 1.35 million shares of common stock of a certain supplier at a weighted-average price of $7.33 per share.
The warrants were to expire on May 18, 2018. These fully vested warrants, which were derivative instruments, were fair valued at each reporting date with gains or losses from changes in fair
value recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company valued these warrants based on the Black-Scholes option-valuation model using unobservable inputs classified as
level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Significant changes in any of the unobservable inputs in isolation would have resulted in a change in the fair value estimate, but in each case, the amount
would have been insignificant. The interrelationship between these inputs was also insignificant. As of March 31, 2013, the Company used the following assumptions to value these warrants:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of 
March 31, 2013  
   
 
 
   Remaining life 
   
   
 5 years 
   
 
 
   Volatility 
   
   
 58 
 % 
 
 
   Dividend yield 
   
   
 0 
 % 
 
 
   Risk-free rate 
   
   
 0.80 
 % 
 
 
 
  
          During
fiscal year 2014 these warrants were exercised and the underlying shares were sold.  


         The
following table summarizes the changes in the fair value of these warrants:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
 $ 
 74,437 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Exercise of warrants 
   
   
 (67,326 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Fair value adjustment 
   
   
 (7,111 
 ) 
   
 74,437 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Ending balance 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 74,437 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          There
were no transfers between levels in the fair value hierarchy during fiscal years 2014 and 2013.  

 90 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  11. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)  

  Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis   


         The following table presents the Company's assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of March 31,
2014 and 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements as of March 31, 2014  
   
 
 
   
   
 Level 1  
   
 Level 2  
   
 Level 3  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Money market funds and time deposits (Note 2) 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 552,928 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 552,928 
   
 
 
   Deferred purchase price receivable (Note 10) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 470,908 
   
   
 470,908 
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange forward contracts (Note 8) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 8,186 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 8,186 
   
 
 
   Deferred compensation plan assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Mutual funds, money market accounts and equity securities 
   
   
 9,456 
   
   
 36,751 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 46,207 
   
 
 
   Liabilities: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange forward contracts (Note 8) 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 (17,406 
 ) 
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 (17,406 
 ) 
 
 
   Contingent consideration in connection with acquistions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (11,300 
 ) 
   
 (11,300 
 ) 
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements as of March 31, 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 Level 1  
   
 Level 2  
   
 Level 3  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Money market funds and time deposits (Note 2) 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 497,390 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 497,390 
   
 
 
   Deferred purchase price receivable (Note 10) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 412,357 
   
   
 412,357 
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange forward contracts (Note 8) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 27,563 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 27,563 
   
 
 
   Warrants to purchase common shares (Note 2) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 74,437 
   
   
 74,437 
   
 
 
   Deferred compensation plan assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Mutual funds, money market accounts and equity securities 
   
   
 6,931 
   
   
 40,972 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 47,903 
   
 
 
   Liabilities: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange forward contracts (Note 8) 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 (15,290 
 ) 
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 (15,290 
 ) 
 
 
   Contingent consideration in connection with acquistions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (25,000 
 ) 
   
 (25,000 
 ) 
 
 
 
  
   Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis   


         The Company has certain long-lived assets that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, and are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements as of March 31, 2014  
   
 
 
   
   
 Level 1  
   
 Level 2  
   
 Level 3  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Assets held for sale 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 43,504 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 43,504 
   
 
 
 
  
  91 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  11. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)  

   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements as of March 31, 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 Level 1  
   
 Level 2  
   
 Level 3  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Assets held for sale 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 11,089 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 11,089 
   
 
 
   Property and equipment 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 25,331 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 25,331 
   
 
 
 
  
   Assets held for sale   

         Assets held for sale are recorded at the lesser of the carrying value or fair value, which is based on comparable sales from prevailing
market data (level 2 inputs). These assets primarily represent manufacturing facilities that have been closed as part of the Company's historical facility consolidations and that met the
criteria to be classified as held for sale. During fiscal year 2014, the Company transferred $59.4 million of assets to held for sale, and expects to sell these within a period of twelve
months. Disposals of assets held for sale totaled $24.5 million during fiscal year 2014, which resulted in a gain of $9.2 million, and was included as a component of cost of sales in the
consolidated statement of operations. Impairment charges during fiscal year 2014 were not significant for assets that were no longer in use and held for sale. No impairment charges were recorded for
assets held for sale during fiscal year 2013.  

  Property and equipment   

         During the fiscal year 2013, the Company recognized impairment charges relating to certain long-lived assets held and used since the
carrying value of such assets exceeded the fair value, based on the sales of comparable assets, as a result of its restructuring activities as further discussed in note 14 to the consolidated
financial statements.  

         There
were no material fair value adjustments or other transfers between levels in the fair value hierarchy for these long-lived assets during the fiscal years 2014 and 2013.  

 92 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  11. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)  


  Other financial instruments   

         The following table presents the Company's liabilities not carried at fair value as at March 31, 2014 and 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of March 31, 2014  
   
 As of March 31, 2013  
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 Fair Value 
Hierarchy  
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 (In thousands) 
   
   
 
 
   Term Loan, including current portion, due October 2014 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 170,340 
   
 $ 
 170,496 
   
 Level 1 
 
 
   Term Loan, including current portion, due in installments through August 2018 
   
   
 600,000 
   
   
 591,750 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 Level 1 
 
 
   Term Loan, including current portion, due in installments through March 2019 
   
   
 500,000 
   
   
 497,190 
   
   
 517,500 
   
   
 518,794 
   
 Level 1 
 
 
   4.625% Notes due February 2020 
   
   
 500,000 
   
   
 504,688 
   
   
 500,000 
   
   
 507,190 
   
 Level 1 
 
 
   5.000% Notes due February 2023 
   
   
 500,000 
   
   
 517,650 
   
   
 500,000 
   
   
 500,000 
   
 Level 1 
 
 
   Asia Term Loans 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 375,000 
   
   
 375,343 
   
 Level 2 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 2,100,000 
   
 $ 
 2,111,278 
   
 $ 
 2,062,840 
   
 $ 
 2,071,823 
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
term loans and Notes due February 2020 and February 2023 are valued based on broker trading prices in active markets.  

          Asia term loans —The Company's Asia Term Loans were not traded publicly; however, as the pricing, maturity and other pertinent terms of these loans
closely approximate those of the Term Loans due October 2014 and March 2019, management estimates the respective trading prices would be approximately the same.  

  12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

  Commitments   

         As of March 31, 2014 and 2013, the gross carrying amount and associated accumulated depreciation of the Company's property and
equipment financed under capital leases, and the related obligations was not material. The Company also leases certain of its facilities and equipment under  

 93 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)  

 non-cancelable
operating leases. These operating leases expire in various years through 2028 and require the following minimum lease payments:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Fiscal Year Ending March 31,

 

  
   
 Operating 
Lease  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   2015 
   
 $ 
 137,274 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 106,310 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 84,636 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 66,466 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 54,422 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 106,013 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total minimum lease payments 
   
 $ 
 555,121 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Total
rent expense amounted to $150.1 million, $138.8 million and $160.5 million in fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  

         As
part of an existing manufacturing agreement with a customer, the Company is obligated to reimburse the customer for certain performance provisions as defined in the contract. Also
defined in the contract are certain provisions that would allow the Company to recover these losses in future periods. The maximum commitment under this arrangement was initially $88.0 million
and declines as the Company manufactures and delivers products under the arrangement, which expires in August 2016. As of March 31, 2014, per the terms of the agreement, and in conjunction with
negotiations with the customer during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, the contractual obligation for reimbursement was determined to be probable and accordingly the Company recorded
$55.0 million to other charges (income), net in the consolidated statements of operations. Reimbursement is not payable until August 2016 or upon contract termination and as a result is
included in other liabilities. The Company and the customer are finalizing an amendment to this agreement that includes a waiver of the $55.0 million contractual obligation. Upon the execution
of the amendment, if the contractual obligation is waived, the Company will reverse this charge with a corresponding credit to other income in the period the amendment is executed.  


         The
Company valued the contractual obligation as of March 31, 2014 based on the performance provisions defined in the contract (i.e. level 3 inputs in the fair value
hierarchy).  

  Litigation and other legal matters   

         On December 11, 2013, Xilinx, Inc. (plaintiff) filed a lawsuit in Santa Clara County, California, Superior Court against
Flextronics International Ltd.; Flextronics International USA, Inc.; and Flextronics Corporation (Case No. 113CV257431). The complaint asserts various claims, including fraud,
negligent misrepresentation, breach of contract, and unfair competition, based on specific alleged incidents concerning our purchases and sales of Xilinx products. The plaintiff seeks an unspecified
amount of compensatory, statutory, punitive, and other forms of damages, injunctive relief, and attorneys' fees and costs. The plaintiff also seeks a jury trial. Although the outcome of this matter is
currently not determinable, management expects that any losses that are probable or reasonably possible of being incurred as a result of this matter, which are in excess of amounts already accrued in
its consolidated balance sheets, would not be material to the financial statements as a whole.  

 94 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

  12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)   

 
        During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, one of our Brazilian subsidiaries received an assessment for certain sales and import taxes. The tax assessment notice is for nine months of
calendar year 2010. This assessment is currently being reviewed at an administrative level, and we plan to vigorously oppose it as well as any future assessments. We are, however, unable to determine
the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome of these assessments against our Brazilian subsidiary. While we believe there is no legal basis for the alleged liabilities, due to the complexities and
uncertainty surrounding the administrative-review
and judicial processes in Brazil and the nature of the claims, we are unable to reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any. We do not expect final judicial determination on these claims for several
years.  

         In
addition, from time to time, the Company is subject to legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. We defend ourselves vigorously against any
such claims. Although the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable, management expects that any losses that are probable or reasonably possible of being incurred as a result of these
matters, which are in excess of amounts already accrued in its consolidated balance sheet, would not be material to the financial statements as a whole.  


  13. INCOME TAXES   

 
        The domestic (Singapore) and foreign components of income from continuing operations before income taxes were comprised of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Domestic 
   
 $ 
 314,639 
   
 $ 
 170,071 
   
 $ 
 186,855 
   
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 85,815 
   
   
 158,744 
   
   
 387,875 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 400,454 
   
 $ 
 328,815 
   
 $ 
 574,730 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
provision for income taxes from continuing operations consisted of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Current: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Domestic 
   
 $ 
 (681 
 ) 
 $ 
 680 
   
 $ 
 303 
   
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 73,992 
   
   
 60,466 
   
   
 56,100 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
   
 73,311 
   
   
 61,146 
   
   
 56,403 
   
 
 
   Deferred: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Domestic 
   
   
 9 
   
   
 (1,187 
 ) 
   
 386 
   
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 (38,460 
 ) 
   
 (33,646 
 ) 
   
 (2,829 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
   
 (38,451 
 ) 
   
 (34,833 
 ) 
   
 (2,443 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Provision for income taxes 
   
 $ 
 34,860 
   
 $ 
 26,313 
   
 $ 
 53,960 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  95 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  13. INCOME TAXES (Continued)  

         The
domestic statutory income tax rate was approximately 17.0% in fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012. The reconciliation of the income tax expense from continuing operations expected based
on domestic statutory income tax rates to the expense for income taxes included in the consolidated statements of operations is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Income taxes based on domestic statutory rates 
   
 $ 
 68,077 
   
 $ 
 55,899 
   
 $ 
 95,858 
   
 
 
   Effect of tax rate differential 
   
   
 (68,654 
 ) 
   
 (120,785 
 ) 
   
 (177,540 
 ) 
 
 
   Intangible amortization 
   
   
 4,750 
   
   
 4,881 
   
   
 9,502 
   
 
 
   Change in liability for uncertain tax positions 
   
   
 (2,178 
 ) 
   
 15,268 
   
   
 34,517 
   
 
 
   Change in valuation allowance 
   
   
 26,838 
   
   
 68,596 
   
   
 93,336 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 6,027 
   
   
 2,454 
   
   
 (1,713 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Provision for income taxes 
   
 $ 
 34,860 
   
 $ 
 26,313 
   
 $ 
 53,960 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          A
number of countries in which the Company is located allow for tax holidays or provide other tax incentives to attract and retain business. In general, these holidays were secured based
on the nature, size and location of the Company's operations. The aggregate dollar effect on the Company's income resulting from tax holidays and tax incentives to attract and retain business for the
fiscal years ended March 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $15.2 million, $22.6 million and $41.8 million, respectively. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, the
effect on basic and diluted earnings per share was $0.02 and $0.02, and the effect on basic and diluted earnings per share during fiscal years 2013 and 2012 were $0.03 and $0.03, and $0.06 and $0.06,
respectively. Unless extended or otherwise renegotiated, the Company's existing holidays will expire in the fiscal years ending March 31, 2015 through fiscal year 2022.  

         Under
its territorial tax system, Singapore generally does not tax foreign sourced income until repatriated to Singapore. The Company has included the effects of Singapore's territorial
tax system in the rate differential line above. The tax effect of foreign income not repatriated to Singapore for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were $51.5 million,
$26.7 million and $17.7 million, respectively.  

 96 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  13. INCOME TAXES (Continued)  

         The
components of deferred income taxes are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Fixed assets 
   
 $ 
 (76,524 
 ) 
 $ 
 (36,542 
 ) 
 
 
   Others 
   
   
 (54,900 
 ) 
   
 (61,621 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 (131,424 
 ) 
   
 (98,163 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Deferred tax assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Fixed assets 
   
   
 80,801 
   
   
 66,959 
   
 
 
   Intangible assets 
   
   
 62,951 
   
   
 112,327 
   
 
 
   Deferred compensation 
   
   
 10,263 
   
   
 10,341 
   
 
 
   Inventory valuation 
   
   
 9,255 
   
   
 12,514 
   
 
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
   
   
 3,558 
   
   
 13,807 
   
 
 
   Net operating loss and other carryforwards 
   
   
 2,613,095 
   
   
 2,600,895 
   
 
 
   Others 
   
   
 201,906 
   
   
 167,085 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
   
 2,981,829 
   
   
 2,983,928 
   
 
 
   Valuation allowances 
   
   
 (2,749,040 
 ) 
   
 (2,825,579 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
   
   
 232,789 
   
   
 158,349 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net deferred tax asset 
   
 $ 
 101,365 
   
 $ 
 60,186 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   The net deferred tax asset is classified as follows: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current asset (classified as other current assets) 
   
 $ 
 13,522 
   
 $ 
 7,881 
   
 
 
   Long-term asset (classified as other assets) 
   
   
 219,267 
   
   
 150,468 
   
 
 
   Long-term liability (classified as other liabilities) 
   
   
 (131,424 
 ) 
   
 (98,163 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 101,365 
   
 $ 
 60,186 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Utilization
of the Company's deferred tax assets is limited by the future earnings of the Company in the tax jurisdictions in which such deferred assets arose. As a result, management is
uncertain as to when or whether these operations will generate sufficient profit to realize any benefit from the deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance provides a reserve against deferred tax
assets that are not more likely than not to be realized by the Company. However, management has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will realize certain of these benefits and,
accordingly, has recognized a deferred tax asset from these benefits. The change in valuation allowance is net of certain increases and decreases to prior year losses and other carryforwards that have
no current impact on the tax provision. Approximately $34.0 million of the valuation allowance relates to income tax benefits arising from the exercise of stock options, which if realized will
be credited directly to shareholders' equity and will not be available to benefit the income tax provision in any future period.  

         The
Company has recorded deferred tax assets of approximately $2.7 billion related to tax losses and other carryforwards against which the Company has recorded a valuation
allowance for all but  

 97 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  13. INCOME TAXES (Continued)  

 $46.0 million
of the deferred tax assets. These tax losses and other carryforwards, on a tax return basis, will expire at various dates as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 (In thousands)  
   
 
 
   2015 - 2020 
   
 $ 
 279,204 
   
 
 
   2021 - 2026 
   
   
 1,001,767 
   
 
 
   2027 and post 
   
   
 714,406 
   
 
 
   Indefinite 
   
   
 691,790 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 2,687,167 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, could be reduced or increased in the near-term if facts, including the amount of taxable income or the mix of taxable
income between subsidiaries, differ from management's estimates.  

         The
Company does not provide for income taxes on approximately $779.0 million of undistributed earnings of its subsidiaries which are considered to be indefinitely reinvested
outside of Singapore as management has plans for the use of such earnings to fund certain activities outside of Singapore. Determination of the amount of the unrecognized deferred tax liability on
these undistributed earnings is not practicable.  

         A
reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Balance, beginning of fiscal year 
   
 $ 
 230,018 
   
 $ 
 166,432 
   
 
 
   Additions based on tax position related to the current year 
   
   
 16,823 
   
   
 22,185 
   
 
 
   Additions for tax positions of prior years 
   
   
 36,689 
   
   
 62,610 
   
 
 
   Reductions for tax positions of prior years 
   
   
 (19,755 
 ) 
   
 (15,001 
 ) 
 
 
   Reductions related to lapse of applicable statute of limitations 
   
   
 (10,261 
 ) 
   
 (5,444 
 ) 
 
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (8,964 
 ) 
   
 (1,220 
 ) 
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 (686 
 ) 
   
 456 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balance, end of fiscal year 
   
 $ 
 243,864 
   
 $ 
 230,018 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company's unrecognized tax benefits are subject to change over the next twelve months primarily as a result of the expiration of certain statutes of limitations and as audits are
settled. The Company believes it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by an estimated range of $18 million to $37 million within the
next twelve months primarily due to potential settlements of various audits and the expiration of certain statutes of limitations.  


         The
Company and its subsidiaries file federal, state, and local income tax returns in multiple jurisdictions around the world. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to
income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2003.  

 98 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

  13. INCOME TAXES (Continued)   

 
        Of the $243.9 million of unrecognized tax benefits at March 31, 2014, $166.3 million will affect the annual effective tax rate if the benefits are eventually
recognized. The amount that does not impact the effective tax rate relates to positions that would be settled with a tax loss carryforward previously subject to a valuation allowance.  

         The
Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits within the Company's tax expense. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2014 and 2013,
the Company recognized interest and penalties of approximately $8.4 million and $5.1 million, respectively. The Company had approximately $15.6 million and $11.9 million
accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of the fiscal years ended March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  


  14. RESTRUCTURING CHARGES   

 
        The Company initiated certain restructuring activities during fiscal years 2014 and 2013 intended to improve its operational efficiencies by reducing excess workforce and capacity and
realign the corporate cost structure. Restructuring charges are recorded based upon employee termination dates, site closure and consolidation plans.  

 

  Fiscal Year 2014   

 

         During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, the Company recognized restructuring charges of approximately $75.3 million.
The costs associated with these restructuring activities include employee severance, other personnel costs, non-cash impairment charges on equipment no longer in use and to be disposed of, and other
exit related costs due to facility closures or rationalizations. Pre-tax restructuring charges comprised $73.4 million of cash charges predominantly related to employee severance and
$1.9 million of non-cash charges related to impairment of long-lived assets. Employee severance costs were associated with the terminations of 6,758 identified employees. The identified
employee terminations by reportable geographic region amounted to approximately 5,073, 1,482 and 203 for Asia, the Americas and Europe, respectively.  

 99 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  14. RESTRUCTURING CHARGES (Continued)  

         The
components of the restructuring charges by geographic region incurred in fiscal 2014 are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 First 
Quarter  
   
 Fourth 
Quarter  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Americas: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Severance 
   
 $ 
 11,331 
   
 $ 
 11,290 
   
 $ 
 22,621 
   
 
 
   Other exit costs 
   
   
 2,248 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,248 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total restructuring charges 
   
   
 13,579 
   
   
 11,290 
   
   
 24,869 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Asia: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Severance 
   
   
 16,205 
   
   
 13,214 
   
   
 29,419 
   
 
 
   Long-lived asset impairment 
   
   
 1,900 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,900 
   
 
 
   Other exit costs 
   
   
 3,157 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,157 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total restructuring charges 
   
   
 21,262 
   
   
 13,214 
   
   
 34,476 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Europe: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Severance 
   
   
 4,631 
   
   
 10,047 
   
   
 14,678 
   
 
 
   Other exit costs 
   
   
 1,288 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,288 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total restructuring charges 
   
   
 5,919 
   
   
 10,047 
   
   
 15,966 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Severance 
   
   
 32,167 
   
   
 34,551 
   
   
 66,718 
   
 
 
   Long-lived asset impairment 
   
   
 1,900 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,900 
   
 
 
   Other exit costs 
   
   
 6,693 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6,693 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total restructuring charges 
   
 $ 
 40,760 
   
 $ 
 34,551 
   
 $ 
 75,311 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, the Company recognized approximately $66.7 million of severance costs related to employee terminations of which approximately
$50.2 million was recognized in cost of sales.  

         During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, the Company recognized approximately $1.9 million for the write-down of property and equipment, and was classified as a
component of cost of sales. The property and equipment were sold as of March 31, 2014.  


         During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, the Company recognized approximately $6.7 million of other exit costs, which primarily were comprised of $3.8 million
related to personnel costs and $2.9 million of contractual obligations that resulted from facility closures. The majority of these costs were classified as a component of cost of sales.  

 

  Fiscal Year 2013   

 

         During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, the Company recognized restructuring charges of approximately
$227.4 million, of which $110.1 million was associated with the terminations of 9,138 identified employees. The identified employee terminations by reportable geographic region amounted
to approximately 4,467, 2,282, and 2,389 for Asia, the Americas and Europe, respectively. The costs associated with these restructuring activities include employee severance, other personnel costs,  

 100 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  14. RESTRUCTURING CHARGES (Continued)  

 non-cash
impairment charges on facilities and equipment that are not recoverable through future cash flows or are no longer in use and are to be disposed of, and other exit related costs due to
facility closures or rationalizations. Pre-tax restructuring charges comprised $123.0 million of cash charges predominantly related to employee severance costs and $104.4 million of
non-cash charges primarily related asset impairment and other exit charges. The activities associated with these charges were completed by the first quarter of fiscal 2014.  

         The
components of the restructuring charges by geographic region incurred in fiscal 2013 are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Third 
Quarter  
   
 Fourth 
Quarter  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Americas: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Severance 
   
 $ 
 863 
   
 $ 
 13,156 
   
 $ 
 14,019 
   
 
 
   Long-lived asset impairment 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6,302 
   
   
 6,302 
   
 
 
   Other exit costs 
   
   
 322 
   
   
 6,533 
   
   
 6,855 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total restructuring charges 
   
   
 1,185 
   
   
 25,991 
   
   
 27,176 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Asia: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Severance 
   
   
 8,572 
   
   
 18,076 
   
   
 26,648 
   
 
 
   Long-lived asset impairment 
   
   
 46,250 
   
   
 5,268 
   
   
 51,518 
   
 
 
   Other exit costs 
   
   
 28,818 
   
   
 1,443 
   
   
 30,261 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total restructuring charges 
   
   
 83,640 
   
   
 24,787 
   
   
 108,427 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Europe: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Severance 
   
   
 6,142 
   
   
 63,301 
   
   
 69,443 
   
 
 
   Long-lived asset impairment 
   
   
 9,851 
   
   
 1,782 
   
   
 11,633 
   
 
 
   Other exit costs 
   
   
 1,873 
   
   
 8,882 
   
   
 10,755 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total restructuring charges 
   
   
 17,866 
   
   
 73,965 
   
   
 91,831 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Severance 
   
   
 15,577 
   
   
 94,533 
   
   
 110,110 
   
 
 
   Long-lived asset impairment 
   
   
 56,101 
   
   
 13,352 
   
   
 69,453 
   
 
 
   Other exit costs 
   
   
 31,013 
   
   
 16,858 
   
   
 47,871 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total restructuring charges 
   
 $ 
 102,691 
   
 $ 
 124,743 
   
 $ 
 227,434 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, the Company recognized approximately $110.1 million of severance costs related to employee terminations. Approximately
$98.5 million of this was classified as a component of cost of sales for fiscal year 2013.  

         During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, the Company recognized approximately $69.5 million for the write-down of property and equipment and other manufacturing assets.
The majority of this amount was classified as a component of cost of sales.  


         During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, the Company recognized approximately $47.9 million of other exit costs, which primarily were comprised of $22.8 million
for the write-down of certain customer specific assets that were determined to be unrecoverable based on a specific product exit and  

 101 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  14. RESTRUCTURING CHARGES (Continued)  

 resulting
declining customer volumes. Additionally, for fiscal year 2013, other exit costs include $24.7 million of customer disengagement costs primarily related to inventory that resulted
from a product exit as well as contractual obligations from facility closures.  


         The
following table summarizes the provisions, respective payments, and remaining accrued balance as of March 31, 2014 for charges incurred in fiscal years 2014, 2013 and prior
periods:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Severance  
   
 Long-Lived Asset 
Impairment  
   
 Other 
Exit Costs  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Balance as of March 31, 2011 
   
 $ 
 7,596 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 21,726 
   
 $ 
 29,322 
   
 
 
   Activities during the fiscal year 2012: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash payments for charges incurred in fiscal year 2010 and prior 
   
   
 (2,976 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (13,659 
 ) 
   
 (16,635 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balance as of March 31, 2012 
   
   
 4,620 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 8,067 
   
   
 12,687 
   
 
 
   Provision for charges incurred in fiscal year 2013 
   
   
 110,110 
   
   
 69,453 
   
   
 47,871 
   
   
 227,434 
   
 
 
   Cash payments for charges incurred in fiscal year 2013 
   
   
 (28,586 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (3,832 
 ) 
   
 (32,418 
 ) 
 
 
   Cash payments for charges incurred in fiscal year 2010 and prior 
   
   
 (2,455 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,902 
 ) 
   
 (5,357 
 ) 
 
 
   Non-cash charges incurred in fiscal year 2013           
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (69,453 
 ) 
   
 (34,993 
 ) 
   
 (104,446 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balance as of March 31, 2013 
   
   
 83,689 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 14,211 
   
   
 97,900 
   
 
 
   Provision for charges incurred in fiscal year 2014 
   
   
 66,718 
   
   
 1,900 
   
   
 6,693 
   
   
 75,311 
   
 
 
   Cash payments for charges incurred in fiscal year 2014 
   
   
 (40,273 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (4,296 
 ) 
   
 (44,569 
 ) 
 
 
   Cash payments for charges incurred in fiscal year 2013 
   
   
 (71,470 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (8,755 
 ) 
   
 (80,225 
 ) 
 
 
   Cash payments for charges incurred in fiscal year 2010 and prior 
   
   
 (2,171 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,950 
 ) 
   
 (4,121 
 ) 
 
 
   Non-cash charges incurred in fiscal year 2014           
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,900 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,900 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balance as of March 31, 2014 
   
   
 36,493 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,903 
   
   
 42,396 
   
 
 
   Less: Current portion (classified as other current liabilities) 
   
   
 34,600 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,717 
   
   
 36,317 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Accrued restructuring costs, net of current portion (classified as other liabilities) 
   
 $ 
 1,893 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 4,186 
   
 $ 
 6,079 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   15. OTHER CHARGES (INCOME), NET   

 
        During fiscal year 2014, the Company recognized $55.0 million of other charges for a contractual obligation to reimburse a customer for certain performance provisions as defined
in the contract. Refer to note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. Additionally, the Company
exercised warrants to purchase common shares of a certain supplier and sold the underlying shares for total proceeds of $67.3 million resulting in a loss of $7.1 million. Further, the
Company recognized a gain of $4.6 million on the sale of certain investments.  

         During
fiscal year 2013, the Company recognized a net gain of $74.4 million for the fair value adjustment of the warrants referred to above.  

         During
fiscal year 2012, the Company recognized a net gain of $20.0 million in connection with the sale of certain international entities.  

 102 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

  16. INTEREST AND OTHER, NET   

 
        For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the Company recognized interest income of $17.6 million, $20.0 million and $21.7 million.  


         For
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the Company recognized interest expense of $79.9 million, $68.9 million and $67.8 million,
respectively, on its debt obligations outstanding during the period.  

         For
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the Company recognized gains on foreign exchange transactions of $11.8 million, $19.9 million and
$39.7 million, respectively.  

  17. BUSINESS AND ASSET ACQUISITIONS   

 

  Business Acquisitions   

 

         The business and asset acquisitions described below were accounted for using the purchase method of accounting, and accordingly, the
fair value of the net assets acquired and the results of the acquired businesses were included in the Company's consolidated financial statements from the acquisition dates forward. The Company has
not finalized the allocation of the consideration for certain of its recently completed acquisitions and expects to complete these allocations within one year of the respective acquisition dates.  


  Fiscal 2014 business acquisitions   

   Acquisition of Google's Motorola Mobility LLC    

         On April 16, 2013, the Company completed the acquisition of certain manufacturing operations from Google's Motorola
Mobility LLC. The Company also entered into a manufacturing and services agreement with Motorola Mobility LLC for mobile devices in conjunction with this acquisition. This acquisition
expanded the Company's relationship with Google's Motorola Mobility and the Company's capabilities in the mobile devices market. The results of operations were included in the Company's consolidated
financial results beginning on the date of acquisition. Revenues were approximately 11.5% of total revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014. Income before tax of the acquired operations
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014 was not significant to the consolidated financial results of the Company. On a pro forma basis, the estimated increase to our previously reported
revenue amounts to reflect the acquisition of this business as of the first day of the prior comparative period is $3.3 billion for the year-ended March 31, 2013, and operating results
for the same period was immaterial.  

         The
cash consideration for this acquisition amounted to $178.9 million. The allocation of the purchase price to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed was based on their estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed has been allocated to goodwill.  

 103 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  17. BUSINESS AND ASSET ACQUISITIONS (Continued)  


         The
following represents the Company's allocation of the total purchase price to the acquired assets and liabilities assumed of Google's Motorola Mobility LLC (in thousands):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Current assets: 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Inventories 
   
 $ 
 97,740 
   
 
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 24,280 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total current assets 
   
   
 122,020 
   
 
 
   Property and equipment 
   
   
 45,198 
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 2,844 
   
 
 
   Other intangible assets (useful life—6 years) 
   
   
 2,948 
   
 
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 7,414 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 180,424 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Other current liabilities 
   
 $ 
 317 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total current liabilities 
   
   
 317 
   
 
 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 1,202 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total aggregate purchase price 
   
 $ 
 178,905 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
    Acquisition of Riwisa AG    

         On November 4, 2013, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Riwisa AG, a company registered in Switzerland for
total cash consideration of $44.0 million, net of cash acquired amounting to $9.4 million. This acquisition expanded the Company's capabilities in the medical devices market,
particularly precision plastics. The Company primarily acquired inventory, property and equipment and assumed certain liabilities relating to payables and debt. The results of operations were included
in the Company's consolidated financial results beginning on the date of acquisition. Proforma results of operations for this acquisition have not been presented because the effects of the acquisition
were not material to the Company's consolidated financial results.  

         The
initial allocation of the purchase price to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed was based on their estimated fair values as of the date
of acquisition. Management is in the process of determining the fair value amounts for certain acquired real estate, which may also result in an offsetting adjustment to goodwill. The excess of the
purchase price over the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed has been allocated to goodwill. The Company recorded $22.7 million as intangible assets and
$18.5 million as goodwill based on a preliminary assessment of fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Intangible assets are comprised of customer-relationships of
$15.8 million amortized over a period of 10 years and developed technology and trade names of $6.9 million amortized over a period of 7 years.  

         Adjustments
made to the purchase price allocation in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 primarily related to an increase in identifiable intangible assets by approximately
$2.2 million with a corresponding decrease to goodwill. This adjustment did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial results of any prior period.  

 104 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  17. BUSINESS AND ASSET ACQUISITIONS (Continued)  


   Other business acquisitions    

         Further, during fiscal 2014, the Company completed two other acquisitions for total cash consideration of $15.1 million. Neither
of these acquisitions were significant to the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. These businesses expanded the Company's capabilities primarily in
manufacturing operations for precision plastics, components and molds. The Company acquired primarily property and equipment and inventory and
recorded goodwill amounting to $5.0 million in connection with these acquisitions. The results of operations were included in the Company's consolidated financial results beginning on the dates
of these acquisitions. Proforma results of operations for these acquisitions have not been presented because the effects of the acquisitions were immaterial to the Company's consolidated financial
results. Additionally, transaction costs related to all acquisitions completed during the periods presented were immaterial to the Company's financial results.  

         The
Company continues to evaluate certain assets and liabilities related to business combinations completed during recent periods. Additional information, which existed as of the
acquisition date, may become known to the Company during the remainder of the measurement period, a period not to exceed 12 months from the acquisition date. Changes to amounts recorded as
assets or liabilities, as a result of such additional information, may result in a corresponding adjustment to goodwill.  

         The
goodwill generated from the Company's business combinations completed during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014 is primarily related to value placed on the employee
workforce, service offerings and capabilities, and expected synergies and is not deductible for income tax purposes.  

  Fiscal 2013 business acquisitions   

   Acquisition of Saturn Electronics and Engineering Inc.    

         During fiscal year 2013, the Company completed its acquisition of all outstanding common stock of Saturn Electronics and
Engineering, Inc. ("Saturn"), a supplier of electronics manufacturing services, solenoids and wiring for the automotive, appliance, consumer, energy and industrial markets. The acquisition of
Saturn broadened the Company's service offering and strengthened its capabilities in the automotive and consumer electronics businesses. The results of operations were included in the Company's
consolidated financial results beginning on the date of acquisition which amounted to approximately $100.9 million in revenue for the year ended March 31, 2013. Net income of the
acquired business during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013 was not significant to the consolidated operating results of the Company.  


         The
initial cash consideration for this acquisition amounted to $193.7 million with up to an additional $15.0 million of estimated potential contingent consideration, for a
total purchase consideration of $208.7 million.  

         The
allocation of the purchase price to Saturn's tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed was based on their estimated fair values as of the date of
acquisition. Management determined the value of acquired intangible assets with the assistance of a third-party appraisal firm. The excess of the purchase price over the tangible and identifiable
intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed has been allocated to goodwill.  

 105 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  17. BUSINESS AND ASSET ACQUISITIONS (Continued)  

         The
following represents the Company's allocation of the total purchase price to the acquired assets and liabilities assumed of Saturn (in thousands):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Current assets: 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 $ 
 2,191 
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
   
 44,879 
   
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 23,350 
   
 
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 1,970 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total current assets 
   
   
 72,390 
   
 
 
   Property and equipment 
   
   
 40,392 
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 102,725 
   
 
 
   Other intangible assets 
   
   
 57,200 
   
 
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 925 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 273,632 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
 $ 
 29,616 
   
 
 
   Other current liabilities 
   
   
 1,740 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total current liabilities 
   
   
 31,356 
   
 
 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 33,585 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total aggregate purchase price 
   
 $ 
 208,691 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Intangible
assets of $57.2 million in connection with the Saturn acquisition is comprised of customer-relationships of $46.4 million and developed technology amounting to
$10.8 million. Customer relationships are amortized over an estimated useful life of 5 years and developed technology is amortized over an estimated useful life of 7 years.  

 

   Other business acquisitions    

 

         Additionally, during fiscal year 2013, the Company completed three other acquisitions that were not individually, nor in the aggregate,
significant to the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The total consideration, which was paid in cash for these acquisitions, and earn outs related to
certain prior period acquisitions amounted to $72.7 million. The total amount of cash acquired from these acquisitions amounted to $80.1 million, resulting in net cash of
$7.4 million acquired from these acquisitions during the fiscal year ended 2013. One of the acquired businesses expanded the Company's capabilities primarily in the medical and defense markets;
another acquired business supports the hardware product manufacturing needs of an existing customer in the technology industry; and the other acquired business expanded the Company's capabilities
primarily in the LED design and manufacturing market. The Company primarily acquired cash, inventory and certain other manufacturing assets, and recorded goodwill of $61.9 million in connection
with these acquisitions. The aggregate results of operations for these acquisitions were included in the Company's consolidated financial results beginning on the dates of acquisition which amounted
to approximately $231.3 million in revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013. Operating results of these acquisitions during fiscal year ended March 31, 2013 was not
significant, individually or in the aggregate, to the consolidated operating results of the Company.  

 106 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  17. BUSINESS AND ASSET ACQUISITIONS (Continued)  


         In
connection with one of the acquired businesses, the Company entered into an agreement with an existing customer and a third party banking institution to procure certain manufacturing
assets to be financed by the third party banking institution acting as an agent of the customer. These assets will be used exclusively for the benefit of this customer and the terms of this agreement
will reset annually. While the Company has the option to settle this obligation in cash in certain limited instances, the Company can also settle the obligation related to these assets by returning
the respective assets to the
customer and cannot be required to pay cash by either the customer or the third party banking institution to settle the obligation. Accordingly, these assets amounting to $267.5 million and
$251.3 million and the liabilities amounting to $286.5 million and $272.8 million have been included in other current assets and other current liabilities, as of March 31,
2014 and 2013, respectively. The cash flows relating to the purchase of assets by the Company on behalf of the customer amounting to $37.3 million and $115.3 million have been included
in other investing cash flows for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Net cash inflows amounting to $13.5 million and $101.9 million relating to the
funding of these assets by the financial institution on behalf of the customer have been included in cash flows from other financing activities during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2014 and
2013, respectively.  

  Fiscal 2012 business acquisitions   

         During fiscal year 2012, the Company completed three acquisitions that were not individually, nor in the aggregate significant to the
Company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The aggregate cash paid for these acquisitions together with cash paid for contingent consideration related to certain prior period
acquisitions during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012 totaled approximately $92.3 million, net of cash acquired. The acquired businesses expanded the Company's capabilities in the
communications market. The Company primarily acquired inventory and certain other manufacturing assets and recorded goodwill of $8.6 million and customer-related intangibles of
$3.9 million in connection with these acquisitions.  

  18. SHARE REPURCHASE PLAN   

 
        During fiscal year 2014, the Company repurchased approximately 59.5 million shares for an aggregate purchase value of approximately $468.8 million under two separate
repurchase plans as further discussed below.  

         During
the second quarter of fiscal 2014, the Company repurchased the entire remaining amount under a prior share repurchase plan that was approved by the Company's Board of Directors on
September 13, 2012 and the Company's shareholders at the 2012 Extraordinary General Meeting held on August 30, 2012, or approximately 35.3 million shares for an aggregate purchase
value of approximately $259.3 million, and retired all of these shares.  

         The
Company's Board of Directors, on July 24, 2013, authorized the repurchase of up to 10% of the Company's outstanding ordinary shares which was approved by the Company's
shareholders at the 2013 Extraordinary General Meeting held on July 29, 2013. Share repurchases by the Company under the share repurchase plans are subject to an aggregate limit of 10% of the
Company's ordinary shares outstanding as of the date of the 2013 Extraordinary General Meeting. During fiscal year 2014, the Company repurchased approximately 24.2 million shares for an
aggregate purchase value of approximately $209.5 million under this plan, including accrued expenses, and retired all of these  

 107 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  18. SHARE REPURCHASE PLAN (Continued)  

 shares.
As of March 31, 2014, approximately 37.0 million shares were available to be repurchased under this plan.  

         On
September 30, 2013, the Singapore Companies Act was amended to increase the share repurchase limit for companies incorporated in Singapore, from 10% to 20% of their shares
outstanding as of the most recent shareholder approval date, subject to the requirements under the Singapore Companies Act.  

  19. SEGMENT REPORTING   

 
        Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker, or
decision making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company's chief operating decision maker is its Chief Executive Officer. As of March 31, 2014, the
Company operates and internally manages a single operating segment, EMS.  

         Geographic
information is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Net sales: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Asia 
   
 $ 
 13,714,187 
   
 $ 
 11,743,140 
   
 $ 
 15,408,872 
   
 
 
   Americas 
   
   
 8,189,414 
   
   
 7,193,063 
   
   
 8,390,521 
   
 
 
   Europe 
   
   
 4,205,006 
   
   
 4,633,272 
   
   
 5,543,636 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 26,108,607 
   
 $ 
 23,569,475 
   
 $ 
 29,343,029 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Revenues
are attributable to the country in which the product is manufactured or service is provided.  

         During
fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, net sales generated from Singapore, the principal country of domicile, were approximately $504.6 million, $551.7 million and
$663.1 million, respectively.  


         During
fiscal year 2014, China, Mexico, and the United States accounted for approximately 40%, 14%, and 11% of consolidated net sales, respectively. No other country accounted for more
than 10% of net sales in fiscal year 2014.  

         During
fiscal year 2013, China, Mexico, the United States and Malaysia accounted for approximately 35%, 15%, 11% and 10% of consolidated net sales, respectively. No other country
accounted for more than 10% of net sales in fiscal year 2013.  

 108 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

  19. SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)   

 
        During fiscal year 2012, China, Mexico, United States and Malaysia accounted for approximately 38%, 14%, 10% and 10% of consolidated net sales, respectively. No other country accounted
for more than 10% of net sales in fiscal year 2012.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Long-lived assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Asia 
   
 $ 
 1,154,467 
   
 $ 
 1,144,451 
   
 
 
   Americas 
   
   
 785,753 
   
   
 659,289 
   
 
 
   Europe 
   
   
 348,436 
   
   
 370,848 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 2,288,656 
   
 $ 
 2,174,588 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          As
of March 31, 2014 and 2013, long-lived assets held in Singapore were approximately $17.0 million and $15.9 million, respectively.  

         As
of March 31, 2014, China, the United States and Mexico accounted for approximately 41%, 16% and 14%, respectively, of consolidated long-lived assets. No other country accounted
for more than 10% of long-lived assets as of March 31, 2014.  

         As
of March 31, 2013, China, Mexico, and the United States accounted for approximately 39%, 13% and 11%, respectively, of consolidated long-lived assets. No other country
accounted for more than 10% of long-lived assets as of March 31, 2013.  

  20. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS   

 
        During fiscal year 2013, the Company finalized the sale of two of its non-core businesses. Total proceeds received from these sales amounted to $27.2 million, net of
$1.0 million of cash sold. The Company recognized an aggregate loss of $12.1 million on these sales, which is included in interest and other, net within the results from discontinued
operations in fiscal 2013.  

         In
accordance with the accounting guidance, these non-core businesses qualify as discontinued operations, and accordingly, the Company has reported the results of operations and
financial position
of these businesses in discontinued operations within the consolidated statements of operations and the consolidated balance sheets for all periods presented as applicable.  

 109 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  20. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Continued)  

         The
results from discontinued operations were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 $ 
 40,593 
   
 $ 
 127,258 
   
 
 
   Cost of sales 
   
   
 42,793 
   
   
 145,403 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Gross loss 
   
   
 (2,200 
 ) 
   
 (18,145 
 ) 
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 1,930 
   
   
 8,932 
   
 
 
   Intangibles amortization and impairment 
   
   
 11,000 
   
   
 6,325 
   
 
 
   Interest and other, net 
   
   
 11,280 
   
   
 (7 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Loss before income taxes 
   
   
 (26,410 
 ) 
   
 (33,395 
 ) 
 
 
   Benefit from income taxes 
   
   
 (959 
 ) 
   
 (1,390 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net loss of discontinued operations 
   
 $ 
 (25,451 
 ) 
 $ 
 (32,005 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Interest
and other, net for fiscal year 2013 include the loss on sale of the businesses discussed above.  

         For
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, there were no discontinued operations. As of March 31, 2014 and 2013, there were no assets or liabilities attributable to
discontinued operations.  

  21. SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   


 
        Flextronics International Ltd. ("Parent") has two tranches of Notes of $500 million each outstanding, which mature on February 15, 2020 and February 15, 2023,
respectively. These notes are senior unsecured obligations, and are guaranteed, fully and unconditionally, jointly and severally, on an unsecured basis, by certain of the Company's 100% owned
subsidiaries (the "guarantor subsidiaries"). These subsidiary guarantees will terminate upon 1) a sale or other disposition of the guarantor or the sale or disposition of all or substantially
all the assets of the guarantor (other than to the Parent or a subsidiary); 2) such guarantor ceasing to be a guarantor or a borrower under the Company's Term Loan Agreement and the Revolving
Line of Credit; 3) defeasance or discharge of the Notes, as provided in the Notes indenture; or 4) if at any time the notes are rated investment grade.  

         In
lieu of providing separate financial statements for the guarantor subsidiaries, the Company has included the accompanying condensed consolidating financial statements, which are
presented using the equity method of accounting. The principal elimination entries relate to investment in subsidiaries and intercompany balances and transactions, including transactions with the
Company's non-guarantor subsidiaries.  

 110 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  21. SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2014   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Parent  
   
 Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Non-Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Eliminations  
   
 Consolidated  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   
 
 
   ASSETS 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 $ 
 638,714 
   
 $ 
 30,500 
   
 $ 
 924,514 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 1,593,728 
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 766,110 
   
   
 1,931,875 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,697,985 
   
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,387,510 
   
   
 2,211,498 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,599,008 
   
 
 
   Inter company receivable 
   
   
 8,867,520 
   
   
 6,968,138 
   
   
 9,149,244 
   
   
 (24,984,902 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 246 
   
   
 277,035 
   
   
 1,232,324 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,509,605 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total current assets 
   
   
 9,506,480 
   
   
 9,429,293 
   
   
 15,449,455 
   
   
 (24,984,902 
 ) 
   
 9,400,326 
   
 
 
   Property and equipment, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 427,390 
   
   
 1,861,266 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,288,656 
   
 
 
   Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 
   
   
 775 
   
   
 39,074 
   
   
 337,369 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 377,218 
   
 
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 2,585,169 
   
   
 103,335 
   
   
 4,628,970 
   
   
 (6,883,524 
 ) 
   
 433,950 
   
 
 
   Investment in subsidiaries 
   
   
 3,350,690 
   
   
 666,996 
   
   
 16,387,828 
   
   
 (20,405,514 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 15,443,114 
   
 $ 
 10,666,088 
   
 $ 
 38,664,888 
   
 $ 
 (52,273,940 
 ) 
 $ 
 12,500,150 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Bank borrowings and current portion of long-term debt 
   
 $ 
 32,500 
   
 $ 
 60 
   
 $ 
 15 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 32,575 
   
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,256,204 
   
   
 3,491,575 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,747,779 
   
 
 
   Accrued payroll 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 83,288 
   
   
 271,601 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 354,889 
   
 
 
   Inter company payable 
   
   
 8,607,486 
   
   
 9,422,179 
   
   
 6,955,237 
   
   
 (24,984,902 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other current liabilities 
   
   
 24,868 
   
   
 626,550 
   
   
 1,870,026 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,521,444 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total current liabilities 
   
   
 8,664,854 
   
   
 11,388,281 
   
   
 12,588,454 
   
   
 (24,984,902 
 ) 
   
 7,656,687 
   
 
 
   Long term liabilities 
   
   
 4,615,210 
   
   
 2,050,460 
   
   
 2,859,638 
   
   
 (6,883,524 
 ) 
   
 2,641,784 
   
 
 
   Flextronics International Ltd. shareholders' equity 
   
   
 2,163,050 
   
   
 (2,772,653 
 ) 
   
 23,178,167 
   
   
 (20,405,514 
 ) 
   
 2,163,050 
   
 
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 38,629 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 38,629 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total shareholders' equity 
   
   
 2,163,050 
   
   
 (2,772,653 
 ) 
   
 23,216,796 
   
   
 (20,405,514 
 ) 
   
 2,201,679 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
   
 $ 
 15,443,114 
   
 $ 
 10,666,088 
   
 $ 
 38,664,888 
   
 $ 
 (52,273,940 
 ) 
 $ 
 12,500,150 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  111 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  21. SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2013   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Parent  
   
 Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Non-Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Eliminations  
   
 Consolidated  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   
 
 
   ASSETS 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 $ 
 740,515 
   
 $ 
 82,900 
   
 $ 
 763,672 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 1,587,087 
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 458,617 
   
   
 1,653,379 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,111,996 
   
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,063,627 
   
   
 1,658,873 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,722,500 
   
 
 
   Inter company receivable 
   
   
 4,440,955 
   
   
 4,726,673 
   
   
 6,490,274 
   
   
 (15,657,902 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 6,182 
   
   
 178,585 
   
   
 1,165,051 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,349,818 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total current assets 
   
   
 5,187,652 
   
   
 6,510,402 
   
   
 11,731,249 
   
   
 (15,657,902 
 ) 
   
 7,771,401 
   
 
 
   Property and equipment, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 328,621 
   
   
 1,845,967 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,174,588 
   
 
 
   Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 
   
   
 1,075 
   
   
 40,626 
   
   
 301,851 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 343,552 
   
 
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 2,498,080 
   
   
 105,136 
   
   
 4,902,815 
   
   
 (7,204,017 
 ) 
   
 302,014 
   
 
 
   Investment in subsidiaries 
   
   
 4,127,384 
   
   
 141,599 
   
   
 15,968,617 
   
   
 (20,237,600 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 11,814,191 
   
 $ 
 7,126,384 
   
 $ 
 34,750,499 
   
 $ 
 (43,099,519 
 ) 
 $ 
 10,591,555 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Bank borrowings and current portion of long-term debt 
   
 $ 
 416,594 
   
 $ 
 60 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 416,654 
   
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,077,723 
   
   
 2,627,574 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,705,297 
   
 
 
   Accrued payroll 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 86,073 
   
   
 265,610 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 351,683 
   
 
 
   Inter company payable 
   
   
 4,963,615 
   
   
 6,093,606 
   
   
 4,600,681 
   
   
 (15,657,902 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other current liabilities 
   
   
 32,440 
   
   
 424,599 
   
   
 1,242,112 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,699,151 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total current liabilities 
   
   
 5,412,649 
   
   
 7,682,061 
   
   
 8,735,977 
   
   
 (15,657,902 
 ) 
   
 6,172,785 
   
 
 
   Long term liabilities 
   
   
 4,154,784 
   
   
 2,488,279 
   
   
 2,732,966 
   
   
 (7,204,017 
 ) 
   
 2,172,012 
   
 
 
   Shareholders' equity 
   
   
 2,246,758 
   
   
 (3,043,956 
 ) 
   
 23,281,556 
   
   
 (20,237,600 
 ) 
   
 2,246,758 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
   
 $ 
 11,814,191 
   
 $ 
 7,126,384 
   
 $ 
 34,750,499 
   
 $ 
 (43,099,519 
 ) 
 $ 
 10,591,555 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  112 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   


  21. SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations for Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2014   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Parent  
   
 Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Non-Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Eliminations  
   
 Consolidated  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 16,224,739 
   
 $ 
 22,879,360 
   
 $ 
 (12,995,492 
 ) 
 $ 
 26,108,607 
   
 
 
   Cost of sales 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 14,846,866 
   
   
 22,758,364 
   
   
 (12,995,492 
 ) 
   
 24,609,738 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,293 
   
   
 57,355 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 58,648 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,376,580 
   
   
 63,641 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,440,221 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 198,999 
   
   
 675,797 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 874,796 
   
 
 
   Intangible amortization 
   
   
 300 
   
   
 4,124 
   
   
 24,468 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 28,892 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 800 
   
   
 2,401 
   
   
 13,462 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 16,663 
   
 
 
   Interest and other, net 
   
   
 (502,028 
 ) 
   
 860,718 
   
   
 (239,274 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 119,416 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 
   
   
 500,928 
   
   
 310,338 
   
   
 (410,812 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 400,454 
   
 
 
   Provision for income taxes 
   
   
 52 
   
   
 16,762 
   
   
 18,046 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 34,860 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings in subsidiaries 
   
   
 (135,282 
 ) 
   
 (210,354 
 ) 
   
 388,737 
   
   
 (43,101 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
 $ 
 365,594 
   
 $ 
 83,222 
   
 $ 
 (40,121 
 ) 
 $ 
 (43,101 
 ) 
 $ 
 365,594 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  113 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  21. SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations for Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2013   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Parent  
   
 Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Non-Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Eliminations  
   
 Consolidated  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 14,630,979 
   
 $ 
 17,768,884 
   
 $ 
 (8,830,388 
 ) 
 $ 
 23,569,475 
   
 
 
   Cost of sales 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 13,162,397 
   
   
 17,855,384 
   
   
 (8,830,388 
 ) 
   
 22,187,393 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 20,366 
   
   
 195,468 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 215,834 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Gross profit (loss) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,448,216 
   
   
 (281,968 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 1,166,248 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 199,934 
   
   
 605,301 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 805,235 
   
 
 
   Intangible amortization 
   
   
 300 
   
   
 7,840 
   
   
 21,389 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 29,529 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,556 
   
   
 10,044 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 11,600 
   
 
 
   Interest and other, net 
   
   
 (880,051 
 ) 
   
 699,459 
   
   
 171,661 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (8,931 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 
   
   
 879,751 
   
   
 539,427 
   
   
 (1,090,363 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 328,815 
   
 
 
   Provision for income taxes 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,708 
   
   
 24,605 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 26,313 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings in subsidiaries 
   
   
 (602,700 
 ) 
   
 (330,600 
 ) 
   
 585,839 
   
   
 347,461 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
   
 277,051 
   
   
 207,119 
   
   
 (529,129 
 ) 
   
 347,461 
   
   
 302,502 
   
 
 
   Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (25,451 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (25,451 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
 $ 
 277,051 
   
 $ 
 207,119 
   
 $ 
 (554,580 
 ) 
 $ 
 347,461 
   
 $ 
 277,051 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  114 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  21. SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations for Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2012   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Parent  
   
 Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Non-Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Eliminations  
   
 Consolidated  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 18,852,902 
   
 $ 
 22,012,300 
   
 $ 
 (11,522,173 
 ) 
 $ 
 29,343,029 
   
 
 
   Cost of sales 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 17,395,532 
   
   
 21,951,720 
   
   
 (11,522,173 
 ) 
   
 27,825,079 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,457,370 
   
   
 60,580 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,517,950 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 203,673 
   
   
 673,891 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 877,564 
   
 
 
   Intangible amortization 
   
   
 2,550 
   
   
 11,559 
   
   
 35,463 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 49,572 
   
 
 
   Interest and other, net 
   
   
 (442,563 
 ) 
   
 1,079,398 
   
   
 (620,751 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 16,084 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
   
   
 440,013 
   
   
 162,740 
   
   
 (28,023 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 574,730 
   
 
 
   Provision for income taxes 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,633 
   
   
 52,327 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 53,960 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings in subsidiaries 
   
   
 48,752 
   
   
 96,713 
   
   
 360,073 
   
   
 (505,538 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations 
   
   
 488,765 
   
   
 257,820 
   
   
 279,723 
   
   
 (505,538 
 ) 
   
 520,770 
   
 
 
   Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (32,005 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (32,005 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
 $ 
 488,765 
   
 $ 
 257,820 
   
 $ 
 247,718 
   
 $ 
 (505,538 
 ) 
 $ 
 488,765 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income for Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2014   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Parent  
   
 Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Non-Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Eliminations  
   
 Consolidated  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   
 
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
 $ 
 365,594 
   
 $ 
 83,222 
   
 $ 
 (40,121 
 ) 
 $ 
 (43,101 
 ) 
 $ 
 365,594 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of zero tax 
   
   
 (34,683 
 ) 
   
 (23,634 
 ) 
   
 (89,635 
 ) 
   
 113,269 
   
   
 (34,683 
 ) 
 
 
   Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments and other, net of zero tax 
   
   
 (13,992 
 ) 
   
 (6,229 
 ) 
   
 (13,992 
 ) 
   
 20,221 
   
   
 (13,992 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
 $ 
 316,919 
   
 $ 
 53,359 
   
 $ 
 (143,748 
 ) 
 $ 
 90,389 
   
 $ 
 316,919 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  115 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

  21. SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   


  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income for Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2013   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Parent  
   
 Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Non-Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Eliminations  
   
 Consolidated  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   
 
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
 $ 
 277,051 
   
 $ 
 207,119 
   
 $ 
 (554,580 
 ) 
 $ 
 347,461 
   
 $ 
 277,051 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of zero tax 
   
   
 (16,289 
 ) 
   
 6,464 
   
   
 10,377 
   
   
 (16,841 
 ) 
   
 (16,289 
 ) 
 
 
   Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments and other, net of zero tax 
   
   
 (20,755 
 ) 
   
 (21,084 
 ) 
   
 (20,755 
 ) 
   
 41,839 
   
   
 (20,755 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
 $ 
 240,007 
   
 $ 
 192,499 
   
 $ 
 (564,958 
 ) 
 $ 
 372,459 
   
 $ 
 240,007 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income for Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2012   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Parent  
   
 Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Non-Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Eliminations  
   
 Consolidated  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   
 
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
 $ 
 488,765 
   
 $ 
 257,820 
   
 $ 
 247,718 
   
 $ 
 (505,538 
 ) 
 $ 
 488,765 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of zero tax 
   
   
 (53,616 
 ) 
   
 40,899 
   
   
 755 
   
   
 (41,654 
 ) 
   
 (53,616 
 ) 
 
 
   Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments and other, net of zero tax 
   
   
 (7,575 
 ) 
   
 (943 
 ) 
   
 (7,575 
 ) 
   
 8,518 
   
   
 (7,575 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
 $ 
 427,574 
   
 $ 
 297,776 
   
 $ 
 240,898 
   
 $ 
 (538,674 
 ) 
 $ 
 427,574 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  116 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  21. SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows for Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2014   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Parent  
   
 Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Non-Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Eliminations  
   
 Consolidated  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
   
 $ 
 459,748 
   
 $ 
 (371,978 
 ) 
 $ 
 1,128,906 
   
 $ 
 (216 
 ) 
   
 1,216,460 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Purchases of property and equipment, net of proceeds from disposal 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (194,878 
 ) 
   
 (319,540 
 ) 
   
 (585 
 ) 
   
 (515,003 
 ) 
 
 
   Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,949 
 ) 
   
 (235,082 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (238,031 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from divestitures of business, net of cash held in divested business 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,599 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,599 
   
 
 
   Investing cash flows from (to) affiliates 
   
   
 35,262 
   
   
 (506,382 
 ) 
   
 (1,744,370 
 ) 
   
 2,215,490 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other investing activities, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (5,342 
 ) 
   
 (30,155 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (35,497 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
   
   
 35,262 
   
   
 (709,551 
 ) 
   
 (2,324,548 
 ) 
   
 2,214,905 
   
   
 (783,932 
 ) 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Proceeds from bank borrowings and long-term debt 
   
   
 1,066,359 
   
   
 277 
   
   
 17 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,066,653 
   
 
 
   Repayments of bank borrowings and long-term debt and capital lease obligations 
   
   
 (492,034 
 ) 
   
 (525 
 ) 
   
 (45,021 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (537,580 
 ) 
 
 
   Payments for early repurchase of long-term debt 
   
   
 (503,423 
 ) 
   
 (41,417 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
   
 (544,840 
 ) 
 
 
   Payments for repurchases of ordinary shares 
   
   
 (475,314 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (475,314 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options            
   
   
 28,140 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 28,140 
   
 
 
   Financing cash flows from (to) affiliates            
   
   
 (277,595 
 ) 
   
 1,067,746 
   
   
 1,424,537 
   
   
 (2,214,688 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other financing activities, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 52,149 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 52,149 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
   
   
 (653,867 
 ) 
   
 1,026,081 
   
   
 1,431,682 
   
   
 (2,214,688 
 ) 
   
 (410,792 
 ) 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 57,055 
   
   
 3,048 
   
   
 (75,198 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (15,095 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 (101,801 
 ) 
   
 (52,400 
 ) 
   
 160,842 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6,641 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
   
   
 740,515 
   
   
 82,900 
   
   
 763,672 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,587,087 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
   
 $ 
 638,714 
   
 $ 
 30,500 
   
 $ 
 924,514 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 1,593,728 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  117 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


  21. SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows for Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2013   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Parent  
   
 Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Non-Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Eliminations  
   
 Consolidated  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
   
 $ 
 836,833 
   
 $ 
 588,298 
   
 $ 
 (309,276 
 ) 
 $ 
 (425 
 ) 
 $ 
 1,115,430 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Purchases of property and equipment, net of proceeds from disposal 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (134,819 
 ) 
   
 (300,750 
 ) 
   
 241 
   
   
 (435,328 
 ) 
 
 
   Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (20,150 
 ) 
   
 (163,947 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (184,097 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from divestitures of business, net of cash held in divested business 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 22,585 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 22,585 
   
 
 
   Investing cash flows from (to) affiliates 
   
   
 (1,228,776 
 ) 
   
 (134,715 
 ) 
   
 3,168,999 
   
   
 (1,805,508 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other investing activities, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6,412 
   
   
 (106,771 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (100,359 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
   
   
 (1,228,776 
 ) 
   
 (283,272 
 ) 
   
 2,620,116 
   
   
 (1,805,267 
 ) 
   
 (697,199 
 ) 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Proceeds from bank borrowings and long-term debt 
   
   
 1,250,000 
   
   
 150 
   
   
 63 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,250,213 
   
 
 
   Repayments of bank borrowings and long-term debt and capital lease obligations 
   
   
 (379,399 
 ) 
   
 (3,875 
 ) 
   
 (8,585 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (391,859 
 ) 
 
 
   Payments for early repurchase of long-term debt 
   
   
 (756,855 
 ) 
   
 (243,145 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
   
 (1,000,000 
 ) 
 
 
   Payments for repurchases of ordinary shares 
   
   
 (322,040 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (322,040 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
   
   
 22,257 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 22,257 
   
 
 
   Financing cash flows from (to) affiliates 
   
   
 693,185 
   
   
 (18,006 
 ) 
   
 (2,480,871 
 ) 
   
 1,805,692 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other financing activities, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 101,851 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 101,851 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
   
   
 507,148 
   
   
 (264,876 
 ) 
   
 (2,387,542 
 ) 
   
 1,805,692 
   
   
 (339,578 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 (23,942 
 ) 
   
 (5,115 
 ) 
   
 19,162 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (9,895 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 91,263 
   
   
 35,035 
   
   
 (57,540 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 68,758 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
   
   
 649,252 
   
   
 47,865 
   
   
 821,212 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,518,329 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
   
 $ 
 740,515 
   
 $ 
 82,900 
   
 $ 
 763,672 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 1,587,087 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  118 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   


  21. SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows for Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2012   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Parent  
   
 Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Non-Guarantor 
Subsidiaries  
   
 Eliminations  
   
 Consolidated  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
   
 $ 
 399,896 
   
 $ 
 (190,136 
 ) 
 $ 
 594,630 
   
 $ 
 (122 
 ) 
   
 804,268 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Purchases of property and equipment, net of proceeds from disposal 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (67,425 
 ) 
   
 (320,300 
 ) 
   
 (279 
 ) 
   
 (388,004 
 ) 
 
 
   Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (70,831 
 ) 
   
 (21,426 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (92,257 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from divestitures of operations, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,398 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,398 
   
 
 
   Investing cash flows from (to) affiliates 
   
   
 376,349 
   
   
 294,368 
   
   
 1,029,085 
   
   
 (1,699,802 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other investing activities 
   
   
 (1,500 
 ) 
   
 4,626 
   
   
 (5,627 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,501 
 ) 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities           
   
   
 374,849 
   
   
 160,738 
   
   
 683,130 
   
   
 (1,700,081 
 ) 
   
 (481,364 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Proceeds from bank borrowings and long-term debt           
   
   
 2,827,875 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,829 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,833,704 
   
 
 
   Repayments of bank borrowings and long-term debt           
   
   
 (2,383,596 
 ) 
   
 (3,503 
 ) 
   
 (2,022 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,389,121 
 ) 
 
 
   Payments for early repurchase of long-term debt 
   
   
 (480,000 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (480,000 
 ) 
 
 
   Payments for repurchases of ordinary shares 
   
   
 (509,800 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (509,800 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
   
   
 23,055 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 23,055 
   
 
 
   Financing cash flows from (to) affiliates 
   
   
 (112,398 
 ) 
   
 16,789 
   
   
 (1,604,594 
 ) 
   
 1,700,203 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities           
   
   
 (634,864 
 ) 
   
 13,286 
   
   
 (1,600,787 
 ) 
   
 1,700,203 
   
   
 (522,162 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Effect of exchange rates on cash 
   
   
 (55,416 
 ) 
   
 (2,877 
 ) 
   
 27,409 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (30,884 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 84,465 
   
   
 (18,989 
 ) 
   
 (295,618 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (230,142 
 ) 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
   
   
 564,787 
   
   
 66,854 
   
   
 1,116,830 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,748,471 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
   
 $ 
 649,252 
   
 $ 
 47,865 
   
 $ 
 821,212 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 1,518,329 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  119 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  22. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)   

 
        The following table contains unaudited quarterly financial data for fiscal years 2014 and 2013. Earnings per share are computed independently for each quarter presented; therefore, the
sum of the quarterly earnings per share may not equal the total earnings per share amounts for the fiscal year.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2014  
   
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 First  
   
 Second  
   
 Third  
   
 Fourth  
   
 First  
   
 Second  
   
 Third  
   
 Fourth  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
   
 
 
   Net sales(1) 
   
 $ 
 5,791,125 
   
 $ 
 6,410,106 
   
 $ 
 7,183,442 
   
 $ 
 6,723,934 
   
 $ 
 5,975,995 
   
 $ 
 6,174,841 
   
 $ 
 6,123,321 
   
 $ 
 5,295,318 
   
 
 
   Gross profit(1) 
   
   
 311,035 
   
   
 368,423 
   
   
 398,619 
   
   
 362,144 
   
   
 357,357 
   
   
 366,772 
   
   
 246,462 
   
   
 195,657 
   
 
 
   Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of taxes 
   
   
 59,257 
   
   
 118,205 
   
   
 145,157 
   
   
 42,975 
   
   
 136,769 
   
   
 160,453 
   
   
 54,596 
   
   
 (49,316 
 ) 
 
 
   Loss from discontinued operations, net of taxes 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (8,297 
 ) 
   
 (9,906 
 ) 
   
 (7,248 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
   
 59,257 
   
   
 118,205 
   
   
 145,157 
   
   
 42,975 
   
   
 128,472 
   
   
 150,547 
   
   
 47,348 
   
   
 (49,316 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Earnings (loss) per share: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Income (loss) from continuing operations: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 0.09 
   
 $ 
 0.19 
   
 $ 
 0.24 
   
 $ 
 0.07 
   
 $ 
 0.20 
   
 $ 
 0.24 
   
 $ 
 0.08 
   
 $ 
 (0.08 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 0.09 
   
 $ 
 0.19 
   
 $ 
 0.23 
   
 $ 
 0.07 
   
 $ 
 0.20 
   
 $ 
 0.24 
   
 $ 
 0.08 
   
 $ 
 (0.08 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Loss from discontinued operations: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 (0.01 
 ) 
 $ 
 (0.01 
 ) 
 $ 
 (0.01 
 ) 
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 (0.01 
 ) 
 $ 
 (0.01 
 ) 
 $ 
 (0.01 
 ) 
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income (loss): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 0.09 
   
 $ 
 0.19 
   
 $ 
 0.24 
   
 $ 
 0.07 
   
 $ 
 0.19 
   
 $ 
 0.23 
   
 $ 
 0.07 
   
 $ 
 (0.08 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 0.09 
   
 $ 
 0.19 
   
 $ 
 0.23 
   
 $ 
 0.07 
   
 $ 
 0.19 
   
 $ 
 0.22 
   
 $ 
 0.07 
   
 $ 
 (0.08 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) As
discussed in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements, "Discontinued Operations", during fiscal 2013 the Company finalized the sale of two
of its non-core businesses, and is reporting the operating results of these non-core businesses as discontinued operations. Accordingly net sales and gross profit data above have been adjusted to
exclude net revenue and gross profit (loss) pertaining to these non-core businesses.  
  
          The
Company recorded restructuring charges during fiscal year 2014. The Company classified approximately $35.1 million and $23.5 million of these charges as a component of
cost of sales during the first and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2014, respectively, and approximately $5.6 million and $11.1 million of these charges as a component of selling, general
and administrative expenses during the first and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2014, respectively.  


         The
Company recorded restructuring charges during fiscal year 2013. The Company classified approximately $98.3 million and $117.5 million of these charges as a component of
cost of sales during the third and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2013, respectively, and approximately $4.4 million and $7.2 million of these charges as a component of selling, general
and administrative expenses during the third and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2013, respectively.  

         The
Company recognized a $23.0 million gain as a component of other charges (income), net in the three-month period ended September 28, 2012 for the cumulative fair value
adjustment of the Company's warrants to purchase common shares of a supplier. These fully-vested warrants, which are derivative instruments, are to be fair valued at each reporting date with gains or
losses from changes in  

 120 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

  22. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) (Continued)  

 fair
value recognized in the statements of operations. The gain from changes in fair value recognized in the three-month period ended September 28, 2012 includes an out-of-period adjustment of
$12.8 million and for the year ended March 31, 2013 includes an out-of-period adjustment of $5.7 million. Management believes the impact of the error is not material to current or
prior fiscal periods.  

         During
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013, the Company recognized an income tax benefit of $9.3 million that related to prior fiscal years, of which $6.1 million related to
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012 and $3.2 million related to years prior to fiscal 2012. Management believes the impact of this error is not material to any of the periods.  

 121 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       ITEM 9.     CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 


         Not
applicable.   

   
       ITEM 9A.     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 

  (a)    Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

 

         Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, the Company has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of March 31,
2014. Based on that evaluation, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of March 31, 2014, such disclosure controls and procedures were effective in
ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is (i) recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

 

  (b)    Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

 

         Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. As of March 31, 2014, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Company's
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, an evaluation was conducted of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in    Internal Control—Integrated
Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Based
on that evaluation, management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2014.  

         Because
of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect misstatements or prevent or
detect instances of fraud. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.
Additionally, controls may be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.  

         Management's
annual assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2014 excluded the internal control over financial reporting of
certain manufacturing operations acquired from Google's Motorola Mobility LLC and Riwisa AG, which constitutes, in aggregate, 10.9% of total assets and 11.6% of net sales of the consolidated
financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014.  

 

  (c)    Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm   

 

         The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2014 has been audited by
Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in this Item under the heading "Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm."  

 122 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

  (d)    Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

 

         On April 16, 2013, we completed the acquisition of certain manufacturing operations from Google's Motorola Mobility LLC,
and on November 4, 2013, we completed the acquisition of Riwisa AG, at which time each respectively became a subsidiary of the Company. See note 17 to the consolidated financial
statements for additional information. Other than these business acquisitions, there were no changes in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended
March 31, 2014 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal controls over financial reporting.  

 123 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM          

 To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
Flextronics International Ltd. 
Singapore  

         We
have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Flextronics International Ltd. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of March 31, 2014, based on criteria
established in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
As described in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Google's Motorola
Mobility LLC, which was acquired on April 16, 2013 and Riwisa AG, which was acquired on November 4, 2013, whose financial statements in aggregate constitute 10.9% of total assets
and 11.6% of net sales of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended March 31, 2014.
Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at Google's Motorola Mobility LLC and Riwisa AG. The Company's management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  


         We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  


         A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company's principal executive and principal financial officers, or
persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company's board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  

         Because
of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material
misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to
future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

         In
our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2014, based on the criteria established in    Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  

         We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year
ended March 31, 2014 of the Company and our report dated May 20, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.  

 /s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 

 San
Jose, California 
May 20, 2014  

 124 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       ITEM 9B.     OTHER INFORMATION          

         Not applicable.  

   
   
   PART III          


   
       ITEM 10.     DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE          

         Information with respect to this item may be found in our definitive proxy statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with
our 2014 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is incorporated by reference.   

   
       ITEM 11.     EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION          


         Information with respect to this item may be found in our definitive proxy statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with
our 2014 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is incorporated by reference.   

   
       ITEM 12.     SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS          


         Information with respect to this item may be found in our definitive proxy statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with
our 2014 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is incorporated by reference.   

   
       ITEM 13.     CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE          


         Information with respect to this item may be found in our definitive proxy statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with
our 2014 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is incorporated by reference.   

   
       ITEM 14.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES          

         Information with respect to this item may be found in our definitive proxy statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with
our 2014 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is incorporated by reference.  

 125 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART IV          


   
       ITEM 15.     EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES          

         (a)   Documents
filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K:  

 

         1.     Financial Statements.     See Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data."  


         2.     Financial Statement Schedules.     "Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts" is included
in the financial statements, see Concentration of Credit Risk in Note 2, "Summary of Accounting Policies" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, "Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data."  

         3.     Exhibits.     The following exhibits are filed with this annual report on Form 10-K:  

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Filing Date  
 
 
   
 3.01 
   
 Memorandum of Association, as amended 
   
 10-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 05-29-07 
   
 3.01 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 3.02 
   
 Amended and Restated Articles of Association of Flextronics International Ltd. 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 10-11-06 
   
 3.01 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 4.01 
   
 Indenture, dated as of February 20, 2013, by and between the Company, the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-22-13 
   
 4.01 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 4.02 
   
 Form of 4.625% Note due 2020 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-22-13 
   
 4.02 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 4.03 
   
 Form of 5.000% Note due 2023 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-22-13 
   
 4.03 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 4.04 
   
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2013, by and between the Company, the Guarantors named therein, and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Citigroup Global
Markets Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the initial purchasers named therein 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-22-13 
   
 4.04 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  126 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Filing Date  
 
 
   
 4.05 
   
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 28, 2013, among the Company, the Guarantor party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of February 20, 2013, by and
between the Company, the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, related to the Company's 4.625% Notes due 2020 and 5.000% Notes due 2023 
   
 10-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 05-28-2013 
   
 4.11 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 4.06 
   
 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2013, among Flextronics International Ltd., as Borrower, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., as Administrative Agent, Lead Arranger and Bookrunner, and the
other Lenders party thereto 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 09-04-13 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 4.07 
   
 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2014, among Flextronics International Ltd. and certain of its subsidiaries, as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Swing Line Lender, and the
other Lenders party thereto 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 04- 01-14 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.01 
   
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its Directors and certain officers.† 
   
 10-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 05-20-09 
   
 10.1 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.02 
   
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Flextronics Corporation and Directors and certain officers of the Registrant.† 
   
 10-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 05-20-09 
   
 10.2 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.03 
   
 Registrant's 1993 Share Option Plan, as amended.† 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-14-09 
   
 10.04 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.04 
   
 Registrant's 1998 Interim Stock Plan.† 
   
 S-8 
   
 333-71049 
   
 01-22-99 
   
 4.5 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.05 
   
 Registrant's 1999 Interim Stock Plan.† 
   
 S-8 
   
 333-71049 
   
 01-22-99 
   
 4.6 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.06 
   
 Flextronics International Ltd. 2001 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended.† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 11-03-09 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.07 
   
 Registrant's 2002 Interim Incentive Plan, as amended.† 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-14-09 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  127 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Filing Date  
 
 
   
 10.08 
   
 Flextronics International USA, Inc. 401(k) Plan.† 
   
 S-1 
   
 33-74622 
   
 01-31-94 
   
 10.52 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.09 
   
 Registrant's 2004 Award Plan for New Employees, as amended.† 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-14-09 
   
 10.09 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.10 
   
 Flextronics International Ltd. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan.† 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-28-10 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.11 
   
 Form of Share Option Award Agreement under 2010 Equity Incentive Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-05-10 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.12 
   
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under 2010 Equity Incentive Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-05-10 
   
 10.03 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.13 
   
 Form of Share Bonus Award Agreement under 2001 Equity Incentive Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-05-10 
   
 10.04 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.14 
   
 Flextronics International USA, Inc. Third Amended and Restated 2005 Senior Management Deferred Compensation Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-05-09 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.15 
   
 Flextronics International USA, Inc. Third Amended and Restated Senior Executive Deferred Compensation Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-05-09 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.16 
   
 Summary of Directors' Compensation† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-30-12 
   
 10.06 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.17 
   
 Solectron Corporation 2002 Stock Plan, as amended.† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 11-03-09 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.18 
   
 Award Agreement for Francois Barbier under Senior Management Deferred Compensation Plan, dated July 22, 2005.† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-05-10 
   
 10.08 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.19 
   
 Award Agreement for Werner Widmann Deferred Compensation Plan, dated as of July 22, 2005.† 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-07-06 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.20 
   
 Addendum to Award Agreement for Werner Widmann Deferred Compensation Plan, dated as of June 30, 2006.† 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-07-06 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.21 
   
 Description of Annual Incentive Bonus Plan for Fiscal 2014† 
   
 10-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 05-28-13 
   
 10.24 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.22 
   
 Executive Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-05-10 
   
 10.06 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  128 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Filing Date  
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.23 
   
 Francois Barbier Offer Letter, dated as of July 1, 2010† 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 09-03-10 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.24 
   
 Francois Barbier Relocation Expenses Addendum, dated as of March 5, 2013† 
   
 10-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 05-28-13 
   
 10.27 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.25 
   
 Francois Barbier Confirmation Date Letter, dated as of August 30, 2010† 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 09-03-10 
   
 10.03 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.26 
   
 2010 Flextronics International USA, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 11-03-10 
   
 10.04 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.27 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Under 2010 Equity Incentive Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-09-11 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.28 
   
 Form of Amendment to certain senior executive Share Bonus Award Agreements under the 2001 Equity Incentive Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-04-13 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.29 
   
 Form of Amendment to certain senior executive Restricted Share Unit Agreements under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-04-13 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.30 
   
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan for certain performance based awards† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-04-13 
   
 10.03 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.31 
   
 Form of Award Agreement under 2010 Deferred Compensation Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-30-12 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.32 
   
 Compensation Arrangements of Certain Executive Officers of Flextronics International Ltd.† 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.33 
   
 Award Agreement for Christopher Collier under Senior Management Deferred Compensation Plan dated June 30, 2005† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-08-07 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.34 
   
 Award Agreement for Paul Humphries under Senior Management Deferred Compensation Plan dated June 30, 2005† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-30-12 
   
 10.04 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.35 
   
 Jonathan Hoak Offer Letter dated December 8, 2010† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-30-12 
   
 10.05 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  129 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Filing Date  
 
 
   
 10.36 
   
 Separation Agreement between Flextronics International USA, Inc. and Eslie C. Sykes dated November 26, 2012† 
   
 10-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 05-28-13 
   
 10.39 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.37 
   
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan for time-based vesting awards† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 11-01-13 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.38 
   
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award (S&P500/Extended EMS Group)† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-02-13 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.39 
   
 Form of 2010 Deferred Compensation Plan Award Agreement (performance targets, cliff vesting)† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-02-13 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.40 
   
 Form of 2010 Deferred Compensation Plan Award Agreement (non-performance, periodic vesting, continuing Participant)† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-02-13 
   
 10.03 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.41 
   
 Separation Agreement between Mr. Paul Read and Flextronics International USA, Inc., effective as of June 12, 2013† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-02-13 
   
 10.04 
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 21.01 
   
 Subsidiaries of Registrant. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 23.01 
   
 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 24.01 
   
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page to this Form 10-K) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 31.01 
   
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 31.02 
   
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 32.01* 
   
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 32.02* 
   
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  130 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Filing Date  
 
 
   
 101.INS 
   
 XBRL Instance Document 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 101.SCH 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Scheme Document 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 101.CAL 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 101.DEF 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 101.LAB 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 101.PRE 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 * This
exhibit is furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is not
incorporated by reference into any filing of Flextronics International Ltd. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before
or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.
 † Management
contract, compensatory plan or arrangement.   
  
  131 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
   SIGNATURES          


         Pursuant to the requirement of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
  Flextronics International Ltd. 
 
 
 
  
   
   By: 
   
 /s/ MICHAEL M. MCNAMARA 


 

    Michael M. McNamara   Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
  
  Date:
May 20, 2014  

   
   
   POWER OF ATTORNEY          

         KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints jointly and severally,
Michael M. McNamara and Christopher Collier and each one of them, his attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this
Report, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said
attorneys-in-fact, or his substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.  

         Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Signature  
   
 Title  
   
 Date  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL M. MCNAMARA 


 

    Michael M. McNamara 
   
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
(Principal Executive Officer) 
   
 May 20, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ CHRISTOPHER COLLIER 


 

    Christopher Collier 
   
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 
   
 May 20, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ DAVID BENNETT 


 

    David Bennett 
   
 Vice President, Finance 
(Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
 May 20, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ H. RAYMOND BINGHAM 


 

    H. Raymond Bingham 
   
 Chairman of the Board 
   
 May 20, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL D. CAPELLAS 



 

    Michael D. Capellas 
   
 Director 
   
 May 20, 2014 
 
 
 
  
  132 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Signature  
   
 Title  
   
 Date  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 /s/ MARC A. ONETTO 


 

    Marc A. Onetto 
   
 Director 
   
 May 20, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ DANIEL H. SCHULMAN 


 

    Daniel H. Schulman 
   
 Director 
   
 May 20, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ WILLY SHIH, PH.D. 


 

    Willy Shih, Ph.D. 
   
 Director 
   
 May 20, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ LAY KOON TAN 



 

    Lay Koon Tan 
   
 Director 
   
 May 20, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ WILLIAM D. WATKINS 


 

    William D. Watkins 
   
 Director 
   
 May 20, 2014 
 
 
 /s/ LAWRENCE A. ZIMMERMAN 


 

    Lawrence A. Zimmerman 
   
 Director 
   
 May 20, 2014 
 
 
 
  
  133 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
   EXHIBIT INDEX          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Filing Date  
 
 
   
 3.01 
   
 Memorandum of Association, as amended 
   
 10-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 05-29-07 
   
 3.01 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 3.02 
   
 Amended and Restated Articles of Association of Flextronics International Ltd. 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 10-11-06 
   
 3.01 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 4.01 
   
 Indenture, dated as of February 20, 2013, by and between the Company, the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-22-13 
   
 4.01 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 4.02 
   
 Form of 4.625% Note due 2020 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-22-13 
   
 4.02 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 4.03 
   
 Form of 5.000% Note due 2023 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-22-13 
   
 4.03 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 4.04 
   
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2013, by and between the Company, the Guarantors named therein, and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Citigroup Global
Markets Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the initial purchasers named therein 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-22-13 
   
 4.04 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 4.05 
   
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 28, 2013, among the Company, the Guarantor party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of February 20, 2013, by and
between the Company, the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, related to the Company's 4.625% Notes due 2020 and 5.000% Notes due 2023 
   
 10-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 05-28-2013 
   
 4.11 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 4.06 
   
 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2013, among Flextronics International Ltd., as Borrower, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., as Administrative Agent, Lead Arranger and Bookrunner, and the
other Lenders party thereto 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 09-04-13 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 4.07 
   
 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2014, among Flextronics International Ltd. and certain of its subsidiaries, as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Swing Line Lender, and the
other Lenders party thereto 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 04-01-14 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  134 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Filing Date  
 
 
   
 10.01 
   
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its Directors and certain officers.† 
   
 10-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 05-20-09 
   
 10.1 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.02 
   
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Flextronics Corporation and Directors and certain officers of the Registrant.† 
   
 10-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 05-20-09 
   
 10.2 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.03 
   
 Registrant's 1993 Share Option Plan, as amended.† 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-14-09 
   
 10.04 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.04 
   
 Registrant's 1998 Interim Stock Plan.† 
   
 S-8 
   
 333-71049 
   
 01-22-99 
   
 4.5 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.05 
   
 Registrant's 1999 Interim Stock Plan.† 
   
 S-8 
   
 333-71049 
   
 01-22-99 
   
 4.6 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.06 
   
 Flextronics International Ltd. 2001 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended.† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 11-03-09 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.07 
   
 Registrant's 2002 Interim Incentive Plan, as amended.† 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-14-09 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.08 
   
 Flextronics International USA, Inc. 401(k) Plan.† 
   
 S-1 
   
 33-74622 
   
 01-31-94 
   
 10.52 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.09 
   
 Registrant's 2004 Award Plan for New Employees, as amended.† 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-14-09 
   
 10.09 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.10 
   
 Flextronics International Ltd. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan.† 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-28-10 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.11 
   
 Form of Share Option Award Agreement under 2010 Equity Incentive Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-05-10 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.12 
   
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under 2010 Equity Incentive Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-05-10 
   
 10.03 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.13 
   
 Form of Share Bonus Award Agreement under 2001 Equity Incentive Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-05-10 
   
 10.04 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.14 
   
 Flextronics International USA, Inc. Third Amended and Restated 2005 Senior Management Deferred Compensation Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-05-09 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.15 
   
 Flextronics International USA, Inc. Third Amended and Restated Senior Executive Deferred Compensation Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-05-09 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.16 
   
 Summary of Directors' Compensation† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-30-12 
   
 10.06 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.17 
   
 Solectron Corporation 2002 Stock Plan, as amended.† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 11-03-09 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.18 
   
 Award Agreement for Francois Barbier under Senior Management Deferred Compensation Plan, dated July 22, 2005.† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-05-10 
   
 10.08 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  135 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Filing Date  
 
 
   
 10.19 
   
 Award Agreement for Werner Widmann Deferred Compensation Plan, dated as of July 22, 2005.† 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-07-06 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.20 
   
 Addendum to Award Agreement for Werner Widmann Deferred Compensation Plan, dated as of June 30, 2006.† 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-07-06 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.21 
   
 Description of Annual Incentive Bonus Plan for Fiscal 2014† 
   
 10-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 05-28-13 
   
 10.24 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.22 
   
 Executive Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-05-10 
   
 10.06 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.23 
   
 Francois Barbier Offer Letter, dated as of July 1, 2010† 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 09-03-10 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.24 
   
 Francois Barbier Relocation Expenses Addendum, dated as of March 5, 2013† 
   
 10-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 05-28-13 
   
 10.27 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.25 
   
 Francois Barbier Confirmation Date Letter, dated as of August 30, 2010† 
   
 8-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 09-03-10 
   
 10.03 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.26 
   
 2010 Flextronics International USA, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 11-03-10 
   
 10.04 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.27 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Under 2010 Equity Incentive Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-09-11 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.28 
   
 Form of Amendment to certain senior executive Share Bonus Award Agreements under the 2001 Equity Incentive Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-04-13 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.29 
   
 Form of Amendment to certain senior executive Restricted Share Unit Agreements under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-04-13 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.30 
   
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan for certain performance based awards† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 02-04-13 
   
 10.03 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.31 
   
 Form of Award Agreement under 2010 Deferred Compensation Plan† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-30-12 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.32 
   
 Compensation Arrangements of Certain Executive Officers of Flextronics International Ltd.† 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.33 
   
 Award Agreement for Christopher Collier under Senior Management Deferred Compensation Plan dated June 30, 2005† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-08-07 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.34 
   
 Award Agreement for Paul Humphries under Senior Management Deferred Compensation Plan dated June 30, 2005† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-30-12 
   
 10.04 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  136 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Filing Date  
 
 
   
 10.35 
   
 Jonathan Hoak Offer Letter dated December 8, 2010† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 07-30-12 
   
 10.05 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.36 
   
 Separation Agreement between Flextronics International USA, Inc. and Eslie C. Sykes dated November 26, 2012† 
   
 10-K 
   
 000-23354 
   
 05-28-13 
   
 10.39 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.37 
   
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan for time-based vesting awards† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 11-01-13 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.38 
   
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award (S&P500/Extended EMS Group)† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-02-13 
   
 10.01 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.39 
   
 Form of 2010 Deferred Compensation Plan Award Agreement (performance targets, cliff vesting)† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-02-13 
   
 10.02 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.40 
   
 Form of 2010 Deferred Compensation Plan Award Agreement (non-performance, periodic vesting, continuing Participant)† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-02-13 
   
 10.03 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 10.41 
   
 Separation Agreement between Mr. Paul Read and Flextronics International USA, Inc., effective as of June 12, 2013† 
   
 10-Q 
   
 000-23354 
   
 08-02-13 
   
 10.04 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 21.01 
   
 Subsidiaries of Registrant. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 23.01 
   
 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 24.01 
   
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page to this Form 10-K) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 31.01 
   
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 31.02 
   
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 32.01 
 * 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 32.02 
 * 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 101.INS 
   
 XBRL Instance Document 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 101.SCH 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Scheme Document 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 101.CAL 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  137 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Incorporated by Reference  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Filed 
Herewith  
 
 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Exhibit  
   
 Form  
   
 File No.  
   
 Filing Date  
 
 
   
 101.DEF 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 101.LAB 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 101.PRE 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 X 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 * This
exhibit is furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is not
incorporated by reference into any filing of Flextronics International Ltd. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before
or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.
 † Management
contract, compensatory plan or arrangement.   
  
  138 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
