
 10-K
 1
 a15-23486_110k.htm
 10-K
 


 
 




   
 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 
   
 
   
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
 FORM 10-K 
   
 (Mark One) 
 x        ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
   
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
 or 
   
 o           TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
   
 For the transition period from                  to                   
 Commission file number 1-10879 
   
 
   
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
   
 
 
 
 
 Delaware    (State of Incorporation)      
 
        
 
 22-2785165    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)             
 
   
 358 Hall Avenue, Wallingford, Connecticut 06492 
 203-265-8900 
   
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
   
 
 
 
 
 Class A Common Stock, $.001 par value      
 
        
 
 New York Stock Exchange          
 
 
 (Title of each class)      
 
        
 
 (Name of each exchange   on which registered)             
 
   
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None 
   
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes  x   No  o 
   
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  Yes  o   No  x 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  x   No  o 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes  x   No  o 
   
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.   x 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 
   
 
 
 
 
 Large accelerated filer    x      
 
        
 
 Accelerated filer  o          
 
 
 Non-accelerated filer  o      
 
        
 
 Smaller reporting   company  o             
 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes  o  No  x 
   
 The aggregate market value of Amphenol Corporation Class A Common Stock, $.001 par value, held by non-affiliates was approximately $15,287 million based on the reported last sale price of such stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2015. 
   
 As of January 31, 2016, the total number of shares outstanding of Registrant’s Class A Common Stock was 308,038,077. 
   
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
   
 Portions of the Registrant’s definitive proxy statement, which is expected to be filed within 120 days following the end of the fiscal year covered by this report, are incorporated by reference into Part III hereof. 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 
 
 
 INDEX      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 Page          
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 PART I      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
 Item 1.      
 
 Business      
 
        
 
 2          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 General      
 
        
 
 2          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Our Strategy      
 
        
 
 3          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Markets      
 
        
 
 4          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Customers and Geographies      
 
        
 
 6          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Manufacturing      
 
        
 
 6          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Research and Development      
 
        
 
 7          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Intellectual Property      
 
        
 
 7          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Raw Materials      
 
        
 
 8          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Competition      
 
        
 
 8          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Backlog      
 
        
 
 8          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Employees      
 
        
 
 8          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Environmental Matters      
 
        
 
 8          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Other      
 
        
 
 8          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Cautionary Information for Purposes of Forward Looking   Statements      
 
        
 
 8          
 
 
        
 
 Item 1A.      
 
 Risk Factors      
 
        
 
 9          
 
 
        
 
 Item 1B.      
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments      
 
        
 
 12          
 
 
        
 
 Item 2.      
 
 Properties      
 
        
 
 12          
 
 
        
 
 Item 3.      
 
 Legal Proceedings      
 
        
 
 12          
 
 
        
 
 Item 4.      
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures      
 
        
 
 12          
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 PART II      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
 Item 5.      
 
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters   and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities      
 
        
 
 13          
 
 
        
 
 Item 6.      
 
 Selected Financial Data      
 
        
 
 15          
 
 
        
 
 Item 7.      
 
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and   Results of Operations      
 
        
 
 16          
 
 
        
 
 Item 7A.      
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk      
 
        
 
 26          
 
 
        
 
 Item 8.      
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data      
 
        
 
 27          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting   Firm      
 
        
 
 27          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income      
 
        
 
 28          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income      
 
        
 
 29          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets      
 
        
 
 30          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity      
 
        
 
 31          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow      
 
        
 
 32          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
        
 
 33          
 
 
        
 
 Item 9.      
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and   Financial Disclosure      
 
        
 
 54          
 
 
        
 
 Item 9A.      
 
 Controls and Procedures      
 
        
 
 54          
 
 
        
 
 Item 9B.      
 
 Other Information      
 
        
 
 54          
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 PART III      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 55          
 
 
        
 
 Item 10.      
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance      
 
        
 
 55          
 
 
        
 
 Item 11.      
 
 Executive Compensation      
 
        
 
 55          
 
 
        
 
 Item 12.      
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and   Related Stockholder Matters      
 
        
 
 55          
 
 
        
 
 Item 13.      
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director   Independence      
 
        
 
 55          
 
 
        
 
 Item 14.      
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services      
 
        
 
 55          
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 PART IV      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
 Item 15.      
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules      
 
        
 
 56          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Signature of the Registrant      
 
        
 
 58          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Signatures of the Directors      
 
        
 
 58             
   
 1 
 
 
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 PART I 
   
 Item 1. Business 
   
 General 
   
 Amphenol Corporation (together with its subsidiaries, “Amphenol” or the “Company”) is one of the world’s largest designers, manufacturers and marketers of electrical, electronic and fiber optic connectors, interconnect systems, antennas, sensors and sensor-based products and coaxial and high-speed specialty cable. The Company estimates, based on reports of industry analysts, that the worldwide sales of interconnect and sensor-related products were approximately $130 billion in 2015. 
   
 The Company was incorporated in 1987. Certain predecessor businesses, which now constitute part of the Company, have been in business since 1932. 
   
 The Company’s strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The Company operates through two reporting segments: (i) Interconnect Products and Assemblies and (ii) Cable Products and Solutions.  The Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment primarily designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of connector and connector systems, value-add products and other products, including antennas and sensors, used in a broad range of applications in a diverse set of end markets.  Interconnect products include connectors, which when attached to an electrical, electronic or fiber optic cable, a printed circuit board or other device, facilitate transmission of power or signal.  Value-add systems generally consist of a system of cable, flexible circuits or printed circuit boards and connectors for linking electronic equipment.  The Cable Products and Solutions segment primarily designs, manufactures and markets cable, value-added products and components for use primarily in the broadband communications and information technology markets as well as certain applications in other markets. 
   
 The table below provides a summary of our reporting segments, the 2015 net sales contribution of each segment, the primary industry and end markets that we service and our key products: 
   
 
 
 
 
 Reporting Segment      
 
        
 
 Interconnect Products and Assemblies      
 
        
 
 Cable Products and Solutions          
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 % of 2015 Net Sales:      
 
        
 
 94%      
 
        
 
 6%          
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Primary End Markets      
 
        
 
 ·                    Automotive 
 ·                    Broadband   Communications 
 ·                    Commercial   Aerospace 
 ·                    Industrial 
 ·                    Information   Technology and Data Communications 
 ·                    Military 
 ·                    Mobile   Devices 
 ·                    Mobile   Networks      
 
        
 
 ·                    Automotive 
 ·                    Broadband   Communications 
 ·                    Industrial 
 ·                    Information   Technology and Data Communications 
 ·                    Mobile   Networks          
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Key Products      
 
        
 
 Connector and Connector Systems: 
 ·                    fiber   optic interconnect products 
 ·                    harsh   environment interconnect products 
 ·                    high speed   interconnect products 
 ·                    power   interconnect products, bus bars and distribution systems 
 ·                    radio frequency   interconnect products and antennas 
 ·                    other   connectors 
   
 Value-Add Products: 
 ·                    backplane   interconnect systems 
 ·                    cable   assemblies and harnesses 
 ·                      cable   management products 
   
 Other: 
 ·                      antennas 
 ·                      flexible and   rigid printed circuit boards 
 ·                      hinges 
 ·                      production-related   accessories 
 ·                      molded parts 
 ·                    sensors and sensor-based   products      
 
        
 
 Cable: 
 ·                    coaxial cable 
 ·                    power cable 
 ·                    specialty   cable 
   
 Value-Add Products: 
 ·                   cable   assemblies 
   
 Components: 
 ·                    combiner/splitter   products 
 ·                    connector and   connector systems 
 ·                    fiber optic   components          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 ·                    switches 
 ·                    touch panels   and lenses      
 
        
 
               
 
   
 2 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Information regarding our operations by reporting segment and the Company’s long-lived assets appears in Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
 Our Strategy 
   
 The Company’s overall strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control.  Specifically, our business strategy is as follows: 
   
 ·                    Pursue broad diversification  - The Company constantly drives to increase its diversity of markets, customers, applications and products.  Due to the tremendous variety of opportunities in the electronics industry, management believes that it is very important to ensure participation wherever significant growth opportunities are available.  This diversification positions us to proliferate our technologies across the broadest array of opportunities and reduces our exposure to any particular market, thereby reducing the variability of our financial performance.  An overview of the Company’s market and product participation is described under “Markets”. 
   
 ·                    Develop performance-enhancing interconnect solutions  - The Company seeks to expand the scope and number of its preferred supplier relationships.  The Company works closely with its customers at the design stage to create and manufacture innovative solutions.  These products generally have higher value-added content than other interconnect products and have been developed across the Company’s markets.  The Company is focused on technology leadership in the interconnect areas of radio frequency, power, harsh environment, high-speed and fiber optics, as well as sensors, as it views these technology areas to be of particular importance to our global customer base. 
   
 ·                    Expand global presence  - The Company intends to further expand its global manufacturing, engineering, sales and service operations to better serve its existing customer base, penetrate developing markets and establish new customer relationships.  As the Company’s global customers expand their international operations to access developing world markets and lower manufacturing costs in certain regions, the Company is continuing to expand its international footprint in order to provide just-in-time capabilities to these customers.  The majority of the Company’s international operations have broad capabilities including new product development.  The Company is also able to take advantage of the lower manufacturing costs in some regions, and has established low-cost manufacturing and assembly facilities in the three major geographical markets of the Americas, Europe/Africa and Asia. 
   
 ·                    Control costs  - The Company recognizes the importance in today’s global marketplace of maintaining a competitive cost structure.  Innovation, product quality and comprehensive customer service are not mutually exclusive with controlling costs.  Controlling costs is part of a mindset.  It is having the discipline to invest in programs that have a good return, maintaining a cost structure as flexible as possible to respond to changes in the marketplace, dealing with suppliers and vendors in a fair but prudent way to ensure a reasonable cost for materials and services and creating a mindset of managers to manage the Company’s assets as if they were their own. 
   
 ·                    Pursue strategic acquisitions and investments  - The Company believes that the interconnect and sensor industry is highly fragmented and continues to provide significant opportunities for strategic acquisitions.  Accordingly, we continue to pursue acquisitions of high-growth potential companies with strong management teams that complement our existing business while further expanding our product lines, technological capabilities and geographic presence.  Furthermore, we seek to enhance the performance of acquired companies by leveraging Amphenol’s business strategy and access to low-cost manufacturing around the world.  In 2015, the Company invested approximately $200 million primarily in three separate acquisitions in the automotive, military, commercial aerospace and industrial markets, which broadened and enhanced the Company’s customer base and product offerings in these markets.  In addition, in January 2016, the Company completed the acquisition of FCI Asia Pte Ltd (“FCI”) for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $1,179 million, net of cash acquired (subject to closing adjustments), which further strengthened our customer base and product offerings in the information technology and data communications, industrial, mobile networks, automotive and mobile devices markets. 
   
 ·                    Foster collaborative, entrepreneurial management  - Amphenol’s management system is designed to provide clear income statement and balance sheet responsibility in a flat organizational structure.  Each general manager is incented to grow and develop his or her business and to think entrepreneurially in providing innovative, timely and cost-effective solutions to customer needs.  In addition, Amphenol’s general managers have access to the resources of the larger organization and are encouraged to work collaboratively with other general managers to meet the needs of the expanding marketplace and to achieve common goals. 
   
 3 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Markets 
   
 The Company sells products to customers in a diversified set of end markets. 
   
 Automotive  - Amphenol is a leading supplier of advanced interconnect systems and sensors for a growing array of automotive applications.  In addition, Amphenol has developed advanced technology solutions for hybrid-electric vehicles and is working with leading global customers to proliferate these advanced interconnect products into next-generation automobiles.  Sales into the automotive market represented approximately 18% of the Company’s net sales in 2015 with sales into the following primary end applications: 
   
 ·                    engine management and control 
 ·                    exhaust monitoring and cleaning 
 ·                    hybrid-electric vehicles 
 ·                    infotainment and communications 
 ·                    lighting 
 ·                    safety and security systems 
 ·                    telematics systems 
   
 Broadband Communications  - Amphenol is a world leader in broadband communication products for the cable, satellite and telco video and data networks, with industry-leading engineering, design and manufacturing expertise. The Company offers a wide range of products to service the broadband market, from customer premises cables and interconnect devices to distribution cable and fiber optic components, as well as interconnect products integrated into headend equipment.  Sales into the broadband communications market represented approximately 6% of the Company’s net sales in 2015 with sales into the following primary end applications: 
   
 ·                    cable modems 
 ·                    cable, satellite and telco networks 
 ·                    high-speed internet hardware 
 ·                    network switching equipment 
 ·                    satellite interface devices 
 ·                    set top boxes 
   
 Commercial Aerospace  - Amphenol is a leading provider of high-performance interconnect systems and components to the commercial aerospace market.  In addition to connector and interconnect assembly products, the Company also provides rigid and flexible printed circuits as well as high technology cable management products.  All of Amphenol’s products are specifically designed to operate in the harsh environments of commercial aerospace while also providing substantial weight reduction, simplified installation and minimal maintenance procedures.  Sales into the commercial aerospace market represented approximately 6% of the Company’s net sales in 2015 with sales into the following primary end applications: 
   
 ·                    aircraft and airframe power distribution 
 ·                    avionics 
 ·                    controls and instrumentation 
 ·                    engines 
 ·                    in-flight entertainment 
 ·                    lighting and control systems 
 ·                    wire bundling and cable management 
   
 Industrial  - Amphenol is a technology leader in the design, manufacture and supply of high-performance interconnect systems, sensors and antennas for a broad range of industrial applications.  Amphenol’s core competencies include application-specific industrial interconnect solutions utilizing integrated assemblies, including with both cable and flexible printed circuits, as well as high-power interconnects requiring advanced engineering and system integration.  In particular, our innovative solutions facilitate the increasing demands of embedded computing and power distribution. Sales into the industrial market represented approximately 17% of the Company’s net sales in 2015 with sales into the following primary end applications: 
   
 ·                    alternative and traditional energy generation 
 ·                    batteries and hybrid drive systems 
 ·                    factory and machine tool automation 
   
 4 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 ·                    geophysical 
 ·                    heavy equipment 
 ·                    instrumentation 
 ·                    internet of things 
 ·                    LED lighting 
 ·                    marine 
 ·                    medical equipment 
 ·                    power distribution 
 ·                    rail mass transit 
   
 Information Technology and Data Communications  - Amphenol is a global provider of interconnect solutions to designers and manufacturers of internet-enabling systems.  With our industry-leading high speed, power and fiber optic technologies, together with superior simulation and testing capability and cost effectiveness, Amphenol leads the way in interconnect development for the information technology (“IT”) and datacom market. Whether industry standard or application-specific designs are required, Amphenol provides customers with products that enable performance at the leading edge of next-generation, high-speed, power and fiber optics technology.  Sales into the IT and datacom market represented approximately 16% of the Company’s net sales in 2015 with sales into the following primary end applications: 
   
 ·                    cloud computing and data centers 
 ·                    internet appliances 
 ·                    optical and copper networking equipment 
 ·                    servers 
 ·                    storage systems 
   
 Military  - Amphenol is a world leader in the design, manufacture and supply of high-performance interconnect systems and antennas for harsh environment military applications. Such products require superior performance and reliability under conditions of stress and in hostile environments such as rapid and severe temperature changes, vibration, pressure, humidity and nuclear radiation.  Amphenol provides an unparalleled product breadth, from military specification connectors to customized high-speed board level interconnects; from flexible to rigid printed circuit boards; from backplane systems to completely integrated assemblies.  Amphenol is a technology leader, participating in major programs from the earliest inception across each phase of the production cycle.  Sales into the military market represented approximately 10% of the Company’s net sales in 2015 with sales into the following primary end applications: 
   
 ·                    avionics 
 ·                    communications 
 ·                    engines 
 ·                    ground vehicles and tanks 
 ·                    homeland security 
 ·                    naval 
 ·                    ordnance and missile systems 
 ·                    radar systems 
 ·                    rotorcraft 
 ·                    satellite and space programs 
 ·                    unmanned aerial vehicles 
   
 Mobile Devices  - Amphenol designs and manufactures an extensive range of interconnect products, antennas and electromechanical components found in a wide array of mobile computing devices.  Amphenol’s capability for high-volume production of these technically demanding, miniaturized products, combined with our speed of new product introduction, are critical drivers of the Company’s long-term success in this market.  Sales into the mobile devices market represented approximately 19% of the Company’s net sales in 2015 with sales into the following primary end applications: 
   
 ·                    mobile and smart phones, including wearable devices and other accessories 
 ·                    mobile computing devices, including laptops, tablets, ultrabooks and e-readers 
 ·                    production-related products 
   
 Mobile Networks  - Amphenol is a leading global interconnect solutions provider to the mobile networks market.  The Company offers a wide product portfolio.  The Company’s products are used in virtually every wireless communications standard, 
   
 5 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 including 3G, 3.5G, 4G, LTE, TD-LTE, 5G and other future IP-based solutions.  In addition, the Company works with service providers around the world to offer an array of antennas and installation-related site solution interconnect products.  Sales into the mobile networks market represented approximately 8% of the Company’s net sales in 2015 with sales into the following primary end applications: 
   
 ·                    cellular base stations 
 ·                    cell site antenna systems 
 ·                    combiners, filters and amplifiers 
 ·                    core network controllers 
 ·                    mobile switches 
 ·                    radio links 
 ·                    wireless routers 
   
 Customers and Geographies 
   
 The Company manufactures and sells a broad portfolio of products on a global basis to customers in various industries. Our customers include many of the leaders in their respective industries, and our relationships with them typically date back many years. We believe that our diversified customer base provides us an opportunity to leverage our skills and experience across markets and reduces our exposure to particular end markets.  Additionally, we believe that the diversity of our customer base is an important strength of the Company. 
   
 There has been a trend on the part of original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) customers to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain quality, delivery and other standards while maintaining competitive prices.  The Company has positioned its global resources to compete effectively in this environment.  As an industry leader, the Company has established close working relationships with many of its customers on a global basis. These relationships allow the Company to better anticipate and respond to these customer needs when designing new products and new technical solutions. By working with customers in developing new products and technologies, the Company is able to identify and act on trends and leverage knowledge about next-generation technology across our portfolio of products.  In addition, the Company has concentrated its efforts on service, procurement and manufacturing improvements designed to increase product quality and lower product lead-time and cost.  For a discussion of risks related to the Company’s sales to OEMs, see the risk factor titled “The Company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications and broadband communications” in Part I, Item 1A herein. 
   
 The Company’s products are sold to thousands of OEMs in approximately 70 countries throughout the world. The Company also sells certain products to electronic manufacturing services (“EMS”) companies, to original design manufacturers (“ODMs”) and to communication network operators.  During the year ended December 31, 2015, aggregate sales to Apple Inc., including sales of products to EMS companies and subcontractors that the Company believes are manufacturing products on their behalf, accounted for approximately 11% of our net sales.  No single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Company’s net sales for the years ended December 31, 2014 or 2013. 
   
 The Company sells its products through its own global sales force, independent representatives and a global network of electronics distributors. The Company’s sales to distributors represented approximately 12% of the Company’s net sales in 2015.  In addition to product design teams and customer collaboration arrangements, the Company uses key account managers to manage customer relationships on a global basis such that it can bring to bear its total resources to meet the worldwide needs of its multinational customers. 
   
 Manufacturing 
   
 The Company is a global manufacturer employing advanced manufacturing processes including molding, stamping, plating, turning, extruding, die casting and assembly operations and proprietary process technology for specialty and coaxial cable production and sensor fabrication. Outsourcing of certain manufacturing processes is used when cost-effective. Substantially all of the Company’s manufacturing facilities are certified to the ISO9000 series of quality standards, and many of the Company’s manufacturing facilities are certified to other quality standards, including QS9000, ISO14000, TS16949 and TS16469. 
   
 The Company’s manufacturing facilities are generally vertically integrated operations from the initial design stage through final design and manufacturing.  The Company has an established manufacturing presence in approximately 30 countries.  Our global coverage positions us near many of our customers’ locations and allows us to assist them in consolidating their supply base and lowering their production costs. In addition, the Company generally relies on local general management in every region, which we believe creates a strong degree of organizational stability and deeper understanding of local markets. We believe our balanced 
   
 6 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 geographic distribution lowers our exposure to any particular geography.  The Company designs, manufactures and assembles its products at facilities in the Americas, Europe, Asia, Australia and Africa.  The Company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage, as it allows the Company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. 
   
 The Company employs a global manufacturing strategy to lower its production and logistics costs and to improve service to customers. The Company’s strategy is to maintain strong cost controls in its manufacturing and assembly operations. The Company is continually evaluating and adjusting its expense levels and workforce to reflect current business conditions and maximize the return on capital investments.  The Company sources its products on a worldwide basis.  To better serve certain high volume customers, the Company has established just-in-time facilities near these major customers.  The Company’s international manufacturing and assembly facilities generally serve the respective local markets and coordinate product design and manufacturing responsibility with the Company’s other operations around the world.  The Company has lower cost manufacturing and assembly facilities in China, Macedonia, Malaysia, Mexico, India, Indonesia, Eastern Europe and North Africa to serve regional and world markets.  For a discussion of risks attendant to the Company’s foreign operations, see the risk factor titled “The Company is subject to the risks of political, economic and military instability in countries outside the United States” in Part I, Item 1A herein. 
   
 Net sales by geographic region as a percentage of our total net sales were as follows: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 For the Years Ended      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
 United States      
 
        
 
 30%      
 
        
 
 31%      
 
        
 
 31%      
 
            
 
 
 China      
 
        
 
 30%      
 
        
 
 27%      
 
        
 
 27%      
 
            
 
 
 Other   international locations      
 
        
 
 40%      
 
        
 
 42%      
 
        
 
 42%      
 
            
 
 
 Total      
 
        
 
 100%      
 
        
 
 100%      
 
        
 
 100%      
 
               
   
 Net sales by geographic region are based on the customer location to which the product is shipped. 
   
 Research and Development 
   
 The Company generally implements its product development strategy through product design teams and collaboration arrangements with customers, which result in the Company obtaining approved vendor status for its customers’ new products and programs.  The Company focuses its research and development efforts primarily on those product areas that it believes have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period.  The Company seeks to have its products become widely accepted within the industry for similar applications and products manufactured by other potential customers, which the Company believes will provide additional sources of future revenue.  By developing application specific products, the Company has decreased its exposure to standard products, which generally experience greater pricing pressure. 
   
 At the end of 2015, our research, development, and engineering efforts are supported by approximately 1,800 employees and are performed primarily by individual operating units focused on specific markets and technologies.  The Company’s research and development expense for the creation of new and improved products and processes was $124.7 million, $114.8 million and $103.4 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 
   
 Intellectual Property 
   
 Patents and other proprietary rights are important to our business. We also rely upon trade secrets, manufacturing know-how, continuing technological innovations, and licensing opportunities to maintain and improve our competitive position. We review third-party proprietary rights, including patents and patent applications, as available, in an effort to develop an effective intellectual property strategy, avoid infringement of third-party proprietary rights, identify licensing opportunities, and monitor the intellectual property claims of others. 
   
 We own a large portfolio of patents that principally relate to electrical, optical, electronic, antenna and sensor products. We also own a portfolio of trademarks and are a licensee of various patents and trademarks. Patents for individual products extend for varying periods according to the date of patent filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. Trademark rights may potentially extend for longer periods of time and are dependent upon national laws and use of the trademarks. 
   
 While we consider our patents and trademarks to be valued assets, we do not believe that our competitive position or our operations are dependent upon or would be materially impacted by the loss of any single patent or group of related patents. 
   
 7 
 
 
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Raw Materials 
   
 The Company purchases a wide variety of raw materials for the manufacture of its products, including precious metals such as gold and silver used in plating, aluminum, steel, copper, titanium and metal alloy products used for cable, contacts and connector shells, certain rare earth metals used in sensors and plastic materials used for cable and connector bodies and inserts. Such raw materials are generally available throughout the world and are purchased locally from a variety of suppliers. The Company is generally not dependent upon any one source for raw materials, or if one source is used the Company attempts to protect itself through long-term supply agreements.  Information regarding our purchasing obligations related to commitments to purchase certain goods and services is disclosed in Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
 Competition 
   
 The Company encounters competition in substantially all areas of its business. The Company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality, price, customer service and delivery time.  Primary competitors within the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment include TE Connectivity, Molex, Yazaki, Foxconn, Sensata, JST, Delphi, Hirose and JAE, among others. Primary competitors within the Cable Products and Solutions segment include Commscope and Belden, among others.  In addition, the Company competes with a large number of smaller companies who compete in specific geographies, markets or products. 
   
 Backlog 
   
 The Company estimates that its backlog of unfilled orders as of December 31, 2015 was approximately $1,121 million compared with backlog of approximately $1,043 million as of December 31, 2014.  Orders typically fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on customer demand and general business conditions. Unfilled orders may generally be cancelled prior to shipment of goods. It is expected that all or a substantial portion of the backlog will be filled within the next 12 months. Significant elements of the Company’s business, such as sales to the communications related markets (including wireless communications, information technology and data communications) and broadband communications and sales to distributors, generally have short lead times. Therefore, backlog may not be indicative of future demand. 
   
 Employees 
   
 As of December 31, 2015, the Company had approximately 50,700 employees worldwide, of which approximately 40,300 were located in lower cost regions.  Approximately 42,000 of the Company’s employees worldwide were hourly employees with the remainder being salaried employees. The Company believes that it has a good relationship with its unionized and non-unionized employees. 
   
 Environmental Matters 
   
 Certain operations of the Company are subject to environmental laws and regulations which govern the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, as well as the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. The Company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
   
 Other 
   
 The Company’s annual report on Form 10-K and all of the Company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) are available to view, without charge, on the Company’s web site, www.amphenol.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with the SEC. Copies are also available without charge, from Amphenol Corporation, Investor Relations, 358 Hall Avenue, Wallingford, CT 06492. 
   
 Cautionary Information for Purposes of Forward Looking Statements 
   
 Statements made by the Company in written or oral form to various persons, including statements made in this annual report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC, that are not strictly historical facts are “forward looking” statements. Such statements should be considered as subject to uncertainties that exist in the Company’s operations and business environment. Certain of the risk factors, assumptions or uncertainties that could cause the Company to fail to conform with expectations and predictions are described below under the caption “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item IA and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K.  Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur, or should the Company’s assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described in this annual report on Form 10-K as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected.  We do not intend to update these forward looking statements. 
   
 8 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
   
 Investors should carefully consider the risks described below and all other information in this annual report on Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that it currently deems immaterial may also impair the Company’s business, operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
   
 If actions taken by management to limit, monitor or control financial enterprise risk exposures are not successful, the Company’s business and consolidated financial statements could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of the Company’s common stock could decline and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
   
 The Company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications and broadband communications. 
   
 Approximately 49% of the Company’s 2015 net sales came from sales to the communications industry, including information technology and data communication, wireless communications and broadband communications, with 19% of the Company’s 2015 net sales coming from sales to the mobile device market. Demand for these products is subject to rapid technological change (see below—“The Company is dependent on the acceptance of new product introductions for continued revenue growth”). These markets are dominated by several large manufacturers and operators who regularly exert significant pressure on their suppliers, including the Company. Furthermore, there has been a trend on the part of OEM customers to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain quality, delivery and other standards while maintaining competitive prices.  There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to meet these standards or maintain competitive pricing and therefore continue to compete successfully in the communications industry.  The Company’s failure to do so could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
   
 Approximately 6% and 8% of the Company’s 2015 net sales came from sales to the broadband communications and mobile networks markets, respectively.  Demand for the Company’s products in these markets depends primarily on capital spending by operators for constructing, rebuilding or upgrading their systems. The amount of this capital spending and, therefore, the Company’s sales and profitability will be affected by a variety of factors, including general economic conditions, consolidation within the communications industry, the financial condition of operators and their access to financing, competition, technological developments, new legislation and regulation of operators. There can be no assurance that existing levels of capital spending will continue or that spending will not decrease. 
   
 Changes in defense expenditures may reduce the Company’s sales. 
   
 Approximately 10% of the Company’s 2015 net sales came from sales to the military market. The Company participates in a broad spectrum of defense programs and believes that no one program accounted for more than 1% of its 2015 net sales. The substantial majority of these sales are related to both U.S. and foreign military and defense programs. The Company’s sales are generally to contractors and subcontractors of the U.S. or foreign governments or to distributors that in turn sell to the contractors and subcontractors. Accordingly, the Company’s sales are affected by changes in the defense budgets of the U.S. and foreign governments. A significant decline in U.S. defense expenditures and foreign government defense expenditures could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
   
 The Company encounters competition in substantially all areas of its business. 
   
 The Company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality, price, customer service and delivery time. Competitors include large, diversified companies, some of which have substantially greater assets and financial resources than the Company, as well as medium to small companies. There can be no assurance that additional competitors will not enter the Company’s existing markets, nor can there be any assurance that the Company will be able to compete successfully against existing or new competition, and the inability to do so could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
   
 The Company is dependent on the acceptance of new product introductions for continued revenue growth. 
   
 The Company estimates that products introduced in the last two years accounted for approximately 25% of 2015 net sales. The Company’s long-term results of operations depend substantially upon its ability to continue to conceive, design, source and market 
   
 9 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 new products and upon continuing market acceptance of its existing and future product lines. In the ordinary course of business, the Company continually develops or creates new product line concepts. If the Company fails to or is significantly delayed in introducing new product line concepts or if the Company’s new products are not met with market acceptance, its business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
   
 Covenants in the Company’s credit agreements may adversely affect the Company. 
   
 The Credit Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2013, among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company and a syndicate of financial institutions (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) and which also backstops the Company’s commercial paper program, contains financial and other covenants, such as a limit on the ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, a limit on priority indebtedness and limits on incurrence of liens. Although the Company believes none of these covenants is presently restrictive to the Company’s operations, the ability to meet the financial covenants can be affected by events beyond the Company’s control, and the Company cannot provide assurance that it will meet those tests. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the Revolving Credit Facility. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under any of the Company’s credit facilities, the lenders could elect to declare amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If the lenders accelerate the repayment of borrowings, the Company may not have sufficient assets to repay the Revolving Credit Facility and other indebtedness.  As of December 31, 2015, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and the commercial paper program of nil and $823.9 million, respectively. 
   
 Downgrades of the Company’s credit rating could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. 
   
 If the credit rating agencies that rate the Company’s debt were to downgrade the Company’s credit rating in conjunction with a deterioration of the Company’s performance, it may increase the Company’s cost of capital and make it more difficult for the Company to obtain new financing, which could adversely affect the Company’s business. 
   
 Inability to access capital markets may adversely affect the Company’s business. 
   
 The Company’s ability to invest in its business and make strategic acquisitions requires access to the capital markets. If general economic and capital market conditions deteriorate significantly, it could impact the Company’s ability to access the capital markets. While the Company has not encountered any financing difficulties, the capital and credit markets have experienced significant volatility in recent years.  Market conditions could make it more difficult to access capital to finance investments and acquisitions.  As such, this could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
   
 The Company’s results may be negatively affected by changing interest rates . 
   
 The Company is subject to interest rate volatility with regard to existing and future issuances of debt. The Company monitors the mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt, as well as the mix of short-term and long-term debt. As of December 31, 2015, $828.9 million, or 29% of the Company’s outstanding borrowings, were subject to floating interest rates, primarily due to changes in LIBOR. 
   
 As of December 31, 2015, the Company had the following unsecured Senior Notes outstanding: 
   
 
 
 
 Principal    Amount    (in millions)      
 
        
 
 Fixed    Interest    Rate      
 
        
 
 Maturity      
 
            
 
 
 $375.0      
 
        
 
 1.55%      
 
        
 
 September 2017      
 
            
 
 
 750.0      
 
        
 
 2.55%      
 
        
 
 January 2019      
 
            
 
 
 375.0      
 
        
 
 3.125%      
 
        
 
 September 2021      
 
            
 
 
 500.0      
 
        
 
 4.00%      
 
        
 
 February 2022      
 
               
   
 A 10% change in LIBOR at December 31, 2015 would have no material effect on the Company’s interest expense. The Company does not expect changes in interest rates to have a material effect on income or cash flows in 2016, although there can be no assurance that interest rates will not change significantly. 
   
 The Company’s results may be negatively affected by foreign currency exchange rates. 
   
 The Company conducts business in many international currencies through its worldwide operations, and as  a result is subject to foreign exchange exposure due to changes in exchange rates of the various currencies including possible currency devaluations. Changes in exchange rates can positively or negatively affect the Company’s sales, gross margins and equity. The Company attempts to minimize currency exposure risk in a number of ways including producing its products in the same country or region in which the 
   
 10 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 products are sold, thereby generating revenues and incurring expenses in the same currency, cost reduction and pricing actions, and working capital management.  However, there can be no assurance that these actions will be fully effective in managing currency risk, especially in the event of a significant and sudden decline in the value of any of the international currencies of the Company’s worldwide operations, which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. 
   
 The Company is subject to the risks of political, economic and military instability in countries outside the United States. 
   
 Non-U.S. markets account for a substantial portion of the Company’s business.  During 2015, non-U.S. markets constituted approximately 70% of the Company’s net sales, with China constituting approximately 30% of the Company’s net sales. The Company employs approximately 90% of its workforce outside the United States. The Company’s customers are located throughout the world and it has many manufacturing, administrative and sales facilities outside the United States. Because the Company has extensive non-U.S. operations as well as significant cash and cash investments held at institutions located outside of the U.S., it is exposed to risks that could negatively affect sales, profitability or the liquidity of such cash and cash investments including: 
   
 ·                    tariffs, trade barriers and trade disputes; 
 ·                    regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 
 ·                    longer payment cycles; 
 ·                    tax issues, such as tax law changes, examinations by taxing authorities, variations in tax laws from country to country as compared to the U.S. and difficulties in repatriating cash generated or held abroad in a tax-efficient manner; 
 ·                    credit risks and other challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 
 ·                    employment regulations and local labor conditions; 
 ·                    difficulties protecting intellectual property; 
 ·                    instability in economic or political conditions, including inflation, recession, currency exchange restrictions and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts; and 
 ·                    the impact of each of the foregoing on outsourcing and procurement arrangements. 
   
 The Company may experience difficulties and unanticipated expense of assimilating newly acquired businesses, including the potential for the impairment of goodwill. 
   
 The Company has completed a number of acquisitions recently, including the acquisition of FCI Asia Pte Ltd (“FCI”) on January 8, 2016.  The Company anticipates that it will continue to pursue acquisition opportunities as part of its growth strategy.  The Company may experience difficulty and unanticipated expense in integrating such acquisitions and the acquisitions may not perform as expected.  At December 31, 2015, the total assets of the Company were $7,458.4 million, which included $2,692.9 million of goodwill (the excess of fair value of consideration paid over the fair value of net identifiable assets of businesses acquired).  The Company performs annual evaluations for the potential impairment of the carrying value of goodwill.  Such evaluations have not resulted in the need to recognize an impairment. However, if the financial performance of the Company’s businesses were to decline significantly, the Company could incur a material non-cash charge to its income statement for the impairment of goodwill. 
   
 The Company may experience difficulties in obtaining a consistent supply of materials at stable pricing levels, which could adversely affect its results of operations. 
   
 The Company uses basic materials like aluminum, steel, copper, titanium, metal alloys, gold, silver, certain rare earth metals and plastic resins, in its manufacturing processes. Volatility in the prices of such materials and availability of supply may have a substantial impact on the price the Company pays for such materials. In addition, to the extent such cost increases cannot be recovered through sales price increases or productivity improvements, the Company’s margins may decline. 
   
 The Company may not be able to attract and retain key employees. 
   
 The Company’s continued success depends upon its continued ability to hire and retain key employees at its operations around the world. Any difficulties in obtaining or retaining the management and other human resource competencies that the Company needs to achieve its business objectives may have an adverse effect on the Company’s performance. 
   
 Cybersecurity incidents on our information technology systems could disrupt business operations, resulting in adverse impacts to our reputation and operating results and potentially lead to litigation. 
   
 Global cybersecurity threats to the Company could lead to unauthorized access to the Company’s information technology systems, products, customers, suppliers, and third party service providers.  Cybersecurity incidents could potentially result in the disruption of our business operations, and the misappropriation, destruction, or corruption of critical data and confidential or 
   
 11 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 proprietary technological information.  Despite the Company’s implementation of preventative security measures to prevent, detect, address and mitigate these threats, which includes the continuous monitoring of its information technology systems and networks  and maintenance of backup systems, our infrastructure may still be susceptible to disruptions from a cybersecurity incident, security breaches, computer viruses, outages, systems failures, natural disasters, or catastrophic events, any of which could include  reputational damage and litigation with third parties, which could adversely affect our business and operating results.  Such threats experienced to date have not had a material impact on the Company’s business. 
   
 Changes in general economic conditions and other factors beyond the Company’s control may adversely impact its business and operating results. 
   
 The Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions.  The following factors could adversely impact the Company’s business and operating results: 
   
 ·                    A global economic slowdown in any of the Company’s market segments; 
 ·                    Uncertainty about global and regional economic conditions that result in postponement of spending, in response to tighter credit, financial market volatility and other factors; 
 ·                    The effects of significant changes in monetary and fiscal policies in the U.S. and abroad including significant income tax changes, currency fluctuations and unforeseen inflationary pressures; 
 ·                    Rapid material escalation of the cost of regulatory compliance and litigation; 
 ·                    Unexpected government policies and regulations affecting the Company or its significant customers; 
 ·                    Unforeseen intergovernmental conflicts or actions, including but not limited to armed conflict, trade wars, and acts of terrorism or war; 
 ·                    Unforeseen interruptions to the Company’s business with its largest customers, distributors and suppliers resulting from but not limited to, strikes, financial instabilities, computer malfunctions, inventory excesses, natural disasters, or other disasters such as fires or explosions; 
 ·                    Increases in employment costs, particularly in low-cost regions in which the Company currently operates; and 
 ·                    Changes in assumptions, such as discount rates and lower than expected investment performance related to the Company’s benefit plans. 
   
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
 None. 
   
 Item 2. Properties 
   
 The Company’s fixed assets include plants and warehouses and a substantial quantity of machinery and equipment, most of which is general purpose machinery and equipment using tools and fixtures and in many instances having automatic control features and special adaptations. The Company’s plants, warehouses and machinery and equipment are in good operating condition, are well maintained and substantially all of its facilities are in regular use. The Company considers the present level of fixed assets along with planned capital expenditures as suitable and adequate for operations in the current business environment. At December 31, 2015, the Company operated a total of approximately 340 plants, warehouses and offices of which (a) the locations in the U.S. had approximately 3.0 million square feet, of which approximately 1.6 million square feet were leased; (b) the locations outside the U.S. had approximately 10.8 million square feet, of which approximately 7.8 million square feet were leased; and (c) the square footage by segment was approximately 13.1 million square feet and approximately 0.7 million square feet for the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment and the Cable Products and Solutions segment, respectively. 
   
 The Company believes that its facilities are suitable and adequate for the business conducted therein and are being appropriately utilized for their intended purposes. Utilization of the facilities varies based on demand for the products. The Company continuously reviews its anticipated requirements for facilities and, based on that review, may from time to time acquire or lease additional facilities and/or dispose of existing facilities. 
   
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
   
 The Company and its subsidiaries have been named as defendants in several legal actions in which various amounts are claimed arising from normal business activities. Although the potential liability with respect to such legal actions cannot be reasonably estimated, such matters are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
   
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
 Not applicable. 
   
 12 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 PART II 
   
 Item 5.  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
   
 The Company effected the initial public offering of its Class A Common Stock in November 1991. The Company’s common stock has been listed on the New York Stock Exchange since that time under the symbol “APH.” The following table sets forth on a per share basis the high and low closing sales prices for the common stock for 2015 and 2014 as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 High      
 
        
 
 Low      
 
        
 
 High      
 
        
 
 Low      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 First Quarter      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 60.20      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 51.93      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 46.63      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 42.34      
 
            
 
 
 Second Quarter      
 
        
 
 59.54      
 
        
 
 55.37      
 
        
 
 49.10      
 
        
 
 45.26      
 
            
 
 
 Third Quarter      
 
        
 
 57.45      
 
        
 
 49.06      
 
        
 
 52.66      
 
        
 
 47.33      
 
            
 
 
 Fourth Quarter      
 
        
 
 55.49      
 
        
 
 50.03      
 
        
 
 55.45      
 
        
 
 45.56      
 
            
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
   
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return of Amphenol over a period of five years ending December 31, 2015 with the performance of the Standard & Poor’s 500 (“S&P 500”) Stock Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Electrical Components & Equipment (“DJUSEC”) Index.  This graph assumes that $100 was invested in the common stock of Amphenol and each index on December 31, 2010, reflects reinvested dividends and is weighted on a market capitalization basis at the time of each reported data point.  The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast future performance. 
   
 
   
 As of January 31, 2016, there were 40 holders of record of the Company’s common stock.  A significant number of outstanding shares of common stock are registered in the name of only one holder, which is a nominee of The Depository Trust Company, a securities depository for banks and brokerage firms. The Company believes that there are a significant number of beneficial owners of its common stock. 
   
 Contingent upon declaration by the Board of Directors, the Company generally pays a quarterly dividend on its common stock.  In July 2014, the Board of Directors approved an increase in the quarterly dividend rate from $0.10 to $0.125 per share effective with the third quarter 2014 dividend and in July 2015 approved a further increase in the quarterly dividend rate from $0.125 to $0.14 per share effective with the third quarter 2015 dividend.  Total dividends declared during 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $163.7 million, $140.6 million and $96.8 million, respectively. Total dividends paid in 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $159.3 million, $101.9 million and $96.8 million, respectively, including those declared in the prior year and paid in the current year.  The Company intends to retain the remainder of its earnings not used for dividend payments to provide funds for the operation and expansion of the Company’s business (including acquisition-related activity), to repurchase shares of its common stock and to repay outstanding indebtedness. 
   
 13 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 The Company’s Revolving Credit Facility contains financial covenants and restrictions, some of which may limit the Company’s ability to pay dividends, and any future indebtedness that the Company may incur could limit its ability to pay dividends. 
   
 The following table summarizes the Company’s equity compensation plan information as of December 31, 2015. 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information      
 
            
 
 
 Plan category      
 
        
 
 Number of securities to    be issued upon exercise    of outstanding options,    warrants and rights      
 
        
 
 Weighted average    exercise price of    outstanding options,    warrants and rights      
 
        
 
 Number of    securities    remaining available    for future issuance      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Equity   compensation plans approved by security holders      
 
        
 
 31,153,731      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 37.63      
 
        
 
 19,205,254      
 
            
 
 
 Equity   compensation plans not approved by security holders      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Total      
 
        
 
 31,153,731      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 37.63      
 
        
 
 19,205,254      
 
               
   
 Repurchase of Equity Securities 
   
 In January 2015, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase up to 10 million shares of Common Stock during the two year period ending January 20, 2017 (the “2015 Stock Repurchase Program”).  During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company repurchased 4.5 million shares of its common stock for approximately $248.9 million.  These treasury shares have been retired by the Company and common stock and retained earnings were reduced accordingly.  The price and timing of any future purchases under the 2015 Stock Repurchase Program will depend on factors such as levels of cash generation from operations, the volume of stock option exercises by employees, cash requirements for acquisitions, economic and market conditions and stock price.  The Company did not repurchase any additional shares of Common Stock through January 31, 2016.  At January 31, 2016, approximately 5.5 million additional shares of Common Stock may be repurchased under the 2015 Stock Repurchase Program.  The table below reflects the Company’s stock repurchases for the year ended December 31, 2015: 
   
 
 
 
 Period      
 
        
 
 Total    Number of    Shares    Purchased      
 
        
 
 Average Price Paid    per Share      
 
        
 
 Total Number of    Shares Purchased as    Part of Publicly    Announced Plans or    Programs      
 
        
 
 Maximum Number    of Shares that May    Yet Be Purchased    Under the Plans or    Programs      
 
            
 
 
 January 1   to January 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 10,000,000      
 
            
 
 
 February 1   to February 28, 2015      
 
        
 
 45,972      
 
        
 
 53.96      
 
        
 
 45,972      
 
        
 
 9,954,028      
 
            
 
 
 March 1 to   March 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 1,038,827      
 
        
 
 57.49      
 
        
 
 1,038,827      
 
        
 
 8,915,201      
 
            
 
 
 April 1 to   April 30, 2015      
 
        
 
 615,201      
 
        
 
 56.63      
 
        
 
 615,201      
 
        
 
 8,300,000      
 
            
 
 
 May 1 to   May 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 834,600      
 
        
 
 55.82      
 
        
 
 834,600      
 
        
 
 7,465,400      
 
            
 
 
 June 1 to   June 30, 2015      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 7,465,400      
 
            
 
 
 July 1 to   July 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 7,465,400      
 
            
 
 
 August 1 to   August 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 7,465,400      
 
            
 
 
 September 1   to September 30, 2015      
 
        
 
 1,000,000      
 
        
 
 51.93      
 
        
 
 1,000,000      
 
        
 
 6,465,400      
 
            
 
 
 October 1   to October 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 6,465,400      
 
            
 
 
 November 1   to November 30, 2015      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 6,465,400      
 
            
 
 
 December 1 to   December 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 1,000,000      
 
        
 
 53.31      
 
        
 
 1,000,000      
 
        
 
 5,465,400      
 
            
 
 
 Total      
 
        
 
 4,534,600      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 54.88      
 
        
 
 4,534,600      
 
        
 
 5,465,400      
 
               
   
 14 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Item 6.  Selected Financial Data 
   
 The following table presents selected consolidated financial data that should be read in conjunction with our “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes included herein. Our consolidated financial information may not be indicative of our future performance.  As described in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company retrospectively reclassified prior year’s balances to reflect the balance sheet presentation of deferred debt issuance costs and deferred taxes in accordance with recent accounting standards, which impacted the financial condition section below. 
   
 
 
 
 (dollars and shares     in millions, except per share data)      
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
        
 
 2012      
 
        
 
 2011      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Operations      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Net sales       
 
        
 
 $      
 
 5,568.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 5,345.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 4,614.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 4,292.1      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 3,939.8      
 
            
 
 
 Net income   attributable to Amphenol Corporation       
 
        
 
 763.5      
 
 (1)      
 
 709.1      
 
 (2)      
 
 635.7      
 
 (3)      
 
 555.3      
 
 (4)      
 
 524.2      
 
 (5)          
 
 
 Net income per common   share—Diluted      
 
        
 
 2.41      
 
 (1)      
 
 2.21      
 
 (2)      
 
 1.96      
 
 (3)      
 
 1.69      
 
 (4)      
 
 1.53      
 
 (5)          
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Financial   Condition      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Cash, cash   equivalents and short-term investments       
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,760.4      
 
 (6)      
 
 $      
 
 1,329.6      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,192.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 942.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 648.9      
 
            
 
 
 Working capital       
 
        
 
 2,841.6      
 
        
 
 2,406.6      
 
        
 
 1,510.6      
 
        
 
 1,782.0      
 
        
 
 1,504.1      
 
            
 
 
 Total assets       
 
        
 
 7,458.4      
 
        
 
 6,985.9      
 
        
 
 6,150.1      
 
        
 
 5,203.1      
 
        
 
 4,438.1      
 
            
 
 
 Long-term debt,   including current portion       
 
        
 
 2,813.5      
 
        
 
 2,656.2      
 
        
 
 2,122.2      
 
        
 
 1,695.6      
 
        
 
 1,367.6      
 
            
 
 
 Shareholders’   equity attributable to Amphenol Corporation       
 
        
 
 3,238.5      
 
        
 
 2,907.4      
 
        
 
 2,859.5      
 
        
 
 2,430.0      
 
        
 
 2,171.8      
 
            
 
 
 Weighted average   shares outstanding—Diluted       
 
        
 
 316.5      
 
        
 
 320.4      
 
        
 
 324.5      
 
        
 
 327.9      
 
        
 
 343.7      
 
            
 
 
 Cash dividends   declared per share       
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.53      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.45      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.305      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.21      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.03      
 
               
   
 
 (1)               Includes acquisition-related expenses of $5.7 ($5.7 after-tax), or $0.02 per share, relating to acquisitions announced and closed in 2015.  Net income per common share-diluted for the year ended December 31, 2015, excluding the effect of this item is $2.43. 
   
 (2)               Includes (a) acquisition-related expenses of $4.3 ($4.1 after-tax) relating to 2014 acquisitions and (b) $9.8 ($6.2 after-tax) relating to the acquired backlogs of completed acquisitions for an aggregate impact of $0.04 per share.  Net income per common share-diluted for the year ended December 31, 2014, excluding the effect of these items is $2.25. 
   
 (3)               Includes (a) acquisition-related expenses of $6.0 ($4.6 after tax) or $0.01 per share, relating to 2013 acquisitions, (b) $3.6, or $0.01 per share, income tax benefit due primarily to the favorable completion of prior year audits, and (c) an income tax benefit of $11.3, or $0.03 per share, resulting from the delay, by the U.S. government, in the reinstatement of certain federal income tax provisions for the year 2012 relating primarily to research and development credits and certain U.S. taxes on foreign income.  Such tax provisions were reinstated on January 2, 2013 with retroactive effect to 2012.  Under U.S. GAAP, the benefit to the Company of $11.3, or $0.03 per share, relating to the 2012 tax year was recorded as a benefit in the first quarter of 2013 at the date of reinstatement.  Net income per common share-diluted for the year ended December 31, 2013, excluding the effect of these items is $1.93. 
   
 (4)               Includes (a) acquisition-related expenses of $2.0 ($2.0 after tax) or $0.01 per share, relating to 2012 acquisitions and (b) income tax costs of $11.3, or $0.03 per share, relating to a delay, by the U.S. government, in the reinstatement of certain federal income tax provisions for the year 2012 relating primarily to research and development credits and certain U.S. taxes on foreign income.  Such tax provisions were reinstated on January 2, 2013 with retroactive effect to 2012.  Net income per common share-diluted for the year ended December 31, 2012, excluding the effect of these items is $1.73. 
   
 (5)               Includes (a) a tax benefit related to reserve adjustments from the favorable settlement of certain international tax positions and the completion of prior year audits of $4.5, or $0.01 per share, (b) a contingent payment adjustment of approximately $17.8 ($11.2 after tax) or $0.03 per share, (c) a charge for expenses incurred in connection with a flood at the Company’s Sidney, New York facility of $21.5 ($13.6 after tax) or $0.04 per share and (d) acquisition-related expenses of $2.0 ($1.8 after tax) relating to 2011 acquisitions.  Net income per common share-diluted for the year ended December 31, 2011, excluding the effect of these items is $1.53. 
   
 (6)               On January 8, 2016, the Company used approximately $1,179, net of cash acquired, of its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments to fund the acquisition of FCI. 
   
 15 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Item 7.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   
 The following discussion and analysis of the results of operations for the three years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 has been derived from and should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 herein  and is presented  in millions, except per share data.  The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in U.S. dollars, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”). 
   
 Overview 
   
 The Company is a global designer, manufacturer and marketer of electrical, electronic and fiber optic connectors, interconnect systems, antennas, sensor and sensor-based products and coaxial and high-speed specialty cable.  The Company operates through two reporting segments: (i) Interconnect Products and Assemblies and (ii) Cable Products and Solutions.  In 2015, approximately 70% of the Company’s sales were outside the U.S.  The primary end markets for our products are: 
   
 ·                    information technology and communication devices and systems for the converging technologies of voice, video and data communications; 
 ·                    a broad range of industrial applications and traditional and hybrid-electric automotive applications; and 
 ·                    commercial aerospace and military applications. 
   
 The Company’s products are used in a wide variety of applications by numerous customers.  The Company encounters competition in its markets and competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality, price, customer service and delivery time.  There has been a trend on the part of OEM customers to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain quality, delivery and other standards while maintaining competitive prices.  The Company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment.  The Company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the Company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. 
   
 The Company’s strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control.  The Company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its OEM customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one-to three-year period.  The Company is also focused on controlling costs.  The Company does this by investing in modern manufacturing technologies, controlling purchasing processes and expanding into lower cost areas. 
   
 The Company’s strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing the following success factors: 
   
 ·                    Pursue broad diversification; 
 ·                    Develop performance-enhancing interconnect solutions; 
 ·                    Expand global presence; 
 ·                    Control costs; 
 ·                    Pursue strategic acquisitions and investments; and 
 ·                    Foster collaborative, entrepreneurial management. 
   
 In 2015, the Company reported net sales, operating income and net income attributable to Amphenol Corporation of $5,568.7, $1,104.7 and $763.5, respectively, up 4%, 7% and 8%, respectively, from 2014.  Sales and profitability trends are discussed in detail in “Results of Operations” below.  In addition, a strength of the Company has been its ability to consistently generate cash.  The Company uses cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends and reduce indebtedness.  In 2015, the Company generated operating cash flow of $1,030.5. 
   
 16 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Results of Operations 
   
 The following table sets forth the components of net income attributable to Amphenol Corporation as a percentage of net sales for the periods indicated. 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Year Ended December 31,      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
 Net sales      
 
        
 
 100.0      
 
 %      
 
 100.0      
 
 %      
 
 100.0      
 
 %          
 
 
 Cost of sales      
 
        
 
 68.1      
 
        
 
 68.3      
 
        
 
 68.5      
 
            
 
 
 Acquisition-related   expenses      
 
        
 
 0.1      
 
        
 
 0.2      
 
        
 
 0.2      
 
            
 
 
 Selling, general   and administrative expenses      
 
        
 
 12.0      
 
        
 
 12.1      
 
        
 
 11.9      
 
            
 
 
 Operating income      
 
        
 
 19.8      
 
        
 
 19.4      
 
        
 
 19.4      
 
            
 
 
 Interest expense      
 
        
 
 (1.2      
 
 )      
 
 (1.5      
 
 )      
 
 (1.4      
 
 )          
 
 
 Other income,   net      
 
        
 
 0.3      
 
        
 
 0.3      
 
        
 
 0.3      
 
            
 
 
 Income before   income taxes      
 
        
 
 18.9      
 
        
 
 18.2      
 
        
 
 18.3      
 
            
 
 
 Provision for   income taxes      
 
        
 
 (5.0      
 
 )      
 
 (4.8      
 
 )      
 
 (4.5      
 
 )          
 
 
 Net income      
 
        
 
 13.9      
 
        
 
 13.4      
 
        
 
 13.8      
 
            
 
 
 Net income   attributable to noncontrolling interests      
 
        
 
 (0.2      
 
 )      
 
 (0.1      
 
 )      
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Net income   attributable to Amphenol Corporation      
 
        
 
 13.7      
 
 %      
 
 13.3      
 
 %      
 
 13.8      
 
 %             
   
 2015 Compared to 2014 
   
 Net sales were $5,568.7 for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to $5,345.5 for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of 4% in U.S. dollars, 8% in local currencies and 3% organically (excluding both currency and acquisition impacts) over the prior year.  Sales in the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment (approximately 94% of net sales) increased 5% in 2015 in U.S. dollars, 8% in local currencies and 3% organically compared to 2014 ($5,239.1 in 2015 versus $4,992.6 in 2014).  The sales growth was driven by increases in the automotive, mobile devices, industrial and information technology and data communications equipment markets, with contributions from both organic growth and the Company’s acquisition program; partially offset by decreases in sales in the mobile networks, commercial aerospace and military markets.  Sales to the automotive market increased (approximately $190.9), driven both by acquisitions and an expansion of our products across a diversified range of vehicles and onboard electronics.  Sales to the mobile devices market increased (approximately $116.5) primarily due to growth in next generation laptops, mobile device accessories and production-related products.  Sales to the industrial market increased (approximately $43.0) reflecting the benefit of acquisitions as well as growth in industrial battery and hybrid vehicle applications and growth in alternative energy applications, offset by significant declines in products sold into oil and gas exploration.  Sales to the information technology and data communications market increased (approximately $17.6), primarily due to the growth in products for server, web and data center applications, partially offset by declines in storage-related applications.  Sales to the mobile networks market decreased (approximately $101.7), primarily due to a decrease in worldwide mobile network build-outs.  Sales to the commercial aerospace market decreased (approximately $21.5), primarily due to decreases in commercial helicopter and business jet demand.  Sales to the military market decreased slightly (approximately $3.8).  Sales in the Cable Products and Solutions segment (approximately 6% of net sales), which is primarily in the broadband communications market, decreased 7% in 2015 in U.S. dollars and 2% in both local currencies and organically compared to 2014 ($329.6 in 2015 versus $352.9 in 2014) primarily due to a slowdown in spending by cable operators and the effect of ongoing operator consolidations in the broadband market. 
   
 Geographically, sales in the U.S. in 2015 increased approximately 1% ($1,696.3 in 2015 versus $1,673.5 in 2014) compared to 2014.  International sales for 2015 increased approximately 5% in U.S. dollars and approximately 10% in local currencies ($3,872.4 in 2015 versus $3,672.0 in 2014) compared to 2014 with strength in both Asia and Europe.  The comparatively stronger U.S. dollar in 2015 had the effect of decreasing net sales by approximately $190.3 when compared to foreign currency translation rates in 2014. 
   
 The gross profit margin as a percentage of net sales was 31.9% in 2015 compared to 31.7% in 2014.  The increase in gross profit margin as a percentage of sales relates primarily to higher gross profit margins in the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment reflecting the benefit of higher volumes and cost reduction actions. 
   
 Selling, general and administrative expenses were $669.1 and $645.1 and represented approximately 12.0% and 12.1% of net sales for 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Administrative expenses increased approximately $9.6 in 2015 primarily related to increases in the amortization of acquisition-related identified intangible assets and stock-based compensation expense and represented approximately 4.8% of net sales in both 2015 and 2014.  Research and development expenses increased approximately $9.9 in 2015 reflecting an overall increase in expenses for new product development and represented approximately 2.2% of net sales in 2015 and 
   
 17 
 
 
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 2.1% of net sales in 2014.  Selling and marketing expenses increased approximately $4.5 in 2015 primarily related to the increase in sales volume and represented approximately 5.0% of net sales in 2015 and 5.1% of net sales in 2014. 
   
 Operating income was $1,104.7 or 19.8% of net sales in 2015, compared to $1,034.6 or 19.4% of net sales in 2014.  Operating income for 2015 includes $5.7 of acquisition-related expenses (separately presented in the Consolidated Statements of Income) related to professional fees and other external expenses for acquisitions that were closed and announced in 2015.  Operating income for 2014 is net of $14.1 of acquisition-related expenses, which included professional and transaction-related fees and other external expenses related to acquisitions closed in 2014, as well as the amortization of the value associated with acquired backlog related to acquisitions that closed in 2013 and 2014.  For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, these expenses had the impact on net income of $5.7, or $0.02 per share, and $10.2, or $0.04 per share, respectively.  Excluding the effect of these expenses, operating income margin in 2015 and 2014 was 19.9% and 19.6%, respectively.  Operating income for the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment for 2015 was $1,158.3 or 22.1% of net sales, compared to $1,088.0 or 21.8% of net sales of 2014.  This increase in operating income margin is driven primarily by the positive impact of higher gross profit margins as well as a reduction of selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales, as described above.  In addition, the operating income for the Cable Products and Solutions segment for 2015 was $40.3 or 12.2% of net sales, compared to $43.7 or 12.4% of net sales for 2014.  The decrease in operating income margin for the Cable Products and Solutions segment for 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily as a result of lower volumes. 
   
 Interest expense was $68.3 for 2015 compared to $80.4 for 2014.  The decrease is primarily attributable to the benefit of lower average borrowing rates resulting from the commercial paper program that was initiated in late 2014, and a senior note issuance in the third quarter of 2014 which replaced a higher rate note maturity.  This benefit more than offset the impact of higher average debt levels which resulted from the Company’s stock repurchase program as well as acquisition activity. 
   
 Other income, net, decreased to $16.4 in 2015 compared to $18.3 in 2014, primarily related to lower interest income on cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. 
   
 The provision for income taxes was at an effective rate of 26.6% in 2015 and 26.5% in 2014.  Excluding the net impact of acquisition-related expenses, the Company’s effective tax rate for both 2015 and 2014 was 26.5%. 
   
 2014 Compared to 2013 
   
 Net sales were $5,345.5 for the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to $4,614.7 for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of 16% in both U.S. dollars and in local currencies and 8% organically (excluding both currency and acquisition impacts) over the prior year.  Sales in the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment (approximately 93% of net sales) increased 17% in 2014 in both U.S. dollars and in local currencies and 8% organically compared to 2013 ($4,992.6 in 2014 versus $4,269.0 in 2013).  The sales growth was driven by increases in nearly all of our served markets with contributions from both organic growth and the Company’s acquisition program; partially offset by a small decrease in sales in the information technology and data communications equipment market.  Sales to the industrial market increased (approximately $276.2) reflecting particular growth within the energy and heavy equipment markets driven by the impact of organic growth and acquisitions. Sales to the automotive market increased (approximately $271.2), driven primarily by ongoing ramp ups of new, high-technology programs as well as higher vehicle production volumes and acquisitions.  Sales to the mobile networks market increased (approximately $112.4), primarily due to an increase in worldwide network build-outs.  Sales to the commercial aerospace market increased (approximately $49.7) primarily due to increased demand resulting from higher production levels of next generation jetliners and acquisitions.  Sales to the mobile devices market increased (approximately $46.6) primarily due to growth in smartphones and accessories.  Sales to the military market increased slightly (approximately $3.5). This was partially offset by reductions in sales to the information technology and data communications equipment market (approximately $20.2) due to declining networking product sales partially offset by growth in storage and server products.  Sales in the Cable Products and Solutions segment (approximately 7% of net sales) increased 2% in 2014 in U.S. dollars and 3% in both local currencies and organically compared to 2013 ($352.9 in 2014 versus $345.7 in 2013) primarily due to growth in international markets.  Cable Products and Solutions sales are primarily in the broadband communications market. 
   
 Geographically, sales in the U.S. in 2014 increased approximately 17% ($1,673.5 in 2014 versus $1,430.6 in 2013) compared to 2013.  International sales for 2014 increased approximately 15% in U.S. dollars and in local currencies ($3,672.0 in 2014 versus $3,184.1 in 2013) compared to 2013 with particular strength in Europe.  The comparatively stronger U.S. dollar in 2014 had the effect of decreasing net sales by approximately $3.1 when compared to foreign currency translation rates in 2013. 
   
 The gross profit margin as a percentage of net sales was 31.7% in 2014 compared to 31.5% in 2013.  The increase in gross profit margin as a percentage of sales relates primarily to higher gross profit margins in the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment due to increased volume and cost reduction actions. 
   
 18 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Selling, general and administrative expenses were $645.1 and $548.0 and represented approximately 12.1% and 11.9% of net sales for 2014 and 2013, respectively.  The increase in Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales in 2014 compared to 2013 is partially due to higher selling, general and administrative expenses on a percent of net sales basis arising from the inclusion in 2014 of an acquisition in the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment completed late in 2013 that has higher selling, general and administrative expenses on a percent of net sales basis compared to the average of the Company.  Administrative expenses increased approximately $46.7 in 2014 primarily related to increases in employee related benefits, stock-based compensation expense and amortization of acquisition-related identified intangible assets and represented approximately 4.8% and 4.6% of net sales in 2014 and 2013, respectively.  Research and development expenses increased approximately $11.4 in 2014 reflecting increases in expenses for new product development and represented approximately 2.1% of net sales in 2014 and 2.2% of net sales in 2013.  Selling and marketing expenses increased approximately $39.0 in 2014 primarily related to the increase in sales volume and represented approximately 5.1% of net sales for both 2014 and 2013. 
   
 On a consolidated basis, operating income margin was 19.4% for 2014 and 2013 and included the impact of acquisition-related expenses discussed below. Operating margin in the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment was 21.8% for both 2014 and 2013 reflecting higher gross profit margin offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses as described above.  Operating margin in the Cable Products and Solutions segment decreased to 12.4% in 2014 from 13.4% in 2013, primarily as a result of market pricing and product mix. 
   
 As separately presented in the Consolidated Statements of Income, the Company incurred $14.1 and $6.0 of acquisition-related expenses in 2014 and 2013, respectively, in connection with acquisitions made during each of these respective years.  These expenses include amortization of the value associated with acquired backlog, professional fees, transaction-related fees, and other external expenses incurred in connection with acquisitions.  For the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, these expenses had the impact on net income of $10.2, or $0.04 per share, and $4.6, or $0.01 per share, respectively.  Excluding the effect of these expenses, operating income margin in 2014 and 2013 was 19.6% for both years. 
   
 Interest expense was $80.4 for 2014 compared to $63.6 for 2013. The increase is primarily attributable to higher average debt levels related to the Company’s stock repurchase program as well as acquisition activity. 
   
 Other income, net, increased to $18.3 in 2014 compared to $13.4 in 2013, primarily related to interest income on higher levels of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. 
   
 The provision for income taxes was at an effective rate of 26.5% in 2014 and 24.6% in 2013.  The 2013 tax rate reflects a decrease in tax expense of $11.3, or $0.03 per share, resulting from the delay, by the U.S. government, in the reinstatement of certain federal income tax provisions for the year 2012 relating primarily to research and development credits and certain U.S. taxes on foreign income that are part of the tax provisions within the American Taxpayer Relief Act.  Such tax provisions were reinstated on January 2, 2013 with retroactive effect to 2012.  The 2013 tax rate also reflects a reduction in tax expense of $3.6 for tax reserve adjustments relating to the completion of the audits of certain of the Company’s prior year tax returns.  Excluding these impacts as well as the net impact of the acquisition-related expenses, the Company’s effective tax rate for 2014 and 2013 was 26.5% and 26.3%, respectively. 
   
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
   
 Cash flow provided by operating activities was $1,030.5 for 2015 compared to $880.9 for 2014. The increase in cash flow provided by operating activities for 2015 compared to 2014 is primarily due to an increase in net income and an overall decrease in the net components of working capital, compared to the increase in net working capital in 2014.  Cash flow provided by operating activities was $880.9 for 2014 compared to $769.1 for 2013. The increase in cash flow provided by operating activities for 2014 compared to 2013 is primarily due to an increase in net income and a lower increase in the net components of working capital. 
   
 The components of working capital as presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow decreased $46.9 in 2015 due primarily to decreases in other current assets of $47.7 and increases in accrued liabilities of $44.2, offset by increases in accounts receivable and inventory of $22.3 and $5.2, respectively, and decreases in accounts payable of $17.5. The components of working capital increased $18.9 in 2014 due primarily to increases in accounts receivable, inventory, and other current assets of $111.5, $51.6 and $10.0, respectively, offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $66.8 and $87.3, respectively.  The components of working capital increased $26.3 in 2013 due primarily to increases in accounts receivable, inventory, and other current assets of $37.1, $8.0 and $18.4, respectively, offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $6.9 and $30.2, respectively. 
   
 The following represents the significant changes in the amounts as presented on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets in 2015 compared to 2014.  Accounts receivable decreased $19.1 to $1,104.6 primarily due to the effect of translation from exchange rate changes at December 31, 2015 compared to December 31, 2014 (“Translation”), partially offset by the impact of acquisitions. 
   
 19 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Days sales outstanding at December 31, 2015 and 2014 were 71.  Inventories decreased $13.8 to $851.8, primarily due to the impact of Translation, partially offset by the impact of acquisitions. Inventory days at December 31, 2015 and 2014 were 79.  Land and depreciable assets, net, increased $18.8 to $609.5 as a result of capital expenditures of $172.1 and acquisitions, partially offset by depreciation of $131.8, disposals and Translation.  Goodwill increased $76.2 to $2,692.9 primarily as a result of three acquisitions in the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment completed during 2015 offset by Translation.  Intangibles and other long-term assets decreased $20.3 primarily due to the amortization of intangible assets of $34.9 and Translation, partially offset by additional identifiable intangible assets of $20.0 resulting from acquisitions during 2015.  Accounts payable decreased $30.6 to $587.8, primarily as a result of  Translation, partially offset by the impact of acquisitions . Payable days at December 31, 2015 and 2014 were 54 and 57, respectively. 
   
 In 2015, cash flow provided by operating activities of $1,030.5, net sales and maturities of short-term investments of $335.9, net borrowings of $153.6 and proceeds from the exercise of stock options including excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements of $80.6 were used to fund purchases of treasury stock of $248.9, acquisition-related payments of $199.8, capital expenditures (net of disposals) of $163.4, dividend payments of $159.3, and payments to shareholders of noncontrolling interests of $6.1, which resulted in an increase in cash and cash equivalents of $823.1. Translation had the impact of decreasing cash and cash equivalents by $54.8 in 2015. 
   
 In 2014, cash flow provided by operating activities of $880.9, net borrowings of $528.9 and proceeds from the exercise of stock options including excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements of $130.1 were used to fund purchases of treasury stock of $539.4, acquisition related payments of $518.2, net capital expenditures of $203.5, dividend payments of $101.9, net purchases of short-term investments of $60.2 and payments to shareholders of noncontrolling interests of $3.6, which resulted in an increase in cash and cash equivalents of $113.1. Translation had the impact of decreasing cash and cash equivalents by $31.0 in 2014. 
   
 At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1,760.4 and $1,329.6, respectively.  The majority of these amounts are located outside of the U.S.  The Company used approximately $1,179, net of cash acquired, of its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments to fund the FCI acquisition on January 8, 2016, as described below.  The Company does not currently intend to repatriate the remainder of these funds.  However, any repatriation of funds would result in the need to accrue and pay income taxes. 
   
 The ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of the Company’s fundamental financial strengths.  As a result, the Company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments.  The Company uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders’ equity.  The Company has a history of borrowing funds domestically and has had the ability to borrow funds domestically at reasonable interest rates.  The Company’s debt financing includes the use of a commercial paper program, revolving credit facilities and senior notes as part of its overall cash management strategy.  The Revolving Credit Facility requires payment of certain annual agency and commitment fees and requires that the Company satisfy certain financial covenants.  At December 31, 2015, the Company was in compliance with the financial covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility.  There were no borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2015. 
   
 In September 2014, the Company entered into a commercial paper program (“Commercial Paper Program”) pursuant to which the Company issues short-term unsecured commercial paper notes in one or more private placements.  Amounts available under the Commercial Paper Program are borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed from time to time. The Commercial Paper Program is rated A-2 by Standard & Poor’s and P-2 by Moody’s and is backstopped by the Revolving Credit Facility. The maximum aggregate principal amount of the commercial paper notes that may be outstanding under the Commercial Paper Program at any time is $1,500.0 and commercial paper notes outstanding as of December 31, 2015 was $823.9.  Additionally, in 2014, the Company issued $1,500.0 principal amount, in aggregate, of unsecured senior notes, the proceeds of which were used to repay the $600.0 4.75% notes which matured during the year and borrowings under the Company’s revolving credit facilities.  Fees and expenses related to the issuance of the commercial paper and senior notes in 2014 was $11.1 and are amortized to interest expense over the respective terms of the debt.  The Company reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt regularly and may replace certain amounts of commercial paper, short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt with new issuances of long-term debt in the future. 
   
 As of December 31, 2015, the Company has outstanding senior notes (the “Senior Notes”) as follows: 
   
 
 
 
 Principal    Amount      
 
        
 
 Interest    Rate      
 
        
 
 Maturity      
 
            
 
 
 $375.0      
 
        
 
 1.55%      
 
        
 
 September 2017      
 
            
 
 
 750.0      
 
        
 
 2.55      
 
        
 
 January 2019      
 
            
 
 
 375.0      
 
        
 
 3.125      
 
        
 
 September 2021      
 
            
 
 
 500.0      
 
        
 
 4.00      
 
        
 
 February 2022      
 
               
   
 20 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 The Senior Notes are unsecured and rank equally in right of payment with the Company’s other unsecured senior indebtedness. Interest on each series of the Senior Notes is payable semiannually. The Company may, at its option, redeem some or all of any series of Senior Notes at any time by paying 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of repurchase, and if redeemed prior to the date of maturity, a make-whole premium. 
   
 Refer to Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information related to the Company’s debt. 
   
 The Company’s primary sources of liquidity are internally generated cash flow, the Company’s Commercial Paper Program, credit facilities, and cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.  The Company expects that ongoing cash requirements will be funded from these sources; however, the Company’s sources of liquidity could be adversely affected by, among other things, a decrease in demand for the Company’s products or a deterioration in certain of the Company’s financial ratios.  However, management believes that the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment position, ability to generate strong cash flow from operations, and availability under its credit facilities will allow it to meet its obligations for the next twelve months. 
   
 The Company’s primary ongoing cash requirements will be for operating and capital expenditures, product development activities, repurchase of its common stock, funding of pension obligations, dividends and debt service.  The Company may also use cash to fund all or part of the cost of acquisitions, as it did with the 2016 acquisition of FCI as discussed below. The Company expects that capital expenditures in 2016 will be approximately $180.0 to $200.0.  Contingent upon declaration by the Board of Directors, the Company generally pays a quarterly dividend on shares of Common Stock.  In July 2014, the Board of Directors approved an increase in the quarterly dividend rate from $0.10 to $0.125 per share effective with the third quarter 2014 dividend and in July 2015, approved a further increase in the quarterly dividend rate from $0.125 to $0.14 per share effective with the third quarter 2015 dividend.  Total dividends declared during 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $163.7, $140.6 and $96.8, respectively. Total dividends paid in 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $159.3, $101.9 and $96.8, respectively, including those declared in the prior year and paid in the current year.  The Company’s debt service requirements consist primarily of principal and interest on the senior notes, the Revolving Credit Facility, and the Commercial Paper Program. 
   
 In January 2013, the Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program under which the Company could repurchase up to 20 million shares of its common stock during the two year period ending January 31, 2015 (the “2013 Stock Repurchase Program”). During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company repurchased 11.4 million shares of its common stock for $539.4.  These treasury shares have been retired by the Company and common stock and retained earnings were reduced accordingly.  At December 31, 2014, the Company had repurchased all shares authorized under the 2013 Stock Repurchase Program. 
   
 In January 2015, the Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program under which the Company could repurchase up to 10 million shares of common stock during the two year period ending January 20, 2017 (the “2015 Stock Repurchase Program”).  During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company repurchased 4.5 million shares of its common stock for $248.9.  These treasury shares have been retired by the Company and common stock and retained earnings were reduced accordingly.  At January 31, 2016, approximately 5.5 million additional shares of common stock may be repurchased under the 2015 Stock Repurchase Program.  The price and timing of any future purchases under the 2015 Stock Repurchase Program will depend on factors such as levels of cash generation from operations, the volume of stock option exercises by employees, cash requirements for acquisitions, economic and market conditions and stock price. 
   
 In 2015, the Company made aggregate cash contributions to its defined benefit pension plans of approximately $24.1, the majority of which was to its U.S. defined benefit pension plans. The timing and amount of cash contributions in subsequent years will depend on a number of factors, including the investment performance of the plan assets. 
   
 FCI Acquisition 
   
 On January 8, 2016, pursuant to a Purchase Agreement dated July 17, 2015 and as amended on December 31, 2015, by and among the Company and Bain Capital, the Company acquired all of the share capital of FCI for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $1,179, net of cash acquired (subject to closing adjustments), which was funded by cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on hand that were held outside of the United States. 
   
 See Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the FCI acquisition. 
   
 Environmental Matters 
   
 Certain operations of the Company are subject to environmental laws and regulations which govern the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, as well as the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. The Company believes that its operations 
   
 21 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
   
 Inflation and Costs 
   
 The cost of the Company’s products is influenced by the cost of a wide variety of raw materials, including precious metals such as gold and silver used in plating; aluminum, copper, titanium, steel and metal alloy products used for contacts, connector shells and cable; certain rare earth metals used in sensors; and plastic materials used in molding connector bodies, inserts and cable.  The Company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor and services through price increases, productivity improvements and cost saving programs.  However, in certain markets, particularly in the communications related markets, this can be difficult and there is no guarantee that the Company will be successful. 
   
 Foreign Exchange 
   
 The Company conducts business in many international currencies through its worldwide operations, and as a result is subject to foreign exchange exposure due to changes in exchange rates of the various currencies including possible currency devaluations. Changes in exchange rates can positively or negatively affect the Company’s sales, gross margins and equity. The Company attempts to minimize currency exposure risk in a number of ways including producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold, thereby generating revenues and incurring expenses in the same currency, cost reduction and pricing actions, and working capital management. However, there can be no assurance that these actions will be fully effective in managing currency risk, especially in the event of a significant and sudden decline in the value of any of the international currencies of the Company’s worldwide operations. 
   
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
   
 See Note 1 of the Notes to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements. 
   
 Pensions 
   
 The Company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries have defined benefit pension plans (“U.S. Plans”), which cover certain U.S. employees and which represent the majority of the plan assets and benefit obligations of the aggregate defined benefit plans of the Company.  The U.S. Plans’ benefits are generally based on years of service and compensation and are generally noncontributory. Certain U.S. employees not covered by the U.S. Plans are covered by defined contribution plans.  Certain foreign subsidiaries also have defined benefit plans covering their employees (the “International Plans”). The pension expense for the U.S. Plans and International Plans (the “Plans”) approximated $31.0, $22.4 and $30.1 in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and is calculated based upon a number of actuarial assumptions established on January 1 of the applicable year, including a weighted-average discount rate, mortality projections, rate of increase of future compensation levels, and an expected long-term rate of return on the respective Plans’ assets. 
   
 The discount rate used by the Company for valuing pension liabilities is based on a review of high quality corporate bond yields with maturities approximating the remaining life of the projected benefit obligations.  The discount rate for the U.S. Plans on this basis was 4.11% at December 31, 2015 and 3.75% at December 31, 2014.  The increase in the discount rate resulted in a decrease in the accrued benefit obligation for the U.S. Plans of approximately $19.0 at December 31, 2015.  At December 31, 2015, the Company elected to further refine its approach for calculating its service and interest costs beginning in 2016 by applying a split discount rate approach under which specific spot rates along the selected yield curve are applied to the relevant projected cash flows as the Company believes this method more precisely measures its obligations.  The mortality assumptions used by the Company reflect commonly used mortality tables and improvement scales for each plan and increased life expectancies for plan participants. 
   
 In developing the expected long-term rate of return assumption for the U.S. Plans, the Company evaluated input from its external actuaries and investment consultants as well as long-term inflation assumptions. Projected returns by such consultants are based on broad equity and bond indices.  The Company also considered its historical twenty-year compounded return of approximately 9%, which has been in excess of these broad equity and bond benchmark indices. The expected long-term rate of return on the U.S. Plans’ assets is based on an asset allocation assumption of 60% with equity managers (with an expected long-term rate of return of approximately 9%) and 40% with fixed income managers (with an expected long-term rate of return of approximately 6%).  The Company believes that the long-term asset allocation on average will approximate 60% with equity managers and 40% with fixed income managers. The Company regularly reviews the actual asset allocation and periodically rebalances investments to its targeted allocation when considered appropriate. Based on this methodology, the Company’s expected long-term rate of return assumption to determine the benefit obligation of the U.S. Plans at December 31, 2015 and 2014 is 8.00%. 
   
 22 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 The Company made cash contributions to the Plans of $24.1, $23.8 and $23.3 in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The total liability for accrued pension and post-employment benefit obligations under the Company’s pension and post-retirement benefit plans decreased in 2015 to $266.0 ($3.7 of which is included in other accrued expenses primarily representing required contributions to be made during 2016 for unfunded foreign plans) from $279.3 in 2014 primarily due to an increase in the discount rate. The Company estimates that, based on current actuarial calculations, it will make a cash contribution to the Plans in 2016 of approximately $22.0, most of which will be to the U.S. Plans.  Cash contributions in subsequent years will depend on a number of factors including the investment performance of the respective Plans’ assets. 
   
 The Company  offers various defined contribution plans for U.S. and foreign employees. Participation in these plans is based on certain eligibility requirements.  The Company matches the majority of employee contributions to the U.S. defined contribution plans with cash contributions up to a maximum of 5% of eligible compensation.  The Company provided matching contributions of approximately $4.2, $3.8 and $3.0 in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 
   
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
   
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.  Estimates are adjusted as new information becomes available.  The Company’s critical accounting policies and estimates are set forth below. The significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 of the Notes to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
 Revenue Recognition  - The Company’s primary source of revenues is from product sales to its customers.  Revenue from sales of the Company’s products is recognized at the time the goods are delivered, title passes and the risks and rewards of ownership pass to the customer, provided the earning process is complete and revenue is measurable.  Such recognition generally occurs when the products reach the shipping point, the sales price is fixed and determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. Delivery is determined by the Company’s shipping terms, which are primarily freight on board shipping point.  Revenue is recorded at the net amount to be received after deductions for estimated discounts, allowances and returns.  These estimates and reserves are determined and adjusted as needed based upon historical experience, contract terms and other related factors.  The shipping costs for the majority of the Company’s sales are paid directly by the Company’s customers.  In the broadband communications market (approximately 6% of net sales in 2015), the Company pays for shipping costs to the majority of its customers.  Shipping costs are also paid by the Company for certain customers in the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment.  Amounts billed to customers related to shipping costs are immaterial and are included in net sales.  Shipping costs incurred to transport products to the customer which are not reimbursed are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. 
   
 Inventories  - Inventories are stated at the lower of standard cost, which approximates average cost, or market. Provisions for slow-moving and obsolete inventory are made based on historical experience and product demand. Should future product demand change, existing inventory could become slow-moving or obsolete, and provisions would be increased accordingly. 
   
 Depreciable Assets  - Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. The appropriateness and the recoverability of the carrying value of such assets are periodically reviewed taking into consideration current and expected business conditions.  The Company has not recorded any significant impairments. 
   
 Goodwill  - Annually, the Company performs its evaluation for the impairment of goodwill for the Company’s two reporting units. The Company has defined its reporting units as the two reportable business segments “Interconnect Products and Assemblies” and “Cable Products and Solutions”, as the components of these reportable business segments have similar economic characteristics.  In 2015, the Company changed its annual assessment date for goodwill impairment to be as of July 1, rather than June 30, which had no impact on the outcome of the assessment. 
   
 In 2014, the Company utilized the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it was necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment assessment. In accordance with applicable guidance, an entity is not required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the Company determines, based on a qualitative assessment of events and circumstances, that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount.  The Company had determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting units was greater than their carrying amounts. 
   
 In 2015, the Company exercised its option to bypass the qualitative assessment, and in the third quarter, the Company performed the first step of the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for each reportable business segment.  As part of the quantitative assessment, the Company estimated the fair value of each of its reportable business segments using a market approach.  The Company believes this approach provides the best indicator of fair value, by utilizing market prices and other relevant metrics for comparable publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics and recent transactions of similar 
   
 23 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 businesses within the industry.  Significant estimates and assumptions were used in the Company’s goodwill impairment assessment including revenue and profitability projections, determination of appropriate publicly traded market comparison companies, and comparable revenue and earnings multiples derived from comparable publicly traded companies and from recent acquisitions within our industry.  As part of our quantitative approach, the Company evaluated whether there were reasonably likely changes to management’s estimates and assumptions that would have a material impact on the results of the goodwill impairment assessment.  As of July 1, 2015, we determined that the fair value of each of the Company’s reportable business segments was substantially in excess of their respective carrying amounts, and therefore, no goodwill impairment resulted from the assessment. 
   
 The Company has not recognized any goodwill impairment in 2015, 2014 or 2013 in connection with its annual impairment assessment. 
   
 Defined Benefit Plan Obligation  - The defined benefit plan obligation is based on significant assumptions such as mortality rates, discount rates and plan asset rates of return as determined by the Company in consultation with the respective benefit plan actuaries and investment advisors.  See Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
 Income Taxes  -  Deferred income taxes are provided for revenue and expenses which are recognized in different periods for income tax and financial statement reporting purposes.  At December 31, 2015, the cumulative amount of undistributed earnings of foreign affiliated companies was approximately $3,699.  Deferred income taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of foreign affiliated companies as it is the Company’s intention to reinvest these earnings permanently outside the U.S.  It is not practicable to estimate the amount of tax that might be payable if undistributed earnings were to be repatriated as there is a significant amount of uncertainty with respect to the tax impact of the remittance of these earnings due to the fact that dividends received from numerous foreign subsidiaries may generate additional foreign tax credits, which could ultimately reduce the U.S. tax cost of the dividend.  These uncertainties are further complicated by the significant number of foreign tax jurisdictions and entities involved.  Deferred tax assets are regularly assessed for recoverability based on both historical and anticipated earnings levels and a valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that these amounts will not be recovered. The tax effects of an uncertain tax position taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns are recognized only if it is “more likely than not” to be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on its technical merits as of the reporting date.  The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  The Company includes estimated interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. 
   
 24 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Disclosures about contractual obligations and commitments 
   
 The following table summarizes the Company’s known obligations to make future payments pursuant to certain contracts as of December 31, 2015, as well as an estimate of the timing in which such obligations are expected to be satisfied. 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Payment Due By Period      
 
            
 
 
 Contractual Obligations    (dollars in millions)      
 
        
 
 Total      
 
        
 
 Less than    1 year      
 
        
 
 1-3    years      
 
        
 
 3-5    years      
 
        
 
 More than    5 years      
 
            
 
 
 Debt (1)      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2,826.8      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,201.9      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 749.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 875.1      
 
            
 
 
 Interest related   to senior notes      
 
        
 
 280.9      
 
        
 
 56.7      
 
        
 
 107.5      
 
        
 
 65.0      
 
        
 
 51.7      
 
            
 
 
 Operating leases      
 
        
 
 118.4      
 
        
 
 36.9      
 
        
 
 46.1      
 
        
 
 22.5      
 
        
 
 12.9      
 
            
 
 
 Purchase   obligations      
 
        
 
 198.0      
 
        
 
 186.5      
 
        
 
 11.4      
 
        
 
 0.1      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Accrued pension   and post-employment benefit obligations (2)      
 
        
 
 47.2      
 
        
 
 6.5      
 
        
 
 10.1      
 
        
 
 9.7      
 
        
 
 20.9      
 
            
 
 
 Total (3)      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 3,471.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 286.9      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,377.0      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 846.8      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 960.6      
 
               
   
 
 (1)           The Company has excluded expected interest payments on the Revolving Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program from the above table, as this calculation is largely dependent on average debt levels the Company expects to have during each of the years presented.  The actual interest payments made related to the Company’s Revolving Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program in 2015 were $6.2.  Expected debt levels, and therefore expected interest payments, are difficult to predict, as they are significantly impacted by such items as future acquisitions, repurchases of treasury stock, dividend payments as well as payments or additional borrowings made to reduce or increase the underlying revolver balance. 
   
 (2)           Included in this table are estimated benefit payments expected to be made under the Company’s unfunded pension and post-retirement benefit plans. The Company also maintains several funded pension and post-retirement benefit plans, the most significant of which covers its U.S. employees. Over the past several years, there has been no minimum requirement for Company contributions to the U.S. Plans due to prior contributions made in excess of minimum requirements and as a result, there was no anticipated minimum required contribution included in the table above related to the U.S. Plans for 2016.  However, the Company did make a voluntary contribution to the U.S. Plans of approximately $15.0 in 2015 and anticipates making a similar voluntary contribution in 2016.  It is not possible to reasonably estimate expected required contributions in the above table after 2016 since several assumptions are required to calculate minimum required contributions, such as the discount rate and expected returns on pension assets. 
   
 (3)           As of December 31, 2015, the Company has non-current liabilities of approximately $20.6 recognized in accordance with the  Income Taxes  topic of the Accounting Standards Codification.  These liabilities have been excluded from the above table due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of potential future cash flows; it is difficult to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which all of these liabilities might be paid. 
   
 25 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
   
 The Company, in the normal course of doing business, is exposed to a variety of risks, including market risks associated with foreign currency exchange rates and changes in interest rates. 
   
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
   
 The Company conducts business in many international currencies through its worldwide operations, and as  a result is subject to foreign exchange exposure due to changes in exchange rates of the various currencies. Changes in exchange rates can positively or negatively affect the Company’s sales, gross margins and equity. The Company attempts to minimize currency exposure risk in a number of ways including producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold, thereby generating revenues and incurring expenses in the same currency, cost reduction and pricing actions, and working capital management.  However, there can be no assurance that these actions will be fully effective in managing currency risk, especially in the event of a significant and sudden decline in the value of any of the international currencies of the Company’s worldwide operations. 
   
 As of December 31, 2015, the Company had six forward contracts of varying amounts that effectively fixed Euro, Great Britain Pound and Korean Won intercompany debt obligations into fixed Hong Kong dollar denominated obligations expiring at various times through 2017 concurrent with the underlying intercompany loans.  The fair value of the contracts at December 31, 2015 resulted in a net asset of $3.3. A 10% change in foreign currency exchange rates at December 31, 2015 would not have a material effect on the value of the hedges. The Company does not engage in purchasing forward exchange contracts for trading or speculative purposes. 
   
 Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of derivative financial instruments. 
   
 Interest Rate Risk 
   
 The Company is subject to market risk from exposure to changes in interest rates based on the Company’s financing activities.  The Company manages its exposure to interest rate risk through a mix of fixed and variable rate debt.  In 2014, the Company issued $750.0 principal amount of unsecured 2.55% senior notes due January 2019, $375.0 principal amount of unsecured 1.55% senior notes due September 2017 and $375.0 principal amount of unsecured 3.125% senior notes due September 2021.  The Company used all of the net proceeds to repay the outstanding $600.0 million 4.75% senior notes that were due in November 2014 and to repay amounts outstanding under its Revolving Credit Facility and credit facilities, which reduced the Company’s interest expense. 
   
 Any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program either bear interest at or trade at rates that fluctuate with a spread over LIBOR.  Therefore, when the Company borrows under these debt instruments, the Company is exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates.  As of December 31, 2015, $828.9, or 29% of the Company’s outstanding borrowings, related mainly to its Commercial Paper Program, were subject to floating interest rates, primarily due to changes in LIBOR.  At December 31, 2015, the Company’s average LIBOR rate was 0.88%.  A 10% change in the LIBOR interest rate at December 31, 2015 would not have a material effect on interest expense.  The Company does not expect changes in interest rates to have a material effect on income or cash flows in 2016, although there can be no assurances that interest rates will not change significantly. 
   
 26 
 
 
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
 Amphenol Corporation 
 Wallingford, Connecticut 
   
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Amphenol Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flow for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15.  We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company’s management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. 
   
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
   
 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company’s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
   
 Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
   
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Amphenol Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on the criteria established in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
   
 /s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
   
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 February 19, 2016 
   
 27 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (dollars and shares in millions, except per share data) 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Year Ended December 31,      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Net sales      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 5,568.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 5,345.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 4,614.7      
 
            
 
 
 Cost of sales      
 
        
 
 3,789.2      
 
        
 
 3,651.7      
 
        
 
 3,163.9      
 
            
 
 
 Gross profit      
 
        
 
 1,779.5      
 
        
 
 1,693.8      
 
        
 
 1,450.8      
 
            
 
 
 Acquisition-related   expenses      
 
        
 
 5.7      
 
        
 
 14.1      
 
        
 
 6.0      
 
            
 
 
 Selling, general   and administrative expenses      
 
        
 
 669.1      
 
        
 
 645.1      
 
        
 
 548.0      
 
            
 
 
 Operating income      
 
        
 
 1,104.7      
 
        
 
 1,034.6      
 
        
 
 896.8      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Interest expense      
 
        
 
 (68.3      
 
 )      
 
 (80.4      
 
 )      
 
 (63.6      
 
 )          
 
 
 Other income,   net      
 
        
 
 16.4      
 
        
 
 18.3      
 
        
 
 13.4      
 
            
 
 
 Income before   income taxes      
 
        
 
 1,052.8      
 
        
 
 972.5      
 
        
 
 846.6      
 
            
 
 
 Provision for   income taxes      
 
        
 
 (280.5      
 
 )      
 
 (257.3      
 
 )      
 
 (207.9      
 
 )          
 
 
 Net income      
 
        
 
 772.3      
 
        
 
 715.2      
 
        
 
 638.7      
 
            
 
 
 Less: Net income   attributable to noncontrolling interests      
 
        
 
 (8.8      
 
 )      
 
 (6.1      
 
 )      
 
 (3.0      
 
 )          
 
 
 Net income   attributable to Amphenol Corporation      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 763.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 709.1      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 635.7      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Net income per   common share — Basic      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2.47      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2.26      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2.00      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Weighted average   common shares outstanding — Basic      
 
        
 
 309.1      
 
        
 
 313.1      
 
        
 
 318.2      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Net income per   common share — Diluted      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2.41      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2.21      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1.96      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Weighted average   common shares outstanding — Diluted      
 
        
 
 316.5      
 
        
 
 320.4      
 
        
 
 324.5      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Dividends   declared per common share      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.53      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.45      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.305      
 
               
   
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
   
 28 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (dollars in millions) 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Year Ended December 31,      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Net income      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 772.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 715.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 638.7      
 
            
 
 
 Total other   comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Foreign currency   translation adjustments      
 
        
 
 (152.7      
 
 )      
 
 (80.9      
 
 )      
 
 9.8      
 
            
 
 
 Unrealized loss   on cash flow hedges      
 
        
 
 (0.4      
 
 )      
 
 (1.2      
 
 )      
 
 (0.3      
 
 )          
 
 
 Purchase of   non-controlling interest      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 0.3      
 
            
 
 
 Defined benefit   plan liability adjustment      
 
        
 
 8.2      
 
        
 
 (69.2      
 
 )      
 
 52.7      
 
            
 
 
 Total other   comprehensive income (loss), net of tax      
 
        
 
 (144.9      
 
 )      
 
 (151.3      
 
 )      
 
 62.5      
 
            
 
 
 Total   comprehensive income      
 
        
 
 627.4      
 
        
 
 563.9      
 
        
 
 701.2      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Less:   Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests      
 
        
 
 (7.6      
 
 )      
 
 (5.6      
 
 )      
 
 (3.5      
 
 )          
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Comprehensive   income attributable to Amphenol Corporation      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 619.8      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 558.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 697.7      
 
               
   
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
   
 29 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (dollars and shares in millions, except per share data) 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 December 31,      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
            
 
 
 Assets      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Current Assets:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Cash and cash   equivalents      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,737.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 968.9      
 
            
 
 
 Short-term   investments      
 
        
 
 23.2      
 
        
 
 360.7      
 
            
 
 
 Total cash, cash   equivalents and short-term investments      
 
        
 
 1,760.4      
 
        
 
 1,329.6      
 
            
 
 
 Accounts   receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $25.6 and $20.2,   respectively      
 
        
 
 1,104.6      
 
        
 
 1,123.7      
 
            
 
 
 Inventories:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Raw materials   and supplies      
 
        
 
 282.4      
 
        
 
 299.4      
 
            
 
 
 Work in process      
 
        
 
 290.5      
 
        
 
 282.8      
 
            
 
 
 Finished goods      
 
        
 
 278.9      
 
        
 
 283.4      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 851.8      
 
        
 
 865.6      
 
            
 
 
 Other current   assets      
 
        
 
 133.2      
 
        
 
 133.3      
 
            
 
 
 Total current   assets      
 
        
 
 3,850.0      
 
        
 
 3,452.2      
 
            
 
 
 Land and   depreciable assets:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Land      
 
        
 
 25.9      
 
        
 
 25.5      
 
            
 
 
 Buildings and   improvements      
 
        
 
 254.9      
 
        
 
 241.9      
 
            
 
 
 Machinery and   equipment      
 
        
 
 1,229.6      
 
        
 
 1,172.9      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 1,510.4      
 
        
 
 1,440.3      
 
            
 
 
 Accumulated   depreciation      
 
        
 
 (900.9      
 
 )      
 
 (849.6      
 
 )          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 609.5      
 
        
 
 590.7      
 
            
 
 
 Goodwill      
 
        
 
 2,692.9      
 
        
 
 2,616.7      
 
            
 
 
 Intangibles and   other long-term assets      
 
        
 
 306.0      
 
        
 
 326.3      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 $      
 
 7,458.4      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 6,985.9      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Liabilities &   Equity      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Current   Liabilities:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Accounts payable      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 587.8      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 618.4      
 
            
 
 
 Accrued   salaries, wages and employee benefits      
 
        
 
 105.6      
 
        
 
 109.9      
 
            
 
 
 Accrued income   taxes      
 
        
 
 81.8      
 
        
 
 90.8      
 
            
 
 
 Accrued   dividends      
 
        
 
 43.2      
 
        
 
 38.7      
 
            
 
 
 Other accrued   expenses      
 
        
 
 189.7      
 
        
 
 186.2      
 
            
 
 
 Current portion   of long-term debt      
 
        
 
 0.3      
 
        
 
 1.6      
 
            
 
 
 Total current   liabilities      
 
        
 
 1,008.4      
 
        
 
 1,045.6      
 
            
 
 
 Long-term debt,   less current portion      
 
        
 
 2,813.2      
 
        
 
 2,654.6      
 
            
 
 
 Accrued pension   benefit obligations and other long-term liabilities      
 
        
 
 358.4      
 
        
 
 347.8      
 
            
 
 
 Commitments and   contingent liabilities      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Equity:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Class A   Common Stock, $.001 par value; 1,000.0 and 500.0 shares authorized at   December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively; 308.0 and 309.9 shares   issued and outstanding at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively      
 
        
 
 0.3      
 
        
 
 0.3      
 
            
 
 
 Additional   paid-in capital      
 
        
 
 783.3      
 
        
 
 659.4      
 
            
 
 
 Retained   earnings      
 
        
 
 2,804.4      
 
        
 
 2,453.5      
 
            
 
 
 Accumulated   other comprehensive loss      
 
        
 
 (349.5      
 
 )      
 
 (205.8      
 
 )          
 
 
 Total   shareholders’ equity attributable to Amphenol Corporation      
 
        
 
 3,238.5      
 
        
 
 2,907.4      
 
            
 
 
 Noncontrolling   interests      
 
        
 
 39.9      
 
        
 
 30.5      
 
            
 
 
 Total equity      
 
        
 
 3,278.4      
 
        
 
 2,937.9      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 $      
 
 7,458.4      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 6,985.9      
 
               
   
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
   
 30 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (dollars and shares in millions) 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 Accumulated      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 Additional      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 Other      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Common Stock      
 
        
 
 Paid-in      
 
        
 
 Retained      
 
        
 
 Comprehensive      
 
        
 
 Treasury      
 
        
 
 Noncontrolling      
 
        
 
 Total      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Shares      
 
        
 
 Amount      
 
        
 
 Capital      
 
        
 
 Earnings      
 
        
 
 Loss      
 
        
 
 Stock      
 
        
 
 Interests      
 
        
 
 Equity      
 
            
 
 
 Balance   January 1, 2013      
 
        
 
 320      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 336.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2,210.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 (117.0      
 
 )      
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 12.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2,442.2      
 
            
 
 
 Net income      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 635.7      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 3.0      
 
        
 
 638.7      
 
            
 
 
 Other   comprehensive income      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 61.7      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 0.5      
 
        
 
 62.2      
 
            
 
 
 Purchase of   noncontrolling interests      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 0.7      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 0.3      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (1.0      
 
 )      
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Acquisitions resulting   in noncontrolling interests      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 10.3      
 
        
 
 10.3      
 
            
 
 
 Distributions to   shareholders of noncontrolling interests      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (4.4      
 
 )      
 
 (4.4      
 
 )          
 
 
 Purchase of   treasury stock      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (324.7      
 
 )      
 
        
 
        
 
 (324.7      
 
 )          
 
 
 Retirement of   treasury stock      
 
        
 
 (9      
 
 )      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (324.7      
 
 )      
 
        
 
        
 
 324.7      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Stock options   exercised, including tax benefit      
 
        
 
 5      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 116.5      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 116.5      
 
            
 
 
 Dividends   declared ($0.305 per common share)      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (96.8      
 
 )      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (96.8      
 
 )          
 
 
 Stock-based   compensation expense      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 36.1      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 36.1      
 
            
 
 
 Balance   December 31, 2013      
 
        
 
 316      
 
        
 
 0.3      
 
        
 
 489.8      
 
        
 
 2,424.4      
 
        
 
 (55.0      
 
 )      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 20.6      
 
        
 
 2,880.1      
 
            
 
 
 Net income      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 709.1      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 6.1      
 
        
 
 715.2      
 
            
 
 
 Other   comprehensive loss      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (150.8      
 
 )      
 
        
 
        
 
 (0.5      
 
 )      
 
 (151.3      
 
 )          
 
 
 Acquisitions   resulting in noncontrolling interests      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 7.9      
 
        
 
 7.9      
 
            
 
 
 Distributions to   shareholders of noncontrolling interests      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (3.6      
 
 )      
 
 (3.6      
 
 )          
 
 
 Purchase of   treasury stock      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (539.4      
 
 )      
 
        
 
        
 
 (539.4      
 
 )          
 
 
 Retirement of   treasury stock      
 
        
 
 (11      
 
 )      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (539.4      
 
 )      
 
        
 
        
 
 539.4      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Stock options   exercised, including tax benefit      
 
        
 
 5      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 128.2      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 128.2      
 
            
 
 
 Dividends   declared ($0.45 per common share)      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (140.6      
 
 )      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (140.6      
 
 )          
 
 
 Stock-based   compensation expense      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 41.4      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 41.4      
 
            
 
 
 Balance   December 31, 2014      
 
        
 
 310      
 
        
 
 0.3      
 
        
 
 659.4      
 
        
 
 2,453.5      
 
        
 
 (205.8      
 
 )      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 30.5      
 
        
 
 2,937.9      
 
            
 
 
 Net income      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 763.5      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 8.8      
 
        
 
 772.3      
 
            
 
 
 Other   comprehensive loss      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (143.7      
 
 )      
 
        
 
        
 
 (1.2      
 
 )      
 
 (144.9      
 
 )          
 
 
 Acquisitions   resulting in noncontrolling interests      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 7.9      
 
        
 
 7.9      
 
            
 
 
 Distributions to   shareholders of noncontrolling interests      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (6.1      
 
 )      
 
 (6.1      
 
 )          
 
 
 Purchase of   treasury stock      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (248.9      
 
 )      
 
        
 
        
 
 (248.9      
 
 )          
 
 
 Retirement of   treasury stock      
 
        
 
 (5      
 
 )      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (248.9      
 
 )      
 
        
 
        
 
 248.9      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Stock options   exercised, including tax benefit      
 
        
 
 3      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 79.7      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 79.7      
 
            
 
 
 Dividends   declared ($0.53 per common share)      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (163.7      
 
 )      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (163.7      
 
 )          
 
 
 Stock-based   compensation expense      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 44.2      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 44.2      
 
            
 
 
 Balance   December 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 308      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 783.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2,804.4      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 (349.5      
 
 )      
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 39.9      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 3,278.4      
 
               
   
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
   
 31 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow 
 (dollars in millions) 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Year Ended December 31,      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
 Cash from   operating activities:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Net income      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 772.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 715.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 638.7      
 
            
 
 
 Adjustments to   reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Depreciation and   amortization      
 
        
 
 171.6      
 
        
 
 168.1      
 
        
 
 136.5      
 
            
 
 
 Stock-based   compensation expense      
 
        
 
 44.2      
 
        
 
 41.4      
 
        
 
 36.1      
 
            
 
 
 Excess tax   benefits from stock-based compensation payment arrangements      
 
        
 
 (16.2      
 
 )      
 
 (32.3      
 
 )      
 
 (21.0      
 
 )          
 
 
 Net change in   operating assets and liabilities:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Accounts   receivable, net      
 
        
 
 (22.3      
 
 )      
 
 (111.5      
 
 )      
 
 (37.1      
 
 )          
 
 
 Inventories      
 
        
 
 (5.2      
 
 )      
 
 (51.6      
 
 )      
 
 (8.0      
 
 )          
 
 
 Other current   assets      
 
        
 
 47.7      
 
        
 
 (10.0      
 
 )      
 
 (18.4      
 
 )          
 
 
 Accounts payable      
 
        
 
 (17.5      
 
 )      
 
 66.8      
 
        
 
 6.9      
 
            
 
 
 Accrued income   taxes      
 
        
 
 16.5      
 
        
 
 38.1      
 
        
 
 30.8      
 
            
 
 
 Other accrued liabilities      
 
        
 
 27.7      
 
        
 
 49.2      
 
        
 
 (0.6      
 
 )          
 
 
 Accrued pension   and post-employment benefits      
 
        
 
 8.7      
 
        
 
 (1.5      
 
 )      
 
 8.5      
 
            
 
 
 Other long-term   assets      
 
        
 
 4.3      
 
        
 
 8.8      
 
        
 
 (1.6      
 
 )          
 
 
 Other      
 
        
 
 (1.3      
 
 )      
 
 0.2      
 
        
 
 (1.7      
 
 )          
 
 
 Net cash   provided by operating activities      
 
        
 
 1,030.5      
 
        
 
 880.9      
 
        
 
 769.1      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Cash from   investing activities:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Purchases of   land and depreciable assets      
 
        
 
 (172.1      
 
 )      
 
 (209.1      
 
 )      
 
 (158.4      
 
 )          
 
 
 Proceeds from   disposal of land and depreciable assets      
 
        
 
 8.7      
 
        
 
 5.6      
 
        
 
 3.7      
 
            
 
 
 Purchases of   short-term investments      
 
        
 
 (134.7      
 
 )      
 
 (721.0      
 
 )      
 
 (741.1      
 
 )          
 
 
 Sales and   maturities of short-term investments      
 
        
 
 470.6      
 
        
 
 660.8      
 
        
 
 687.4      
 
            
 
 
 Acquisitions,   net of cash acquired      
 
        
 
 (199.8      
 
 )      
 
 (518.2      
 
 )      
 
 (484.9      
 
 )          
 
 
 Net cash used in   investing activities      
 
        
 
 (27.3      
 
 )      
 
 (781.9      
 
 )      
 
 (693.3      
 
 )          
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Cash from   financing activities:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Proceeds from   issuance of senior notes      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 1,498.1      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Long-term   borrowings under credit facilities      
 
        
 
 132.6      
 
        
 
 806.5      
 
        
 
 1,041.4      
 
            
 
 
 Repayments of   long-term debt      
 
        
 
 (217.7      
 
 )      
 
 (2,350.0      
 
 )      
 
 (620.3      
 
 )          
 
 
 Borrowings under   commercial paper program, net      
 
        
 
 238.7      
 
        
 
 585.4      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Payment of costs   related to debt financing      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (11.1      
 
 )      
 
 (2.8      
 
 )          
 
 
 Purchase and   retirement of treasury stock      
 
        
 
 (248.9      
 
 )      
 
 (539.4      
 
 )      
 
 (324.7      
 
 )          
 
 
 Proceeds from   exercise of stock options      
 
        
 
 64.4      
 
        
 
 97.8      
 
        
 
 95.1      
 
            
 
 
 Excess tax   benefits from stock-based compensation payment arrangements      
 
        
 
 16.2      
 
        
 
 32.3      
 
        
 
 21.0      
 
            
 
 
 Distributions to   and purchases of noncontrolling interests      
 
        
 
 (6.1      
 
 )      
 
 (3.6      
 
 )      
 
 (4.4      
 
 )          
 
 
 Dividend   payments      
 
        
 
 (159.3      
 
 )      
 
 (101.9      
 
 )      
 
 (96.8      
 
 )          
 
 
 Net cash (used   in) provided by financing activities      
 
        
 
 (180.1      
 
 )      
 
 14.1      
 
        
 
 108.5      
 
            
 
 
 Effect of   exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents      
 
        
 
 (54.8      
 
 )      
 
 (31.0      
 
 )      
 
 11.7      
 
            
 
 
 Net change in   cash and cash equivalents      
 
        
 
 768.3      
 
        
 
 82.1      
 
        
 
 196.0      
 
            
 
 
 Cash and cash   equivalents balance, beginning of year      
 
        
 
 968.9      
 
        
 
 886.8      
 
        
 
 690.8      
 
            
 
 
 Cash and cash   equivalents balance, end of year      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,737.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 968.9      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 886.8      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Cash paid during   the year for:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Interest      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 64.1      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 67.4      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 60.4      
 
            
 
 
 Income taxes      
 
        
 
 250.7      
 
        
 
 209.6      
 
        
 
 176.8      
 
               
   
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
   
 32 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in millions, except per share data) 
   
 Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
   
 Business 
   
 Amphenol Corporation (together with its subsidiaries, “Amphenol” or the “Company”) is one of the world’s largest designers, manufacturers and marketers of electrical, electronic and fiber optic connectors, interconnect systems, antennas, sensors and sensor-based products and coaxial and high-speed specialty cable. The Company sells its products to customer locations worldwide. 
   
 The Company operates through two reportable business segments: 
   
 ·                    Interconnect Products and Assemblies  - The Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment primarily designs, manufacturers and markets a broad range of connector and connector systems, value-add products and other products, including antennas and sensors, used in a broad range of applications in a diverse set of end markets. 
   
 ·                    Cable Products and Solutions  - The Cable Products and Solutions segment primarily designs, manufacturers and markets cable, value-added products and components for use primarily in the broadband communications and information technology markets as well as certain applications in other markets. 
   
 Use of Estimates 
   
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates and assumptions made by management include the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities, stock-based compensation, pension obligations, derivative instruments, income taxes, inventories, goodwill and other matters that affect the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  All normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been included. 
   
 Principles of Consolidation 
   
 The consolidated financial statements are prepared in United States dollars (U.S. dollars) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries.  All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The results of companies acquired are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements from the effective date of acquisition. 
   
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
   
 Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and liquid investments with an original maturity of less than three months. The carrying amounts approximate fair values of those instruments, the majority of which are in non-U.S. bank accounts. 
   
 Short-term Investments 
   
 Short-term investments consist primarily of certificates of deposit with original maturities of twelve months or less. The carrying amounts approximate fair values of those instruments, the majority of which are in non-U.S. bank accounts. 
   
 Accounts Receivable 
   
 Accounts receivable is stated at net realizable value. The Company regularly reviews accounts receivable balances and adjusts the receivable reserves as necessary whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. 
   
 33 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Inventories 
   
 Inventories are stated at the lower of standard cost, which approximates average cost, or market. The principal components of cost included in inventories are materials, direct labor and manufacturing overhead. The Company regularly reviews inventory quantities on hand and evaluates the realizability of inventories and adjusts the carrying value as necessary based on forecasted product demand. 
   
 Depreciable Assets 
   
 Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is recorded on a straight-line basis over the respective asset lives determined on a composite basis by asset group or on a specific item basis using the estimated useful lives of such assets, which range from 3 to 12 years for machinery and equipment and 20 to 40 years for buildings. Leasehold building improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term or estimated useful life. The Company periodically reviews fixed asset lives. Depreciation expense is included in both Cost of sales and Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income based on the specific categorization and use of the underlying asset being depreciated. The Company assesses the impairment of property and equipment subject to depreciation, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors the Company considers important, which could trigger an impairment review, include significant changes in the manner of the use of the asset, significant changes in historical trends in operating performance, significant changes in projected operating performance, and significant negative economic trends. There have been no significant impairments recorded as a result of such reviews during any of the periods presented. 
   
 Goodwill 
   
 Annually, the Company performs its evaluation for the impairment of goodwill for the Company’s two reporting units. The Company has defined its reporting units as the two reportable business segments “Interconnect Products and Assemblies” and “Cable Products and Solutions”, as the components of these reportable business segments have similar economic characteristics.  In 2015, the Company changed its annual assessment date for goodwill impairment to be as of July 1, rather than June 30, which had no impact on the outcome of the assessment. 
   
 In 2014, the Company utilized the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it was necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment assessment. In accordance with applicable guidance, an entity is not required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the Company determines, based on a qualitative assessment of events and circumstances, that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount.  The Company determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting units was greater than their carrying amounts. 
   
 In 2015, the Company exercised its option to bypass the qualitative assessment, and in the third quarter, the Company performed the first step of the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for each reportable business segment.  As part of the quantitative assessment, the Company estimated the fair value of each of its reportable business segments using a market approach.  The Company believes this approach provides the best indicator of fair value, by utilizing market prices and other relevant metrics for comparable publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics and recent transactions of similar businesses within the industry.  Significant estimates and assumptions were used in the Company’s goodwill impairment assessment including revenue and profitability projections, determination of appropriate publicly traded market comparison companies, and comparable revenue and earnings multiples derived from comparable publicly traded companies and from recent acquisitions within our industry.  As part of our quantitative approach, the Company evaluated whether there were reasonably likely changes to management’s estimates and assumptions that would have a material impact on the results of the goodwill impairment assessment.  As of July 1, 2015, we determined that the fair value of each of the Company’s reportable business segments was substantially in excess of their respective carrying amounts, and therefore, no goodwill impairment resulted from the assessment.  The Company has not recognized any goodwill impairment in 2015, 2014 or 2013 in connection with its annual impairment assessment. 
   
 Intangible  Assets 
   
 Intangible assets are included in Intangibles and other long-term assets and consist primarily of proprietary technology, customer relationships and license agreements and are generally amortized over the estimated periods of benefit. The Company assesses the impairment of long-lived assets, other than goodwill, including identifiable intangible assets subject to amortization, whenever significant events or significant changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors the Company considers important, which could trigger an impairment review, include significant changes in the manner of the use of the asset, changes in historical trends in operating performance, significant changes in projected operating performance,  anticipated future cash flows  and significant negative economic trends. There have been no impairments recorded in 2015, 2014 or 2013 as a result of such reviews. 
   
 34 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Revenue Recognition 
   
 The Company’s primary source of revenues is from product sales to its customers. Revenue from sales of the Company’s products is recognized at the time the goods are delivered, title passes, and the risks and rewards of ownership pass to the customer, provided the earning process is complete and revenue is measurable.  Such recognition generally occurs when the products reach the shipping point, the sales price is fixed and determinable, and collection is reasonably assured.  Delivery is determined by the Company’s shipping terms, which are primarily freight on board (“FOB”) shipping point. Revenue is recorded at the net amount to be received after deductions for estimated discounts, allowances and returns. These estimates and related reserves are determined and adjusted as needed based upon historical experience, contract terms and other related factors. 
   
 The shipping costs for the majority of the Company’s sales are paid directly by the Company’s customers. In the broadband communications market (approximately 6% of net sales in 2015), the Company pays for shipping costs to the majority of its customers. Shipping costs are also paid by the Company for certain customers in the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment. Amounts billed to customers related to shipping costs are immaterial and are included in net sales. Shipping costs incurred to transport products to the customer which are not reimbursed are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. 
   
 Retirement Pension Plans 
   
 Costs for retirement pension plans include current service costs and amortization of prior service costs over the average working life expectancy. It is the Company’s policy to fund current pension costs taking into consideration minimum funding requirements and maximum tax deductible limitations. The expense of retiree medical benefit programs is recognized during the employees’ service with the Company. The recognition of expense for retirement pension plans and medical benefit programs is significantly impacted by estimates made by management such as discount rates used to value certain liabilities, expected return on assets, mortality projections and future health care costs. The Company uses third-party specialists to assist management in appropriately measuring the expense and obligations associated with pension and other post-retirement plan benefits. 
   
 Stock-Based Compensation 
   
 The Company accounts for its stock option and restricted share awards based on the fair value of the award at the date of grant and recognizes compensation expense over the service period that the awards are expected to vest. The Company recognizes expense for stock-based compensation with graded vesting on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the entire award. Stock-based compensation expense includes the estimated effects of forfeitures, and estimates of forfeitures are adjusted over the requisite service period to the extent actual forfeitures differ, or are expected to differ from such estimates.  Changes in estimated forfeitures are recognized in the period of change and also impact the amount of expense to be recognized in future periods. The Company’s income before income taxes was reduced by $44.2 ($32.9 after tax), $41.4 ($30.3 after tax) and $36.1 ($26.4 after tax) for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, related to the expense incurred for stock-based compensation plans, which is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. 
   
 The fair value of stock options has been estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
 Risk free   interest rate      
 
        
 
 1.4%      
 
        
 
 1.6%      
 
        
 
 0.9%      
 
            
 
 
 Expected life      
 
        
 
 4.6 years      
 
        
 
 4.6 years      
 
        
 
 4.6 years      
 
            
 
 
 Expected   volatility      
 
        
 
 17.0%      
 
        
 
 21.0%      
 
        
 
 28.0%      
 
            
 
 
 Expected dividend   yield      
 
        
 
 1.0%      
 
        
 
 1.0%      
 
        
 
 1.0%      
 
               
   
 Income Taxes 
   
 Deferred income taxes are provided for revenue and expenses which are recognized in different periods for income tax and financial statement reporting purposes.  At December 31, 2015, the cumulative amount of undistributed earnings of foreign affiliated companies was approximately $3,699.  Deferred income taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of foreign affiliated companies as it is the Company’s intention to reinvest these earnings permanently outside the U.S.  It is not practicable to estimate the amount of tax that might be payable if undistributed earnings were to be repatriated as there is a significant amount of uncertainty with respect to the tax impact of the remittance of these earnings due to the fact that dividends received from numerous foreign subsidiaries may generate additional foreign tax credits, which could ultimately reduce the U.S. tax cost of the dividend.  These uncertainties are further complicated by the significant number of foreign tax jurisdictions and entities involved.  Deferred tax assets are regularly assessed for recoverability based on both historical and anticipated earnings levels and a valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that these amounts will not be recovered. The tax effects of an uncertain tax position taken or expected to be 
   
 35 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 taken in income tax returns are recognized only if it is “more likely than not” to be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on its technical merits as of the reporting date.  The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  The Company includes estimated interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. 
   
 Foreign Currency Translation 
   
 The financial position and results of operations of the Company’s significant foreign subsidiaries are measured using local currency as the functional currency. Assets and liabilities of such subsidiaries have been translated into U.S. dollars at current exchange rates and related revenues and expenses have been translated at weighted average exchange rates. The aggregate effect of translation adjustments is included as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within equity. 
   
 Transaction gains and losses related to operating assets and liabilities are included in Cost of sales. 
   
 Research and Development 
   
 Costs incurred in connection with the development of new products and applications are expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses for the creation of new and improved products and processes were $124.7, $114.8 and $103.4, for the years 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. 
   
 Acquisitions 
   
 The Company accounts for acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at fair value as of the acquisition date.  The purchase price of acquisitions is allocated to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values, and any excess purchase price over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill.  The Company may use independent valuation specialists to assist in determining the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which could require certain significant management assumptions and estimates. 
   
 Environmental Obligations 
   
 The Company recognizes the potential cost for environmental remediation activities when site assessments are made, remediation efforts are probable and related amounts can be reasonably estimated; potential insurance reimbursements are not recorded. The Company assesses its environmental liabilities as necessary and appropriate through regular reviews of contractual commitments, site assessments, feasibility studies and formal remedial design and action plans. 
   
 Net Income per Common Share 
   
 Basic income per common share is based on the net income attributable to Amphenol Corporation for the year divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted income per common share assumes the exercise of outstanding dilutive stock options using the treasury stock method. 
   
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
   
 Derivative financial instruments, which are periodically used by the Company in the management of its interest rate and foreign currency exposures, are accounted for as cash flow hedges.  Gains and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges resulting from changes in fair value are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), and subsequently reflected in Cost of sales in the Consolidated Statements of Income in a manner that matches the timing of the actual income or expense of such instruments with the hedged transaction. Any ineffective portion of the change in the fair value of designated hedging instruments is included in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
   
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
   
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the “FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (“ASU 2014-09”), which stipulates that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for such goods or services.  To achieve this core principle, an entity should apply the following steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract(s); (3) determine the transaction price(s); 
   
 36 
 
 
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 (4) allocate the transaction price(s) to the performance obligations in the contract(s); and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The guidance also requires advanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from an entity’s contracts with customers.  ASU 2014-09 was originally effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption not permitted.  In August 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):  Deferral of the Effective Date  (“ASU 2015-14”), which defers the effective date of FASB’s revenue standard under ASU 2014-09 by one year for all entities and permits early adoption on a limited basis.  As a result of ASU 2015-14, the guidance under ASU 2014-09 shall apply for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that period.  Early adoption is permitted as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within those annual periods.  The Company is currently evaluating ASU 2014-09 and does not anticipate a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
   
 In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  (“ASU 2014-15”), amending FASB Accounting Standards Subtopic 205-40 to provide guidance about management’s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity’s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term “substantial doubt,” (2) require an evaluation every reporting period, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management’s plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management’s plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that financial statements are issued. ASU 2014-15 is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. The Company is currently evaluating ASU 2014-15 and does not anticipate a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
   
 In April 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  (“ASU 2015-03”), which specifies that debt issuance costs related to a note shall be reported on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the face amount of that note and that amortization of debt issuance costs shall be reported as interest expense.  ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015 and should be applied retrospectively with early adoption permitted.  The Company elected to early adopt ASU 2015-03 in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2014 has been retrospectively reclassified to conform to the new presentation.  The adoption of ASU 2015-03 had no impact other than on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as presented below.  Refer to Reclassifications section below within this Note 1 for a summary of the impact of this adoption. 
   
 In July 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  (“ASU 2015-11”), which requires inventory to be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value, thereby simplifying the current guidance of measuring inventory at the lower of cost or market.  ASU 2015-11 is effective prospectively for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016.  The Company is currently evaluating ASU 2015-11 and does not believe this ASU will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
   
 In September 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-16,  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments  (“ASU 2015-16”), which eliminates the requirement to restate prior period financial statements for measurement period adjustments.  Rather, ASU 2015-16 requires that the cumulative impact of a measurement period adjustment (including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment is identified.  ASU 2015-16 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted.  T he Company elected to early adopt ASU 2015-16 in the third quarter of 2015, which did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.  Any future measurement period adjustments will be recorded in the period identified in accordance with this ASU. 
   
 In November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  (“ASU 2015-17”), which simplifies the presentation of deferred taxes by requiring that all deferred tax assets and liabilities, including related valuation allowances, be classified as non-current on the balance sheet.  Under ASU 2015-17, each tax-paying  component of the entity within a particular  jurisdiction will now have only one net non-current deferred tax asset or liability.  ASU 2015-17 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, may be applied retrospectively or prospectively, with early adoption permitted.  The Company elected to early adopt ASU 2015-17 in the fourth quarter of 2015 using the retrospective method and therefore, the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2014 has been retrospectively reclassified.  The adoption of ASU 2015-17 had no impact other than on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as presented below. Refer to Reclassifications section below for a summary of the impact of this adoption.   
   
 37 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Reclassifications 
   
 The following table summarizes the impact of the adoption of the new accounting standards described above on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2014: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 As Previously    Reported      
 
        
 
 Impact of    ASU 2015-03      
 
        
 
 Impact of    ASU 2015-17      
 
        
 
 As    Retrospectively    Reclassified      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Other current   assets      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 185.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 (51.9      
 
 )      
 
 $      
 
 133.3      
 
            
 
 
 Intangibles and   other long-term assets      
 
        
 
 315.5      
 
        
 
 (17.7      
 
 )      
 
 28.5      
 
        
 
 326.3      
 
            
 
 
 Total assets      
 
        
 
 7,027.0      
 
        
 
 (17.7      
 
 )      
 
 (23.4      
 
 )      
 
 6,985.9      
 
            
 
 
 Long-term debt,   less current portion      
 
        
 
 2,672.3      
 
        
 
 (17.7      
 
 )      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 2,654.6      
 
            
 
 
 Accrued pension   benefit obligations and other long-term liabilities      
 
        
 
 371.2      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (23.4      
 
 )      
 
 347.8      
 
            
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
   
 In 2015, the Company changed the reporting for borrowings and repayments related to the Company’s commercial paper program from a gross basis to a net basis in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow, to the extent such borrowings under this program have maturities that are three months or less.  The Company has reclassified the prior period balances to reflect such change. 
   
 Note 2—Long-Term Debt 
   
 Long-term debt consists of the following: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 December 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 December 31, 2014      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Maturity      
 
        
 
 Carrying    Amount      
 
        
 
 Approximate    Fair Value (1)      
 
        
 
 Carrying    Amount      
 
        
 
 Approximate    Fair Value (1)      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 $1,500.0 Revolving Credit Facility      
 
        
 
 July 2018      
 
        
 
 $      
 
  —      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 $200.0 Credit Agreement      
 
        
 
 May 2015      
 
        
 
 N/A      
 
        
 
 N/A      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 $1,500.0   Commercial Paper Program (less unamortized discount of $0.2 and $0.4 at   December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively)      
 
        
 
 July 2018      
 
        
 
 823.9      
 
        
 
 823.9      
 
        
 
 671.0      
 
        
 
 671.0      
 
            
 
 
 4.00% Senior   Notes (less unamortized discount of $0.8 and $0.9 at December 31,   2015 and 2014, respectively)      
 
        
 
 February 2022      
 
        
 
 499.2      
 
        
 
 508.6      
 
        
 
 499.1      
 
        
 
 524.5      
 
            
 
 
 2.55% Senior   Notes (less unamortized discount of $0.7 and $0.9 at December 31,   2015 and 2014, respectively)      
 
        
 
 January 2019      
 
        
 
 749.2      
 
        
 
 750.1      
 
        
 
 749.1      
 
        
 
 754.9      
 
            
 
 
 1.55% Senior   Notes (less unamortized discount of $0.2 and $0.3 at December 31,   2015 and 2014, respectively)      
 
        
 
 September 2017      
 
        
 
 374.8      
 
        
 
 373.2      
 
        
 
 374.7      
 
        
 
 373.0      
 
            
 
 
 3.125% Senior   Notes (less unamortized discount of $0.3 and $0.3 at December 31, 2015   and 2014, respectively)      
 
        
 
 September 2021      
 
        
 
 374.7      
 
        
 
 367.7      
 
        
 
 374.7      
 
        
 
 375.3      
 
            
 
 
 Notes payable to   foreign banks and other debt      
 
        
 
 2016-2021      
 
        
 
 5.0      
 
        
 
 5.0      
 
        
 
 5.3      
 
        
 
 5.3      
 
            
 
 
 Less deferred   debt issuance costs      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 (13.3      
 
 )      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (17.7      
 
 )      
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 2,813.5      
 
        
 
 2,828.5      
 
        
 
 2,656.2      
 
        
 
 2,704.0      
 
            
 
 
 Less current   portion      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 0.3      
 
        
 
 0.3      
 
        
 
 1.6      
 
        
 
 1.6      
 
            
 
 
 Total long-term   debt      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2,813.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2,828.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2,654.6      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2,702.4      
 
               
   
 
 (1)                 The fair values of the Company’s Senior Notes are based on recent bid prices in an active market, and therefore are classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy (Note 3). 
   
 38 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Credit Facilities and Commercial Paper 
   
 The Company has a $1,500.0 unsecured credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) with a maturity date of July 2018 which gives the Company the ability to borrow at a spread over LIBOR. The Company also had a $200.0 unsecured credit facility (the  “Credit Agreement”) which expired in the second quarter of 2015 and was not renewed.  The carrying value of the borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility approximated their fair value due primarily to their market interest rates and are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy (Note 3).  The Revolving Credit Facility requires payment of certain annual agency and commitment fees and requires that the Company satisfy certain financial covenants. 
   
 In September 2014, the Company entered into a commercial paper program (the “Program”) pursuant to which the Company issues short-term unsecured commercial paper notes (“Commercial Paper”) in one or more private placements. Amounts available under the Program are borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed from time to time. The maturities of the Commercial Paper vary, but may not exceed 397 days from the date of issue. The Commercial Paper is sold under customary terms in the commercial paper market and may be issued at a discount from par, or, alternatively, may be sold at par and bear varying interest rates on a fixed or floating basis. The Program is rated A-2 by Standard & Poor’s and P-2 by Moody’s and is backstopped by the Revolving Credit Facility. The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Commercial Paper outstanding under the Program at any time is $1,500.0. The Commercial Paper is classified as long-term debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets since the Company has the intent and ability to refinance the Commercial Paper on a long-term basis using the Revolving Credit Facility.  The carrying value of Commercial Paper borrowings approximated their fair value given that the Commercial Paper is actively traded. As such, the Commercial Paper is classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy (Note 3). The average interest rate on the Commercial Paper as of December 31, 2015 was 0.88%. 
   
 In 2014, the Company incurred costs related to the issuance of the Commercial Paper and Senior Notes of $11.1 which are amortized to interest expense over the respective terms of the debt. 
   
 Senior Notes 
   
 The senior notes are unsecured and rank equally in right of payment with the Company’s other unsecured senior indebtedness. Interest on each series of the Senior Notes is payable semiannually. The Company may, at its option, redeem some or all of any series Senior Notes at any time by paying 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of repurchase, and if redeemed prior to the date of maturity, a make-whole premium. 
   
 In January 2014, the Company issued $750.0 principal amount of unsecured 2.55% Senior Notes due January 2019 (the “2.55% Senior Notes”) at 99.846% of their face value. Net proceeds from the sale of the 2.55% Senior Notes were used to repay borrowings under the Company’s Revolving Credit Facility. 
   
 In September 2014, the Company issued $375.0 principal amount of unsecured 1.55% Senior Notes due September 2017 at 99.898% of their face value (the “1.55% Senior Notes”) and $375.0 principal amount of unsecured 3.125% Senior Notes due September 2021 at 99.912% of their face value (the “3.125% Senior Notes” and together with the 1.55% Senior Notes, “the Notes”). The Company used all of the net proceeds from the Notes to repay the outstanding $600.0 4.75% Senior Notes that were due in November 2014 and to repay amounts outstanding under its Revolving Credit Facility and Credit Agreement. 
   
 The maturity of the Company’s debt (exclusive of unamortized deferred debt issuance costs as of December 31, 2015) over each of the next five years ending December 31 and thereafter, is as follows: 
   
 
 
 
 2016      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.3      
 
            
 
 
 2017      
 
        
 
 375.0      
 
            
 
 
 2018      
 
        
 
 826.9      
 
            
 
 
 2019      
 
        
 
 749.4      
 
            
 
 
 2020      
 
        
 
 0.1      
 
            
 
 
 Thereafter      
 
        
 
 875.1      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2,826.8      
 
               
   
 The Company has a $20.0 uncommitted standby letter of credit facility of which approximately $12.3 was issued at December 31, 2015. 
   
 Note 3—Fair Value Measurements 
   
 The Company follows the framework within the  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  topic of the Accounting Standards Codification, which requires fair value to be determined based on the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction    between market participants. These requirements establish market or observable inputs as the preferred source of values. Assumptions 
   
 39 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 based on hypothetical transactions are used in the absence of market inputs. The Company does not have any non-financial instruments accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis. 
   
 The valuation techniques required are based upon observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s market assumptions. These two types of inputs create the following fair value hierarchy: 
   
 Level 1                                  Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. 
   
 Level 2                                  Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose significant value drivers are observable. 
   
 Level 3                                  Significant inputs to the valuation model are unobservable. 
   
 The Company believes that the assets or liabilities subject to such standards with fair value disclosure requirements are short-term investments and derivative instruments. Substantially all of the Company’s short-term investments consist of certificates of deposit with original maturities of twelve months or less and as such, are considered as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy as they are traded in active markets which have identical assets. The carrying amounts of these instruments, the majority of which are in non-U.S. bank accounts, approximate their fair value. The Company’s derivative instruments represent foreign exchange rate forward contracts, which are valued using bank quotations based on market observable inputs such as forward and spot rates and are therefore classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The impact of the credit risk related to these financial assets is immaterial. The fair values of the Company’s financial and non-financial assets and liabilities subject to such standards at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 are as follows: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Fair Value Measurements       
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Total      
 
        
 
 Quoted Prices in    Active Markets    for Identical    Assets (Level 1)      
 
        
 
 Significant    Observable    Inputs    (Level 2)      
 
        
 
 Significant    Unobservable    Inputs    (Level 3)      
 
            
 
 
 2015      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Short-term   investments      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 23.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 23.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Forward   contracts      
 
        
 
 3.3      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 3.3      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Total      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 26.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 23.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 3.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 2014      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Short-term   investments      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 360.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 360.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Forward   contracts      
 
        
 
 11.0      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 11.0      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Total      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 371.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 360.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 11.0      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
               
   
 The Company does not have any significant financial or non-financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 
   
 For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, a loss of $(0.4) and $(1.2), respectively, was recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss associated with foreign exchange rate forward contracts.  The amount reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to foreign exchange gain (loss) in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income during 2015 and 2014 was not material. The fair value of the forward contracts are recorded within Other current assets, Other accrued expenses or Accrued pension benefit obligations and other long-term liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, depending on their value and remaining contractual period. 
   
 Note 4—Income Taxes 
   
 The components of income before income taxes and the provision for income taxes are as follows: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Year Ended December 31,      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
 Income before   income taxes:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 United States      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 134.4      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 161.4      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 152.8      
 
            
 
 
 Foreign      
 
        
 
 918.4      
 
        
 
 811.1      
 
        
 
 693.8      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,052.8      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 972.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 846.6      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Current tax   provision:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 United States      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 39.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 63.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 47.5      
 
            
 
 
 Foreign      
 
        
 
 228.1      
 
        
 
 183.1      
 
        
 
 162.3      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 267.6      
 
        
 
 246.8      
 
        
 
 209.8      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Deferred tax   provision (benefit):      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 United States      
 
        
 
 13.3      
 
        
 
 (0.7      
 
 )      
 
 (0.1      
 
 )          
 
 
 Foreign      
 
        
 
 (0.4      
 
 )      
 
 11.2      
 
        
 
 (1.8      
 
 )          
 
 
        
 
        
 
 12.9      
 
        
 
 10.5      
 
        
 
 (1.9      
 
 )          
 
 
 Total provision   for income taxes      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 280.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 257.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 207.9      
 
               
   
 40 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 At December 31, 2015, the Company had $70.3, $12.1 and $6.7 of foreign tax loss and credit carryforwards, U.S. federal loss carryforwards, and U.S. state tax loss and credit carryforwards net of federal benefit, respectively, of which $37.7, $12.1 and $3.2, respectively, will either expire or be refunded at various dates through 2035 and the balance can be carried forward indefinitely. 
   
 A valuation allowance of $18.5 and $15.5 at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, has been recorded which relates to the foreign net operating loss carryforwards and U.S. state tax credits.  The net change in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was an increase of $3.0 and a decrease of $3.9 in 2015 and 2014, respectively, which was related to foreign net operating loss and U.S. state credit carryforwards. 
   
 Differences between the U.S. statutory federal tax rate and the Company’s effective income tax rate are analyzed below: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Year Ended December 31,      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 U.S. statutory   federal tax rate      
 
        
 
 35.0      
 
 %      
 
 35.0      
 
 %      
 
 35.0      
 
 %          
 
 
 State and local   taxes      
 
        
 
 0.1      
 
        
 
 0.4      
 
        
 
 0.6      
 
            
 
 
 Foreign earnings   and dividends taxed at different rates      
 
        
 
 (8.8      
 
 )      
 
 (8.3      
 
 )      
 
 (9.4      
 
 )          
 
 
 Valuation   allowance      
 
        
 
 0.3      
 
        
 
 (0.4      
 
 )      
 
 0.2      
 
            
 
 
 Tax impact of   the delay in American Taxpayer Relief Act      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (1.3      
 
 )          
 
 
 Other      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (0.2      
 
 )      
 
 (0.5      
 
 )          
 
 
 Effective tax   rate      
 
        
 
 26.6      
 
 %      
 
 26.5      
 
 %      
 
 24.6      
 
 %             
   
 The 2013 tax rate reflects a decrease in tax expense of $11.3, or $0.03 per diluted common share, resulting from the delay, by the U.S. government, in the reinstatement of certain federal income tax provisions for the year 2012 relating primarily to research and development credits and certain U.S. taxes on foreign income that are part of the tax provisions within the American Taxpayer Relief Act.  Such tax provisions were reinstated on January 2, 2013 with retroactive effect to 2012.  Under U.S. GAAP, the benefit to the Company of $11.3 relating to the 2012 tax year was recorded as a benefit in the first quarter of 2013 at the date of reinstatement; as such, between the fourth quarter of 2012 and the first quarter of 2013, there is no net impact on the Company from an income statement perspective.  The 2013 tax rate also reflects a reduction in tax expense of $3.6, or $0.01 per diluted common share, for tax reserve adjustments relating to the completion of the audits of certain of the Company’s prior year tax returns.  Excluding these impacts as well as the net impact of the acquisition-related expenses, the Company’s effective tax rate for 2015, 2014 and 2013 was 26.5%, 26.5% and 26.3%, respectively. 
   
 The components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities included in Intangibles and other long-term assets and in Accrued pension benefit obligations and other long-term liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet are comprised of the following: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 December 31,      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
            
 
 
 Deferred tax   assets relating to:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Accrued   liabilities and reserves      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 21.4      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 27.3      
 
            
 
 
 Operating loss   and tax credit carryforwards      
 
        
 
 29.4      
 
        
 
 26.2      
 
            
 
 
 Pensions, net      
 
        
 
 63.6      
 
        
 
 61.1      
 
            
 
 
 Inventories      
 
        
 
 29.0      
 
        
 
 22.6      
 
            
 
 
 Employee   benefits      
 
        
 
 41.8      
 
        
 
 35.6      
 
            
 
 
 Total deferred   tax assets      
 
        
 
 185.2      
 
        
 
 172.8      
 
            
 
 
 Valuation   allowance      
 
        
 
 (18.5      
 
 )      
 
 (15.5      
 
 )          
 
 
 Total deferred   tax assets, net of valuation allowances      
 
        
 
 166.7      
 
        
 
 157.3      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Deferred tax   liabilities relating to:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Goodwill      
 
        
 
        
 
 163.5      
 
        
 
        
 
 129.4      
 
            
 
 
 Depreciation and   amortization      
 
        
 
 37.4      
 
        
 
 36.1      
 
            
 
 
 Contingent   consideration      
 
        
 
 6.6      
 
        
 
 6.6      
 
            
 
 
 Total deferred   tax liabilities      
 
        
 
 207.5      
 
        
 
 172.1      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Net deferred tax   liability      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 (40.8      
 
 )      
 
 $      
 
 (14.8      
 
 )             
   
 41 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 See Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on the adoption of ASU 2015-17. 
   
 A tabular reconciliation of the gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits excluding interest and penalties at the beginning and end of the year for 2015, 2014 and 2013 are as follows: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
 Unrecognized tax   benefits as of January 1      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 27.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 24.8      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 26.4      
 
            
 
 
 Gross increases   and gross decreases for tax positions in prior periods      
 
        
 
 0.3      
 
        
 
 2.2      
 
        
 
 1.4      
 
            
 
 
 Gross increases   - current period tax position      
 
        
 
 2.1      
 
        
 
 2.6      
 
        
 
 2.4      
 
            
 
 
 Settlements      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (0.5      
 
 )      
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Lapse of statute   of limitations      
 
        
 
 (0.3      
 
 )      
 
 (1.4      
 
 )      
 
 (5.4      
 
 )          
 
 
 Unrecognized tax   benefits as of December 31      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 29.8      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 27.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 24.8      
 
               
   
 The Company includes estimated interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. During the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the provision for income taxes included a net expense of $1.5, $0.9 and $0.2, respectively, in estimated interest and penalties.  As of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the liability for unrecognized tax benefits included $6.0, $4.5 and $3.0, respectively, for tax-related interest and penalties. 
   
 The Company operates in the U.S. and numerous foreign taxable jurisdictions, and at any point in time has numerous audits underway at various stages of completion. With few exceptions, the Company is subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities for the years 2011 and after. The Company is generally not able to precisely estimate the ultimate settlement amounts or timing until the close of an audit.  The Company evaluates its tax positions and establishes liabilities for uncertain tax positions that may be challenged by local authorities and may not be fully sustained, despite the Company’s belief that the underlying tax positions are fully supportable. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the amount of the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, including penalties and interest, which if recognized would impact the effective tax rate, was $20.6 and $19.2, respectively, which is included in Accrued pension benefit obligations and other long-term liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Unrecognized tax benefits are reviewed on an ongoing basis and are adjusted for changing facts and circumstances, including progress of tax audits and the closing of statutes of limitation.  Based on information currently available, management anticipates that over the next twelve month period, audit activity could be completed and statutes of limitation may close relating to existing unrecognized tax benefits of $3.1. 
   
 Note 5—Equity 
   
 Stock-Based Compensation: 
   
 Stock Options 
   
 In 2009, the Company adopted the 2009 Stock Purchase and Option Plan for Key Employees of Amphenol and its Subsidiaries (the “2009 Employee Option Plan”).  The Company also continues to maintain the 2000 Stock Purchase and Option Plan for Key Employees of Amphenol and Subsidiaries (the “2000 Employee Option Plan”).  No additional stock options can be granted under the 2000 Employee Option Plan.  The 2009 Employee Option Plan authorizes the granting of additional stock options by a committee of the Company’s Board of Directors.  The number of shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock (“Common Stock”) reserved for issuance thereunder is 58,000,000 shares.  As of December 31, 2015, there were 18,911,280 shares of Common Stock available for the granting of additional stock options under the 2009 Employee Option Plan.  Options granted under the 2000 Employee Option Plan are fully vested and are generally exercisable over a period of ten years from the date of grant and options granted under the 2009 Employee Option Plan generally vest ratably over a period of five years from the date of grant and are generally exercisable over a period of ten years from the date of grant. 
   
 42 
 
 
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 In 2004, the Company adopted the 2004 Stock Option Plan for Directors of Amphenol Corporation (the “2004 Directors Option Plan”).  The 2004 Directors Option Plan is administered by the Company’s Board of Directors.  As of December 31, 2015, there were 140,000 shares of Common Stock available for the granting of additional stock options under the 2004 Directors Option Plan, although no additional stock options are expected to be granted under this plan.  Options were last granted under the 2004 Directors Option Plan in May 2011.  Options granted under the 2004 Directors Option Plan are fully vested and are generally exercisable over a period of ten years from the date of grant. 
   
 Stock option activity for 2013, 2014 and 2015 was as follows: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 Weighted      
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 Average      
 
        
 
 Aggregate      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 Weighted      
 
        
 
 Remaining      
 
        
 
 Intrinsic      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 Average      
 
        
 
 Contractual      
 
        
 
 Value      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Options      
 
        
 
 Exercise Price      
 
        
 
 Term (in years)      
 
        
 
 (in millions)      
 
            
 
 
 Options   outstanding at January 1, 2013      
 
        
 
 26,893,438      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 21.70      
 
        
 
 7.08      
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Options granted      
 
        
 
 5,576,000      
 
        
 
 39.00      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Options   exercised      
 
        
 
 (5,272,426      
 
 )      
 
 18.23      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Options   forfeited      
 
        
 
 (352,560      
 
 )      
 
 26.83      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Options   outstanding at December 31, 2013      
 
        
 
 26,844,452      
 
        
 
 25.90      
 
        
 
 7.08      
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Options granted      
 
        
 
 6,220,000      
 
        
 
 47.70      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Options   exercised      
 
        
 
 (4,790,252      
 
 )      
 
 20.27      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Options   forfeited      
 
        
 
 (486,280      
 
 )      
 
 34.55      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Options   outstanding at December 31, 2014      
 
        
 
 27,787,920      
 
        
 
 31.60      
 
        
 
 7.09      
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Options granted      
 
        
 
 6,490,200      
 
        
 
 57.85      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Options   exercised      
 
        
 
 (2,718,745      
 
 )      
 
 23.71      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Options   forfeited      
 
        
 
 (422,900      
 
 )      
 
 41.73      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Options   outstanding at December 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 31,136,475      
 
        
 
 37.62      
 
        
 
 6.92      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 491.0      
 
            
 
 
 Vested   and non-vested options expected to vest at December 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 28,749,963      
 
        
 
 37.04      
 
        
 
 6.82      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 468.4      
 
            
 
 
 Exercisable   options at December 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 13,813,435      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 26.84      
 
        
 
 5.33      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 350.7      
 
               
   
 A summary of the status of the Company’s non-vested options as of December 31, 2015 and changes during the year then ended is as follows: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Options      
 
        
 
 Weighted Average    Fair Value     at Grant Date      
 
            
 
 
 Non-vested   options at January 1, 2015      
 
        
 
 16,440,560      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 7.98      
 
            
 
 
 Options granted      
 
        
 
 6,490,200      
 
        
 
 8.47      
 
            
 
 
 Options vested      
 
        
 
 (5,184,820      
 
 )      
 
 7.70      
 
            
 
 
 Options forfeited      
 
        
 
 (422,900      
 
 )      
 
 8.18      
 
            
 
 
 Non-vested   options at December 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 17,323,040      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 8.24      
 
               
   
 The weighted-average fair value at the grant date of options granted during 2014 and 2013 was $8.64 and $8.71, respectively. 
   
 During the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the following activity occurred under the Company’s option plans: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
 Total intrinsic   value of stock options exercised      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 88.1      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 136.8      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 105.8      
 
            
 
 
 Total fair value   of stock options vested      
 
        
 
 39.9      
 
        
 
 37.2      
 
        
 
 33.9      
 
            
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
   
 As of December 31, 2015, the total compensation cost related to non-vested options not yet recognized was approximately $104.9, with a weighted average expected amortization period of 3.36 years. 
   
 The grant-date fair value of each option grant under the 2000 Employee Option Plan, the 2009 Employee Option Plan and the 2004 Directors Option Plan is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The grant-date fair value of each restricted share grant is determined based on the closing share price of the Company’s Common Stock on the date of the grant. The fair value is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting period. Use of a valuation model for option grants requires management to make certain assumptions with respect to selected model inputs. Expected share price volatility is calculated based on the historical volatility of the Common Stock and implied volatility derived from related 
   
 43 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 exchange traded options. The average expected life is based on the contractual term of the option and expected exercise and historical post-vesting termination experience. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the expected life assumed at the date of grant. The expected annual dividend per share is based on the Company’s dividend rate. 
   
 Restricted Stock 
   
 In 2012, the Company adopted the 2012 Restricted Stock Plan for Directors of Amphenol Corporation (the “2012 Directors Restricted Stock Plan”). The 2012 Directors Restricted Stock Plan is administered by the Company’s Board of Directors.  As of December 31, 2015, the number of restricted shares available for grant under the 2012 Directors Restricted Stock Plan was 153,974.  Restricted shares granted under the 2012 Directors Restricted Stock Plan generally vest on the first anniversary of the grant date.  Grants under the 2012 Directors Restricted Stock Plan entitle the holder to receive shares of the Company’s common stock without payment. 
   
 Restricted stock activity for 2013, 2014 and 2015 was as follows: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 Weighted      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 Average      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
 Fair Value      
 
        
 
 Remaining      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Restricted      
 
        
 
 at Grant      
 
        
 
 Amortization      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Shares      
 
        
 
 Date      
 
        
 
 Term (in years)      
 
            
 
 
 Restricted   shares outstanding at January 1, 2013      
 
        
 
 32,858      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 26.63      
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Restricted   shares granted      
 
        
 
 26,880      
 
        
 
 38.76      
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Shares vested and   issued      
 
        
 
 (32,858      
 
 )      
 
 26.63      
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Restricted   shares outstanding at December 31, 2013      
 
        
 
 26,880      
 
        
 
 38.76      
 
        
 
 0.39      
 
            
 
 
 Restricted   shares granted      
 
        
 
 18,340      
 
        
 
 47.72      
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Shares vested   and issued      
 
        
 
 (26,880      
 
 )      
 
 38.76      
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Restricted   shares outstanding at December 31, 2014      
 
        
 
 18,340      
 
        
 
 47.72      
 
        
 
 0.39      
 
            
 
 
 Restricted   shares granted      
 
        
 
 17,948      
 
        
 
 57.85      
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Shares vested   and issued      
 
        
 
 (19,032      
 
 )      
 
 47.98      
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Restricted   shares outstanding at December 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 17,256      
 
        
 
 57.97      
 
        
 
 0.39      
 
            
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
   
 The total fair value of restricted share awards that vested during 2015, 2014, and 2013 was $0.9, $1.0, and $0.9, respectively.   As of December 31, 2015, the total compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock not yet recognized was approximately $0.4 with a weighted average expected amortization period of 0.39 years. 
   
 Authorized Shares for Issuance: 
   
 Effective May 20, 2015, the Company’s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company’s certificate of incorporation to increase the number of shares of Common Stock which the Company is authorized to issue by 500 million to 1 billion. 
   
 Stock Repurchase Program: 
   
 In January 2013, the Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program under which the Company could repurchase up to 20 million shares of its common stock during the two-year period ending January 31, 2015 (the “2013 Stock Repurchase Program”). During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company repurchased 11,428,610 shares of its Common Stock for $539.4.  These treasury shares have been retired by the Company and common stock and retained earnings were reduced accordingly.  At December 31, 2014, the Company had repurchased all shares authorized under the 2013 Stock Repurchase Program. 
   
 In January 2015, the Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program under which the Company could repurchase up to 10 million shares of Common Stock during the two-year period ending January 20, 2017 (the “2015 Stock Repurchase Program”).  During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company repurchased 4.5 million shares of its Common Stock for $248.9.  These treasury shares have been retired by the Company and common stock and retained earnings were reduced accordingly.  The price and timing of any future purchases under the 2015 Stock Repurchase Program will depend on factors such as levels of cash generation from operations, the volume of stock option exercises by employees, cash requirements for acquisitions, dividends, economic and market conditions and stock price.  The Company did not repurchase any additional shares of Common Stock through January 31, 
 2016.  At January 31, 2016, approximately 5.5 million additional shares of Common Stock may be repurchased under the 2015 Stock Repurchase Program. 
   
 44 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Dividends: 
   
 Contingent upon declaration by the Board of Directors, the Company generally pays a quarterly dividend on shares of Common Stock.  In July 2014, the Board of Directors approved an increase in the quarterly dividend rate from $0.10 to $0.125 per share effective with the third quarter 2014 dividend and in July 2015 approved a further increase in the quarterly dividend rate from $0.125 to $0.14 per share effective with the third quarter 2015 dividend.  Total dividends declared during 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $163.7, $140.6 and $96.8, respectively. Total dividends paid in 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $159.3, $101.9 and $96.8, respectively, including those declared in the prior year and paid in the current year. 
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): 
   
 Balances of related after-tax components comprising Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) included in equity at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 are as follows: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Foreign    Currency    Translation    Adjustments      
 
        
 
 Unrealized Gain    (Loss) on Cash    Flow Hedges      
 
        
 
 Defined Benefit    Plan Liability    Adjustment      
 
        
 
 Accumulated    Other    Comprehensive    Income (Loss)      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Balance   at January 1, 2013      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 57.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 (174.5      
 
 )      
 
 $      
 
 (117.0      
 
 )          
 
 
 Translation   adjustments      
 
        
 
 14.9      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 14.9      
 
            
 
 
 Unrealized loss   on cash flow hedges, net of tax of $0.1      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (0.3      
 
 )      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (0.3      
 
 )          
 
 
 Amounts reclassified   from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)      
 
        
 
 (5.2      
 
 )      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (5.2      
 
 )          
 
 
 Defined benefit   plan adjustment, net of tax of ($20.6)      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 35.9      
 
        
 
 35.9      
 
            
 
 
 Amounts   reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of   tax of ($9.6)      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 16.7      
 
        
 
 16.7      
 
            
 
 
 Balance   at December 31, 2013      
 
        
 
 67.0      
 
        
 
 (0.1      
 
 )      
 
 (121.9      
 
 )      
 
 (55.0      
 
 )          
 
 
 Translation   adjustments      
 
        
 
 (80.4      
 
 )      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (80.4      
 
 )          
 
 
 Unrealized loss   on cash flow hedges, net of tax of $0.2      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (1.2      
 
 )      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (1.2      
 
 )          
 
 
 Defined benefit   plan adjustment, net of tax of $39.9      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (82.0      
 
 )      
 
 (82.0      
 
 )          
 
 
 Amounts   reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax   of ($6.2)      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 12.8      
 
        
 
 12.8      
 
            
 
 
 Balance   at December 31, 2014      
 
        
 
 (13.4      
 
 )      
 
 (1.3      
 
 )      
 
 (191.1      
 
 )      
 
 (205.8      
 
 )          
 
 
 Translation   adjustments      
 
        
 
 (151.5      
 
 )      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (151.5      
 
 )          
 
 
 Unrealized loss   on cash flow hedges, net of tax of $0.1      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (0.4      
 
 )      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (0.4      
 
 )          
 
 
 Defined benefit   plan adjustment, net of tax of $5.5      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (10.0      
 
 )      
 
 (10.0      
 
 )          
 
 
 Amounts   reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax   of ($10.1)      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 18.2      
 
        
 
 18.2      
 
            
 
 
 Balance   at December 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 (164.9      
 
 )      
 
 $      
 
 (1.7      
 
 )      
 
 $      
 
 (182.9      
 
 )      
 
 $      
 
 (349.5      
 
 )             
   
 The amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for defined benefit plan liabilities, are included within Cost of sales and Selling, general and administrative expenses and for unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges, are included in Cost of sales within the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income.  The amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for foreign currency translation in 2013 are included in Cost of sales within the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income. 
   
 Note 6—Earnings Per Share 
   
 Basic earnings per share (“EPS”) is computed by dividing net income attributable to Amphenol Corporation by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income attributable to Amphenol Corporation by the weighted-average number of common shares and dilutive common shares outstanding, which relates to stock options. A reconciliation of the basic weighted average common shares outstanding to diluted weighted average common shares outstanding as of December 31 is as follows ( dollars and shares in millions ): 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
 Net income   attributable to Amphenol Corporation shareholders      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 763.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 709.1      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 635.7      
 
            
 
 
 Basic weighted   average common shares outstanding      
 
        
 
 309.1      
 
        
 
 313.1      
 
        
 
 318.2      
 
            
 
 
 Effect of   dilutive stock options      
 
        
 
 7.4      
 
        
 
 7.3      
 
        
 
 6.3      
 
            
 
 
 Diluted weighted   average common shares outstanding      
 
        
 
 316.5      
 
        
 
 320.4      
 
        
 
 324.5      
 
            
 
 
 Earnings per   share attributable to Amphenol Corporation shareholders:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Basic      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2.47      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2.26      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2.00      
 
            
 
 
 Diluted      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2.41      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2.21      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1.96      
 
               
   
 Excluded from the computations above were anti-dilutive common shares of 6.3 million, 5.5 million and 3.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 
   
 45 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Note 7—Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
 The Company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries have defined benefit pension plans (the “U.S. Plans”), which cover certain U.S. employees and which represent the majority of the plan assets and benefit obligations of the aggregate defined benefit plans of the Company. The U.S. Plans’ benefits are generally based on years of service and compensation and are generally noncontributory.  Certain U.S. employees not covered by the U.S. Plans are covered by defined contribution plans.  Certain foreign subsidiaries have defined benefit plans covering their employees (the “International Plans”). The largest international pension plan, in accordance with local regulations, is unfunded and had a projected benefit obligation of approximately $76.2 and $86.0 at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Total required contributions to be made during 2016 for the unfunded International Plans amount to approximately $7.2. This amount, which is classified as Other accrued expenses, and the obligations discussed above, are included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and in the tables below. 
   
 The following is a summary of the Company’s defined benefit plans’ funded status as of the most recent actuarial valuations; for each year presented below, projected benefits exceed assets. 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 December 31,      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
            
 
 
 Change in   projected benefit obligation:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Projected   benefit obligation at beginning of year      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 676.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 560.1      
 
            
 
 
 Service cost      
 
        
 
 12.5      
 
        
 
 10.8      
 
            
 
 
 Interest cost      
 
        
 
 22.8      
 
        
 
 24.1      
 
            
 
 
 Acquisitions      
 
        
 
 1.2      
 
        
 
 7.0      
 
            
 
 
 Plan amendments      
 
        
 
 0.4      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Actuarial (gain)   loss      
 
        
 
 (19.0      
 
 )      
 
 123.1      
 
            
 
 
 Foreign exchange   translation      
 
        
 
 (18.2      
 
 )      
 
 (18.7      
 
 )          
 
 
 Benefits paid      
 
        
 
 (31.2      
 
 )      
 
 (29.9      
 
 )          
 
 
 Projected   benefit obligation at end of year      
 
        
 
 645.0      
 
        
 
 676.5      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Change in plan   assets:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Fair value of   plan assets at beginning of year      
 
        
 
 409.4      
 
        
 
 392.5      
 
            
 
 
 Actual return on   plan assets      
 
        
 
 (3.7      
 
 )      
 
 27.7      
 
            
 
 
 Employer   contributions      
 
        
 
 24.1      
 
        
 
 23.8      
 
            
 
 
 Foreign exchange   translation      
 
        
 
 (6.4      
 
 )      
 
 (4.7      
 
 )          
 
 
 Benefits paid      
 
        
 
 (31.2      
 
 )      
 
 (29.9      
 
 )          
 
 
 Fair value of   plan assets at end of year      
 
        
 
 392.2      
 
        
 
 409.4      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Funded status      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 (252.8      
 
 )      
 
 $      
 
 (267.1      
 
 )             
   
 The accumulated benefit obligation for the Company’s defined benefit pension plan was $624.5 and $653.7 at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Year Ended December 31,      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
 Components of   net pension expense:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Service cost      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 9.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 8.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 8.5      
 
            
 
 
 Interest cost      
 
        
 
 22.8      
 
        
 
 24.1      
 
        
 
 20.9      
 
            
 
 
 Expected return   on plan assets      
 
        
 
 (29.1      
 
 )      
 
 (28.5      
 
 )      
 
 (24.8      
 
 )          
 
 
 Net amortization   of actuarial losses      
 
        
 
 28.0      
 
        
 
 18.6      
 
        
 
 25.5      
 
            
 
 
 Net pension   expense      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 31.0      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 22.4      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 30.1      
 
               
   
 46 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Weighted-average assumptions used to determine    benefit obligations at December 31,      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Pension Benefits      
 
        
 
 Other Benefits      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
            
 
 
 Discount rate:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 U.S. plans      
 
        
 
 4.11      
 
 %      
 
 3.75      
 
 %      
 
 3.71      
 
 %      
 
 3.50      
 
 %          
 
 
 International   plans      
 
        
 
 3.14      
 
 %      
 
 2.91      
 
 %      
 
 n/a      
 
        
 
 n/a      
 
            
 
 
 Rate of   compensation increase:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 U.S. plans      
 
        
 
 3.00      
 
 %      
 
 3.00      
 
 %      
 
 n/a      
 
        
 
 n/a      
 
            
 
 
 International   plans      
 
        
 
 1.48      
 
 %      
 
 1.45      
 
 %      
 
 n/a      
 
        
 
 n/a      
 
               
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic    benefit cost for years ended December 31,      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Pension Benefits      
 
        
 
 Other Benefits      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
 Discount rate:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 U.S. plans      
 
        
 
 3.75      
 
 %      
 
 4.60      
 
 %      
 
 3.75      
 
 %      
 
 3.50      
 
 %      
 
 4.15      
 
 %      
 
 3.45      
 
 %          
 
 
 International   plans      
 
        
 
 2.91      
 
 %      
 
 4.09      
 
 %      
 
 3.97      
 
 %      
 
 n/a      
 
        
 
 n/a      
 
        
 
 n/a      
 
            
 
 
 Expected   long-term return on assets:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 U.S. plans      
 
        
 
 8.00      
 
 %      
 
 8.00      
 
 %      
 
 8.00      
 
 %      
 
 n/a      
 
        
 
 n/a      
 
        
 
 n/a      
 
            
 
 
 International   plans      
 
        
 
 5.47      
 
 %      
 
 5.99      
 
 %      
 
 5.50      
 
 %      
 
 n/a      
 
        
 
 n/a      
 
        
 
 n/a      
 
            
 
 
 Rate of   compensation increase:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 U.S. plans      
 
        
 
 3.00      
 
 %      
 
 3.00      
 
 %      
 
 3.00      
 
 %      
 
 n/a      
 
        
 
 n/a      
 
        
 
 n/a      
 
            
 
 
 International   plans      
 
        
 
 1.45      
 
 %      
 
 1.48      
 
 %      
 
 2.57      
 
 %      
 
 n/a      
 
        
 
 n/a      
 
        
 
 n/a      
 
               
   
 The pension expense for the U.S. Plans and the International Plans (the “Plans”) is calculated based upon a number of actuarial assumptions established on January 1 of the applicable year, including mortality projections as well as a weighted-average discount rate, rate of increase in future compensation levels and an expected long-term rate of return on the respective Plans’ assets which are detailed in the table above. 
   
 The discount rate used by the Company for valuing pension liabilities is based on a review of high quality corporate bond yields with maturities approximating the remaining life of the projected benefit obligations. The discount rate for the U.S. Plans on this basis was 4.11% at December 31, 2015 and 3.75% at December 31, 2014. The increase in the discount rate resulted in a decrease in the benefit obligation for the U.S. Plans of approximately $19.0 at December 31, 2015. At December 31, 2015, the Company elected to further refine its approach for calculating its service and interest costs beginning in 2016 by applying a split discount rate approach under which specific spot rates along the selected yield curve are applied to the relevant projected cash flows as the Company believes this method more precisely measures its obligations.  The mortality assumptions used by the Company reflect commonly used mortality tables and improvement scales for each plan and increased life expectancies for plan participants.  
   
 The Company’s investment strategy for the Plans’ assets is to achieve a rate of return on plan assets equal to or greater than the average for the respective investment classification through prudent allocation and periodic rebalancing between fixed income and equity instruments. The current investment policy includes a strategy to maintain an adequate level of diversification, subject to portfolio risks.  The target allocations for the U.S. Plans, which represent the majority of the Plans’ assets, are generally 60% equity and 40% fixed income.  Short-term strategic ranges for investments are established within these long term target percentages.  The Company invests in a diversified investment portfolio through various investment managers and evaluates its plan assets for the existence of concentration risks.  As of December 31, 2015, there were no significant concentrations of risks in the Company’s defined benefit plan assets.  The Company does not invest nor instruct investment managers to invest pension assets in Amphenol securities.  The Plans may indirectly hold the Company’s securities as a result of external investment management in certain commingled funds.  Such holdings would not be material relative to the Plans’ total assets. 
   
 In developing the expected long-term rate of return assumption for the U.S. Plans, the Company evaluated input from its external actuaries and investment consultants as well as long-term inflation assumptions. Projected returns by such consultants are based on broad equity and bond indices.  The Company also considered its historical twenty-year compounded return of approximately 9%, 
   
 47 
 
 
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 which has been in excess of these broad equity and bond benchmark indices. As described above, the expected long-term rate of return on the U.S. Plans’ assets is based on an asset allocation assumption of 60% with equity managers (with an expected long-term rate of return of approximately 9%) and 40% with fixed income managers (with an expected long-term rate of return of approximately 6%).  The Company believes that the long-term asset allocation on average will approximate 60% with equity managers and 40% with fixed income managers. The Company regularly reviews the actual asset allocation and periodically rebalances investments to its targeted allocation when considered appropriate. Based on this methodology, the Company’s expected long-term rate of return assumption to determine the benefit obligation of the U.S. Plans at December 31, 2015 and 2014 is 8.00%. 
   
 The Company’s Plan assets are reported at fair value and classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  The process requires judgment and may have an effect on the placement of the Plan assets within the fair value measurement hierarchy. The fair values of the Company’s pension Plans’ assets at December 31, 2015 and 2014 by asset category are as follows (refer to Note 3 for definitions of Level 1, 2 and 3 inputs): 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2015      
 
            
 
 
 Asset Category      
 
        
 
 Total      
 
        
 
 Quoted Prices in    Active Markets    for Identical    Assets (Level 1)      
 
        
 
 Significant    Observable    Inputs    (Level 2)      
 
        
 
 Significant    Unobservable    Inputs    (Level 3)      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Equity   securities:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 U.S. equities —   large cap      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 108.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 82.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 25.9      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 U.S. equities —   small/mid cap and other      
 
        
 
 22.7      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 22.7      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 International   equities — growth      
 
        
 
 46.0      
 
        
 
 46.0      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 International   equities — other      
 
        
 
 52.3      
 
        
 
 6.9      
 
        
 
 45.4      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 229.2      
 
        
 
 135.2      
 
        
 
 94.0      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Alternative   investment funds      
 
        
 
 31.5      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 31.5      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Fixed   income securities:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 U.S. fixed   income securities — intermediate term      
 
        
 
 58.7      
 
        
 
 58.7      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 U.S. fixed   income securities — high yield      
 
        
 
 18.9      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 18.9      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 International   fixed income securities — other      
 
        
 
 37.2      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 37.2      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 114.8      
 
        
 
 58.7      
 
        
 
 56.1      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Cash   and cash equivalents      
 
        
 
 16.7      
 
        
 
 16.7      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Total      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 392.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 210.6      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 181.6      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
               
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2014      
 
            
 
 
 Asset Category      
 
        
 
 Total      
 
        
 
 Quoted Prices in    Active Markets    for Identical    Assets (Level 1)      
 
        
 
 Significant    Observable    Inputs    (Level 2)      
 
        
 
 Significant    Unobservable    Inputs    (Level 3)      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Equity   securities:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 U.S. equities —   large cap      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 106.6      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 80.9      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 25.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 U.S. equities —   small/mid cap and other      
 
        
 
 23.0      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 23.0      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 International   equities — growth      
 
        
 
 46.9      
 
        
 
 46.9      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 International   equities — other      
 
        
 
 50.7      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 50.7      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 227.2      
 
        
 
 127.8      
 
        
 
 99.4      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Alternative   investment funds      
 
        
 
 40.1      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 40.1      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Fixed   income securities:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 U.S. fixed   income securities — intermediate term      
 
        
 
 59.1      
 
        
 
 59.1      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 U.S. fixed   income securities — high yield      
 
        
 
 20.2      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 20.2      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 International   fixed income securities — other      
 
        
 
 40.6      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 40.6      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 119.9      
 
        
 
 59.1      
 
        
 
 60.8      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Cash   and cash equivalents      
 
        
 
 22.2      
 
        
 
 22.2      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Total      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 409.4      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 209.1      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 200.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 —      
 
               
   
 48 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Equity securities consist primarily of publicly traded U.S. and non-U.S. equities.  Publicly traded securities are valued at the last trade or closing price reported in the active market in which the individual securities are traded.  Certain Level 2 equity securities held in commingled funds are valued at unitized net asset value (“NAV”) based on the fair value of the underlying net assets owned by the funds.  Alternative investment funds include investments in hedge funds including fund of fund products. 
   
 Fixed income securities consist primarily of government securities and corporate bonds.  They are valued at the closing price in the active market or at quotes obtained from brokers/dealers or pricing services.  Certain Level 2 fixed income securities held within commingled funds are valued at NAV as determined by the custodian of the funds based on the fair value of the underlying net assets of the funds. 
   
 The Company also has an unfunded Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (“SERP”), which provides for the payment of the portion of annual pension which cannot be paid from the retirement plan as a result of regulatory limitations on average compensation for purposes of the benefit computation. The obligation related to the SERP is included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and in the tables above. 
   
 As of December 31, 2015, the amounts before tax for unrecognized net loss, net prior service cost and net transition asset in Accumulated other comprehensive loss related to the Plans above are $256.4, $9.0, and $0.1, respectively. As of December 31, 2014, the amounts before tax for unrecognized net loss, net prior service cost and net transition asset in Accumulated other comprehensive loss related to the Plans above are $274.7, $10.9 and $0.2, respectively.  The estimated net loss, prior service cost and net transition asset for the Plans above that will be amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year are expected to be $22.6, $2.3 and $0.1, respectively. 
   
 The Company made cash contributions to the Plans of $24.1, $23.8, and $23.3 in 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively, and estimates that, based on current actuarial calculations, it will make aggregate cash contributions to the Plans in 2016 of approximately $22.0, most of which will be to the U.S. Plans.  The timing and amount of cash contributions in subsequent years will depend on a number of factors, including the investment performance of the Plan assets. 
   
 Benefit payments related to the Plans above, including those amounts to be paid out of Company assets and reflecting future expected service as appropriate, are expected to be as follows: 
   
 
 
 
 2016      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 27.8      
 
            
 
 
 2017      
 
        
 
 28.9      
 
            
 
 
 2018      
 
        
 
 30.2      
 
            
 
 
 2019      
 
        
 
 31.4      
 
            
 
 
 2020      
 
        
 
 32.8      
 
            
 
 
 2021-2025      
 
        
 
 182.3      
 
               
   
 The Company  offers various defined contribution plans for U.S. and foreign employees. Participation in these plans is based on certain eligibility requirements.  The Company matches the majority of employee contributions to the U.S. defined contribution plans with cash contributions up to a maximum of 5% of eligible compensation.  The Company provided matching contributions of approximately $4.2, $3.8 and $3.0 in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 
   
 The Company maintains self-insurance programs for that portion of its health care and workers compensation costs not covered by insurance. The Company also provides certain health care and life insurance benefits to certain eligible retirees through post-retirement benefit (“OPEB”) programs. The Company’s share of the cost of such plans for most participants is fixed, and any increase in the cost of such plans will be the responsibility of the retirees. The Company funds the benefit costs for such plans on a pay-as-you-go basis. Since the Company’s obligation for postretirement medical plans is fixed and since the benefit obligation and the net postretirement benefit expense are not material in relation to the Company’s financial condition or results of operations, the Company believes any change in medical costs from that estimated will not have a significant impact on the Company.  The discount rate used in determining the benefit obligation was 3.71% and 3.50% at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Summary information on the Company’s OPEB programs is as follows: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 December 31,      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Change in   benefit obligation:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Benefit   obligation at beginning of year      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 12.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 11.9      
 
            
 
 
 Service cost      
 
        
 
 0.1      
 
        
 
 0.1      
 
            
 
 
 Interest cost      
 
        
 
 0.4      
 
        
 
 0.5      
 
            
 
 
 Paid benefits   and expenses      
 
        
 
 (1.2      
 
 )      
 
 (0.9      
 
 )          
 
 
 Actuarial loss      
 
        
 
 1.7      
 
        
 
 0.6      
 
            
 
 
 Benefit   obligation at end of year      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 13.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 12.2      
 
               
   
 49 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 The accumulated benefit obligation for the Company’s OPEB plan was equal to its projected benefit obligation at December 31, 2015 and 2014. 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Year ended December 31,      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
 Components of   net post-retirement benefit cost:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Service cost      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.1      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.1      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.2      
 
            
 
 
 Interest cost      
 
        
 
 0.4      
 
        
 
 0.5      
 
        
 
 0.5      
 
            
 
 
 Net amortization   of actuarial losses      
 
        
 
 0.3      
 
        
 
 0.4      
 
        
 
 0.8      
 
            
 
 
 Net   post-retirement benefit cost      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 0.8      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1.0      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1.5      
 
               
   
 As of December 31, 2015, the amounts for unrecognized net loss, net prior service cost and net transition obligation in Accumulated other comprehensive loss related to OPEB programs are $5.5, nil and nil, respectively. The estimated net loss, prior service cost and net transition obligation for the OPEB programs that will be amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year are expected to be $0.6, nil and nil, respectively. 
   
 Benefit payments for the OPEB plan, including those amounts to be paid out of Company assets and reflecting future expected service as appropriate are expected to be between $1.1 and $1.4 per year for the next ten years. 
   
 Note 8—Leases 
   
 At December 31, 2015, the Company was committed under operating leases which expire at various dates.  Total rent expense under operating leases for the years 2015, 2014 and 2013 were approximately $41.0, $38.9 and $35.0, respectively. 
   
 Minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases are as follows: 
   
 
 
 
 2016      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 36.9      
 
            
 
 
 2017      
 
        
 
 26.4      
 
            
 
 
 2018      
 
        
 
 19.7      
 
            
 
 
 2019      
 
        
 
 13.6      
 
            
 
 
 2020      
 
        
 
 8.9      
 
            
 
 
 Beyond 2020      
 
        
 
 12.9      
 
            
 
 
 Total minimum   obligation      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 118.4      
 
               
   
 Note 9 — Business Combinations 
   
 During the year ended December 31, 2015, goodwill of approximately $76.2, which is net of foreign currency translation, was recognized primarily related to three businesses acquired during the year in the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment.  The Company is in the process of completing its analysis of fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to its 2015 acquisitions and anticipates that the final assessment of values will not differ materially from the preliminary assessment.  The 2015 acquisitions were not material to the Company either individually or in the aggregate. 
   
 Note 10—Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
   
 The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment were as follows: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Interconnect    Products and      
 
        
 
 Cable    Products and      
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Assemblies      
 
        
 
 Solutions      
 
        
 
 Total      
 
            
 
 
 Goodwill   at December 31, 2013      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2,173.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 115.4      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2,289.1      
 
            
 
 
 Acquisition-related      
 
        
 
 353.1      
 
        
 
 8.3      
 
        
 
 361.4      
 
            
 
 
 Foreign currency   translation      
 
        
 
 (33.8      
 
 )      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (33.8      
 
 )          
 
 
 Goodwill   at December 31, 2014      
 
        
 
 2,493.0      
 
        
 
 123.7      
 
        
 
 2,616.7      
 
            
 
 
 Acquisition-related      
 
        
 
 155.9      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 155.9      
 
            
 
 
 Foreign currency   translation      
 
        
 
 (79.7      
 
 )      
 
 —      
 
        
 
 (79.7      
 
 )          
 
 
 Goodwill   at December 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2,569.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 123.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 2,692.9      
 
               
   
 50 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Other than goodwill and indefinite-lived trade name intangible assets with a value of approximately $52.3 as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company’s intangible assets are subject to amortization. A summary of the Company’s amortizable intangible assets as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 is as follows: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 December 31, 2015      
 
        
 
 December 31, 2014      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Gross    Carrying    Amount      
 
        
 
 Accumulated    Amortization      
 
        
 
 Net Carrying    Amount      
 
        
 
 Gross    Carrying    Amount      
 
        
 
 Accumulated    Amortization      
 
        
 
 Net Carrying    Amount      
 
            
 
 
 Customer   relationships      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 315.6      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 122.6      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 193.0      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 299.8      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 92.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 207.5      
 
            
 
 
 Proprietary   technology      
 
        
 
 53.8      
 
        
 
 30.9      
 
        
 
 22.9      
 
        
 
 53.8      
 
        
 
 26.5      
 
        
 
 27.3      
 
            
 
 
 License   agreements      
 
        
 
 6.0      
 
        
 
 6.0      
 
        
 
 —      
 
        
 
 6.0      
 
        
 
 6.0      
 
        
 
 —      
 
            
 
 
 Backlog and   other      
 
        
 
 19.7      
 
        
 
 19.2      
 
        
 
 0.5      
 
        
 
 19.7      
 
        
 
 19.0      
 
        
 
 0.7      
 
            
 
 
 Total      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 395.1      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 178.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 216.4      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 379.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 143.8      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 235.5      
 
               
   
 Customer relationships, proprietary technology, license agreements and backlog and other amortizable intangible assets have weighted average useful lives of approximately 10 years, 14 years, 8 years and 2 years, respectively, for an aggregate weighted average useful life of approximately 10 years at December 31, 2015. 
   
 Intangible assets are included in Intangibles and other long-term assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The aggregate amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was approximately $34.7, $36.6 and $20.1, respectively.  The 2014 amortization includes $9.8 related to the amortization of acquired backlogs.  Amortization expense estimated for each of the next five fiscal years is approximately $35.8 in 2016, $35.4 in 2017, $31.2 in 2018, $27.0 in 2019 and $21.2 in 2020. 
   
 Note 11—Reportable Business Segments and International Operations 
   
 The Company has two reportable business segments: (i) Interconnect Products and Assemblies and (ii) Cable Products and Solutions. The Company aggregates its operating segments into reportable segments based upon similar economic characteristics and business groupings of products, services, and customers. The Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment primarily designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of connector and connector systems, value-add products and other products, including antennas and sensors, used in a broad range of applications in a diverse set of end markets.  The Cable Products and Solutions segment primarily designs, manufactures and markets cable, value-added products and components for use primarily in the broadband communications and information technology markets as well as certain applications in other markets.  The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those for the Company as a whole and are described in Note 1 herein. The Company evaluates the performance of business units on, among other things, profit or loss from operations before interest, headquarters’ expense allocations, stock-based compensation expense, income taxes, amortization related to certain intangible assets and nonrecurring gains and losses. 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Interconnect Products    and Assemblies      
 
        
 
 Cable Products    and Solutions      
 
        
 
 Total      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
 Net sales      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 External      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 5,239.1      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 4,992.6      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 4,269.0      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 329.6      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 352.9      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 345.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 5,568.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 5,345.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 4,614.7      
 
            
 
 
 Intersegment      
 
        
 
 7.2      
 
        
 
 6.6      
 
        
 
 5.5      
 
        
 
 21.6      
 
        
 
 18.0      
 
        
 
 19.4      
 
        
 
 28.8      
 
        
 
 24.6      
 
        
 
 24.9      
 
            
 
 
 Depreciation and   amortization      
 
        
 
 162.3      
 
        
 
 160.0      
 
        
 
 123.4      
 
        
 
 3.0      
 
        
 
 3.4      
 
        
 
 2.9      
 
        
 
 165.3      
 
        
 
 163.4      
 
        
 
 126.3      
 
            
 
 
 Segment   operating income      
 
        
 
 1,158.3      
 
        
 
 1,088.0      
 
        
 
 931.0      
 
        
 
 40.3      
 
        
 
 43.7      
 
        
 
 46.3      
 
        
 
 1,198.6      
 
        
 
 1,131.7      
 
        
 
 977.3      
 
            
 
 
 Segment assets   (excluding goodwill)      
 
        
 
 4,580.4      
 
        
 
 4,161.7      
 
        
 
 3,648.0      
 
        
 
 163.5      
 
        
 
 173.4      
 
        
 
 165.3      
 
        
 
 4,743.9      
 
        
 
 4,335.1      
 
        
 
 3,813.3      
 
            
 
 
 Purchases of   land and depreciable assets      
 
        
 
 167.1      
 
        
 
 203.1      
 
        
 
 154.7      
 
        
 
 4.5      
 
        
 
 4.8      
 
        
 
 2.0      
 
        
 
 171.6      
 
        
 
 207.9      
 
        
 
 156.7      
 
            
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
   
 Reconciliation of segment operating income to consolidated income before income taxes: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Segment   operating income      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,198.6      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,131.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 977.3      
 
            
 
 
 Interest expense      
 
        
 
 (68.3      
 
 )      
 
 (80.4      
 
 )      
 
 (63.6      
 
 )          
 
 
 Interest income      
 
        
 
 18.4      
 
        
 
 20.2      
 
        
 
 15.0      
 
            
 
 
 Stock-based   compensation expense      
 
        
 
 (44.2      
 
 )      
 
 (41.4      
 
 )      
 
 (36.1      
 
 )          
 
 
 Acquisition-related   expenses      
 
        
 
 (5.7      
 
 )      
 
 (14.1      
 
 )      
 
 (6.0      
 
 )          
 
 
 Other costs, net      
 
        
 
 (46.0      
 
 )      
 
 (43.5      
 
 )      
 
 (40.0      
 
 )          
 
 
 Consolidated   income before income taxes      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,052.8      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 972.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 846.6      
 
               
   
 51 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Reconciliation of segment assets to consolidated total assets: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
            
 
 
 Segment assets   excluding goodwill      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 4,743.9      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 4,335.1      
 
            
 
 
 Goodwill      
 
        
 
 2,692.9      
 
        
 
 2,616.7      
 
            
 
 
 Other assets      
 
        
 
 21.6      
 
        
 
 34.1      
 
            
 
 
 Consolidated   total assets      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 7,458.4      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 6,985.9      
 
               
   
 Geographic information: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Net sales      
 
        
 
 Land and depreciable assets, net      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
 United States      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,696.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,673.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,430.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 214.4      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 214.8      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 175.4      
 
            
 
 
 China      
 
        
 
 1,675.5      
 
        
 
 1,440.8      
 
        
 
 1,243.7      
 
        
 
 151.4      
 
        
 
 149.2      
 
        
 
 151.2      
 
            
 
 
 Other   international locations      
 
        
 
 2,196.9      
 
        
 
 2,231.2      
 
        
 
 1,940.5      
 
        
 
 243.7      
 
        
 
 226.7      
 
        
 
 205.8      
 
            
 
 
 Total      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 5,568.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 5,345.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 4,614.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 609.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 590.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 532.4      
 
               
   
 Net sales by geographic area are based on the customer location to which the product is shipped.   During the year ended December 31, 2015, aggregate sales to the Company’s largest customer, including sales of products to EMS companies and subcontractors that the Company believes are manufacturing products on their behalf, represented approximately 11% of the Company’s net sales, all of which are included within the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment. No single customer represented 10% or more of the Company’s net sales for the years ended December 31, 2014 or 2013.  It is impracticable to disclose net sales by product or group of products. 
   
 Note 12—Other Income, net 
   
 The components of Other income, net are set forth below: 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Year Ended December 31,      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 2015      
 
        
 
 2014      
 
        
 
 2013      
 
            
 
 
 Agency and   commitment fees      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 (2.0      
 
 )      
 
 $      
 
 (1.9      
 
 )      
 
 $      
 
 (1.6      
 
 )          
 
 
 Interest income      
 
        
 
 18.4      
 
        
 
 20.2      
 
        
 
 15.0      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 $      
 
 16.4      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 18.3      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 13.4      
 
               
   
 Note 13—Commitments and Contingencies 
   
 The Company has been named as defendant in several legal actions in which various amounts are claimed arising from normal business activities.  The Company records a loss contingency liability when there is at least a reasonable possibility that a loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated.  Although the potential liability with respect to such legal actions cannot be reasonably estimated, such matters are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  The Company’s legal costs associated with defending itself are recorded to expense as incurred. 
   
 Certain operations of the Company are subject to environmental laws and regulations which govern the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, as well as the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes.  The Company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
   
 The Company also has purchase obligations related to commitments to purchase certain goods and services. At December 31, 2015, the Company had purchase commitments of $186.5 in 2016 and $11.5 in 2017 and 2018, combined. 
   
 Note 14—Subsequent Events 
   
 On January 8, 2016, pursuant to a Purchase Agreement dated July 17, 2015 and as amended on December 31, 2015, by and among the Company and Bain Capital, the Company acquired all of the share capital of FCI Asia Pte Ltd (“FCI”) for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $1,179, net of cash acquired (subject to closing adjustments), which was funded by cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on hand that were held outside of the United States. 
   
 Headquartered in Singapore, FCI, a global leader in interconnect solutions for the information technology and data communications, industrial, mobile networks, automotive and mobile devices markets, will be reported as part of the Company’s 
   
 52 
 
 
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment.  As this is a recent acquisition, the required financial information needed to complete the initial purchase price allocation of all of its tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities, as well as the required supplemental pro forma results of the combined entity, is incomplete.  The preliminary amounts recognized for all assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date and other required pro forma disclosures of the combined entity will be disclosed in the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2016. 
   
 Note 15—Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Three Months Ended      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
 March 31      
 
        
 
 June 30      
 
        
 
 September 30      
 
        
 
 December 31      
 
            
 
 
 2015      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Net sales      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,327.1      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,351.5      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,459.6      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,430.5      
 
            
 
 
 Gross profit      
 
        
 
 424.6      
 
        
 
 432.5      
 
        
 
 464.0      
 
        
 
 458.5      
 
            
 
 
 Operating income      
 
        
 
 260.2      
 
        
 
 260.7      
 
 (1)      
 
 294.8      
 
        
 
 289.0      
 
            
 
 
 Net income   attributable to Amphenol Corporation      
 
        
 
 179.8      
 
        
 
 179.0      
 
 (1)      
 
 204.5      
 
        
 
 200.1      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Net income per   common share—Basic      
 
        
 
 0.58      
 
        
 
 0.58      
 
 (1)      
 
 0.66      
 
        
 
 0.65      
 
            
 
 
 Net income per   common share—Diluted      
 
        
 
 0.57      
 
        
 
 0.56      
 
 (1)      
 
 0.65      
 
        
 
 0.63      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 2014      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Net sales      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,246.1      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,314.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,358.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1,426.5      
 
            
 
 
 Gross profit      
 
        
 
 388.9      
 
        
 
 416.8      
 
        
 
 431.7      
 
        
 
 456.7      
 
            
 
 
 Operating income      
 
        
 
 232.1      
 
 (2)      
 
 255.8      
 
        
 
 267.8      
 
 (3)      
 
 278.9      
 
 (4)          
 
 
 Net income   attributable to Amphenol Corporation      
 
        
 
 158.5      
 
 (2)      
 
 174.9      
 
        
 
 182.2      
 
 (3)      
 
 193.5      
 
 (4)          
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Net income per   common share—Basic      
 
        
 
 0.50      
 
 (2)      
 
 0.56      
 
        
 
 0.58      
 
 (3)      
 
 0.62      
 
 (4)          
 
 
 Net income per   common share—Diluted      
 
        
 
 0.49      
 
 (2)      
 
 0.54      
 
        
 
 0.57      
 
 (3)      
 
 0.61      
 
 (4)             
   
 
 (1)               Operating income, net income and net income per common share includes acquisition-related expenses of $5.7 ($5.7 after-tax), or $0.02 per share, relating to acquisitions announced and closed in 2015.  Excluding this effect, net income per common share-diluted was $0.58 for the three months ended June 30, 2015. 
   
 (2)              Operating income, net income and net income per common share includes acquisition-related expenses of $2.0 ($1.3 after-tax), or $0.01 per share, relating to the amortization of the value associated with acquired backlog relating to an acquisition completed by the Company in the fourth quarter of 2013.  Excluding this effect, net income per common share-diluted was $0.50 for the three months ended March 31, 2014. 
   
 (3)               Operating income, net income and net income per common share includes acquisition-related expenses of $2.5 ($2.5 after-tax), or $0.01 per share relating to 2014 acquisitions.  Excluding this effect, net income per common share-diluted was $0.58 for the three months ended September 30, 2014. 
   
 (4)               Operating income, net income and net income per common share includes acquisition-related expenses of $1.8 ($1.5 after-tax) relating to 2014 acquisitions and $7.8 ($4.9 after-tax) relating to the acquired backlog of an acquisition completed in the third quarter of 2014 which aggregates $0.02 per share.  Excluding these effects, net income per common share-diluted was $0.63 for the three months ended December 31, 2014. 
   
 53 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
   
 None. 
   
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
   
 Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures as of the period covered by this report. Based on their evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded as of December 31, 2015 that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company’s principal executive and financial officers, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There has been no change in the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting during its most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 Management Report on Internal Control 
   
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of Amphenol Corporation and its subsidiaries (the “Company”).  Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting based on the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) Framework (2013).  Based on that evaluation, management concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2015. 
   
 Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB).  Those standards require that Deloitte & Touche LLP plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  Deloitte & Touche LLP has issued an attestation report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, which is included in this Annual Report in Item 8. 
   
 February 19, 2016 
   
 Item 9B. Other Information 
   
 None. 
   
 54 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 PART III 
   
 Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
   
 Pursuant to Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by Item 10 with respect to the Directors of the Registrant is incorporated by reference from the Company’s definitive proxy statement which is expected to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days following the end of the fiscal year covered by this report. 
   
 Pursuant to Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by Item 10 with respect to the Executive Officers of the Registrant is incorporated by reference from the Company’s definitive proxy statement which is expected to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days following the end of the fiscal year covered by this report. 
   
 Information regarding the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on the Company’s website, www.amphenol.com.  In addition a copy may be requested by writing to the Company’s World Headquarters at: 
   
 358 Hall Avenue 
 P.O. Box 5030 
 Wallingford, CT 06492 
 Attention: Investor Relations 
   
 Item 11.  Executive Compensation 
   
 Pursuant to Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference from the Company’s definitive proxy statement, which is expected to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days following the end of the fiscal year covered by this report. 
   
 Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
   
 Pursuant to Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference from the Company’s definitive proxy statement, which is expected to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days following the end of the fiscal year covered by this report. 
   
 Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
   
 Pursuant to Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference from the Company’s definitive proxy statement, which is expected to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days following the end of the fiscal year covered by this report. 
   
 Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
   
 Pursuant to Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference from the Company’s definitive proxy statement, which is expected to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days following the end of the fiscal year covered by this report. 
   
 55 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 PART IV 
   
 Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
   
 (a)(1) Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
 
 
 
        
 
 Page          
 
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting   Firm      
 
 27          
 
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income—Years Ended   December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013      
 
 28          
 
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income—Years   Ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013      
 
 29          
 
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets—December 31, 2015 and   2014      
 
 30          
 
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity—Years   Ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013      
 
 31          
 
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow—Years Ended   December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013      
 
 32          
 
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
 33          
 
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Management   Report on Internal Control      
 
 54          
 
 
        
 
            
 
 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement   Schedules for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2015      
 
            
 
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Schedule      
 
            
 
 
        
 
            
 
 
 II—Valuation and Qualifying   Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013      
 
 57             
   
 Schedules other than the above have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information has been disclosed in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
   
 (a)(3) Listing of Exhibits 
   
 See the Index of Exhibits immediately following the signature page of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
   
 56 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 SCHEDULE II 
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
 (Dollars in millions) 
   
 
 
 
        
 
        
 
 Balance at    beginning    of period      
 
        
 
 Charged to    cost and    expenses      
 
        
 
 Additions    (Deductions)      
 
        
 
 Balance at    end of    period      
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Receivable   Reserves:      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 Year ended 2015      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 20.2      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 3.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 1.7      
 
        
 
 $      
 
 25.6      
 
            
 
 
 Year ended 2014      
 
        
 
 12.0      
 
        
 
 9.7      
 
        
 
 (1.5      
 
 )      
 
 20.2      
 
            
 
 
 Year ended 2013      
 
        
 
 10.4      
 
        
 
 3.6      
 
        
 
 (2.0      
 
 )      
 
 12.0      
 
            
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
   
 57 
 
 
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Signatures 
   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the Town of Wallingford, State of Connecticut on the 19th day of February, 2016. 
   
 
 
 
        
 
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION          
 
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
 /s/   R. Adam Norwitt          
 
 
        
 
 R.   Adam Norwitt          
 
 
        
 
 President   and Chief Executive Officer             
   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and as of the date indicated below. 
   
 
 
 
 Signature      
 
        
 
 Title      
 
        
 
 Date          
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 /s/  R. Adam Norwitt      
 
        
 
 President   and Chief Executive Officer      
 
        
 
 February 19,   2016          
 
 
 R.   Adam Norwitt      
 
        
 
 (Principal   Executive Officer)      
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 /s/   Craig A. Lampo      
 
        
 
 Senior   Vice President and Chief Financial Officer      
 
        
 
 February 19,   2016          
 
 
 Craig   A. Lampo      
 
        
 
 (Principal   Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)      
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 /s/   Martin H. Loeffler      
 
        
 
 Chairman   of the Board of Directors      
 
        
 
 February 19,   2016          
 
 
 Martin   H. Loeffler      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 /s/   Ronald P. Badie      
 
        
 
 Director      
 
        
 
 February 19,   2016          
 
 
 Ronald   P. Badie      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 /s/   Stanley L. Clark      
 
        
 
 Director      
 
        
 
 February 19,   2016          
 
 
 Stanley   L. Clark      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 /s/   David P. Falck      
 
        
 
 Director      
 
        
 
 February 19,   2016          
 
 
 David   P. Falck      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 /s/   Edward G. Jepsen      
 
        
 
 Director      
 
        
 
 February 19,   2016          
 
 
 Edward   G. Jepsen      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 /s/   Randall D. Ledford      
 
        
 
 Director      
 
        
 
 February 19,   2016          
 
 
 Randall   D. Ledford      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 /s/   Andrew E. Lietz      
 
        
 
 Director      
 
        
 
 February 19,   2016          
 
 
 Andrew   E. Lietz      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 /s/   John R. Lord      
 
        
 
 Director      
 
        
 
 February 19,   2016          
 
 
 John   R. Lord      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
            
 
 
 /s/   Diana G. Reardon      
 
        
 
 Director      
 
        
 
 February 19,   2016          
 
 
 Diana   G. Reardon      
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
               
   
 58 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 Index of Exhibits 
   
 
 
 
 2.1      
 
        
 
 Letter Agreement, dated   June 27, 2015, by and between Fidji Luxembourg (BC4) Sarl, Amphenol East   Asia Limited and Amphenol Corporation (including the form of Sale and   Purchase Agreement, to be entered into by and among Fidji Luxembourg (BC4)   Sarl, Amphenol East Asia Limited and Amphenol Corporation) (filed as   Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2015). *          
 
 
 2.2      
 
        
 
 Sale and Purchase   Agreement, dated July 17, 2015, by and among Fidji Luxembourg (BC4)   Sarl, Amphenol East Asia Limited and Amphenol Corporation (filed as   Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2015). *          
 
 
 2.3      
 
        
 
 Amendment Agreement   (amending the Sale and Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”), dated   as of July 17, 2015), dated December 31, 2015, by and among Fidji   Luxembourg (BC4) Sarl, Amphenol East Asia Limited and Amphenol Corporation   (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K filed on January 4,   2016). *          
 
 
 3.1      
 
        
 
 Restated Certificate of   Incorporation of Amphenol Corporation, dated October 30, 2015 (filed as   Exhibit 3.1 to the September 30, 2015 10-Q).*          
 
 
 3.2      
 
        
 
 Amphenol Corporation,   Third Amended and Restated By-Laws dated April 25, 2014 (filed as   Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 8-K on April 28, 2014).*          
 
 
 4.1      
 
        
 
 Indenture, dated as of   November 5, 2009, between Amphenol Corporation and the Bank of New York   Mellon, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed on   November 5, 2009).*          
 
 
 4.2      
 
        
 
 Officers’ Certificate,   dated January 26, 2012, establishing the 4.00% Senior Notes due 2022   pursuant to the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K   filed on January 26, 2012).*          
 
 
 4.3      
 
        
 
 Officers’ Certificate,   dated January 30, 2014, establishing the 2.55% Senior Notes Pursuant to   the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed   January 30, 2014).*          
 
 
 4.4      
 
        
 
 Officer’s Certificate,   dated September 12, 2014, establishing both the 1.550% Senior Notes due   2017 and the 3.125% Senior Notes due 2021 pursuant to the Indenture (filed as   Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2014).*          
 
 
 10.1      
 
        
 
 Fourth Amended 2000   Stock Purchase and Option Plan for Key Employees of Amphenol and Subsidiaries   (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the June 30, 2007 10-Q).*          
 
 
 10.2      
 
        
 
 2009 Stock Purchase and   Option Plan for Key Employees of Amphenol and Subsidiaries (filed as   Exhibit 10.7 to the June 30, 2009 10-Q).*          
 
 
 10.3      
 
        
 
 The First Amendment to   the 2009 Stock Purchase and Option Plan for Key Employees of Amphenol and   Subsidiaries (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K on May 23,   2014).*          
 
 
 10.4      
 
        
 
 Form of 2009   Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement dated as of May 20, 2009   (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the June 30, 2009 10-Q).*          
 
 
 10.5      
 
        
 
 Form of 2009   Management Stockholders’ Agreement dated as of May 20, 2009 (filed as   Exhibit 10.9 to the June 30, 2009 10-Q).*          
 
 
 10.6      
 
        
 
 Pension Plan for   Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated effective   January 1, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the December 31,   2010 10-K).*          
 
 
 10.7      
 
        
 
 First Amendment to   Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated   effective January 1, 2011, dated May 23, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.18   to the June 30, 2012 10-Q).*          
 
 
 10.8      
 
        
 
 Second Amendment to   Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated   effective January 1, 2011, dated August 14, 2012 (filed as   Exhibit 10.19 to the September 30, 2012 10-Q).*          
 
 
 10.9      
 
        
 
 Third Amendment to   Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated   effective January 1, 2011, dated December 19, 2012 (filed as   Exhibit 10.18 to the December 31, 2012 10-K). *          
 
 
 10.10      
 
        
 
 Fourth Amendment to   Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated   effective January 1, 2011, dated April 24, 2013 (filed as   Exhibit 10.19 to the March 31, 2013 10-Q).*          
 
 
 10.11      
 
        
 
 Fifth Amendment to   Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated   effective January 1, 2011 dated December 11, 2013 (filed as   Exhibit 10.19 to the December 31, 2013 10-K).*          
 
 
 10.12      
 
        
 
 Sixth Amendment to   Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated   effective January 1, 2011 dated December 4, 2014 (filed as   Exhibit 10.36 to the December 31, 2014 10-K).*          
 
 
 10.13      
 
        
 
 Seventh Amendment to   Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated   effective January 1, 2011 dated December 17, 2015 (filed as   Exhibit 10.13 to the December 31, 2015 10-K).**          
 
 
 10.14      
 
        
 
 Amended and Restated   Amphenol Corporation Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (filed as   Exhibit 10.24 to the December 31, 2008 10-K).*          
 
 
 10.15      
 
        
 
 Amphenol Corporation   Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the December 31,   1997 10-K).*          
 
 
 10.16      
 
        
 
 The 2004 Stock   Option Plan for Directors of Amphenol Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.44   to the June 30, 2004 10-Q).*          
 
 
 10.17      
 
        
 
 The Amended 2004 Stock   Option Plan for Directors of Amphenol Corporation (filed as   Exhibit 10.29 to the June 30, 2008 10-Q).*          
 
 
 10.18      
 
        
 
 The 2012 Restricted   Stock Plan for Directors of Amphenol Corporation dated May 24, 2012   (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the June 30, 2012 10-Q).*             
   
 59 
 
 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
   
 
 
 
 10.19      
 
        
 
 2012 Restricted Stock   Plan for Directors of Amphenol Corporation Restricted Share Award Agreement   dated May 24, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the June 30, 2012   10-Q).*          
 
 
 10.20      
 
        
 
 2016 Amphenol   Corporation Management Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the   December 31, 2015 10-K).**          
 
 
 10.21      
 
        
 
 2014 Amphenol   Corporation Executive Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the   Form 8-K on May 23, 2014).*          
 
 
 10.22      
 
        
 
 Credit Agreement, dated   as of August 13, 2010, among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the   Company, a syndicate of financial institutions and Bank of America, N.A.   acting as the administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the   Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2010).*          
 
 
 10.23      
 
        
 
 First Amendment to   Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2011, among the Company, certain   subsidiaries of the Company, a syndicate of financial institutions and Bank   of America, N.A. acting as the administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.38   to the June 30, 2011 10-Q).*          
 
 
 10.24      
 
        
 
 Continuing Agreement   for Standby Letters of Credit between the Company and Deutsche Bank dated   March 4, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.36 to the March 31, 2009   10-Q).*          
 
 
 10.25      
 
        
 
 Agreement and Plan of   Merger among Amphenol Acquisition Corporation, Allied Corporation and the   Company, dated April 1, 1987, and the Amendment thereto dated as of   May 15, 1987 (filed as Exhibit 2 to the 1987 Registration   Statement).*          
 
 
 10.26      
 
        
 
 Settlement Agreement   among Allied Signal Inc., the Company and LPL Investment Group, Inc.   dated November 28, 1988 (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the 1991   Registration Statement).*          
 
 
 10.27      
 
        
 
 The Amphenol   Corporation Employee Savings/401(k) Plan Adoption Agreement as amended   and restated effective December 14, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 10.32 to   the December 31, 2011 10-K).*          
 
 
 10.28      
 
        
 
 First Amendment to The   Amphenol Corporation Employee Savings/401(k) Plan Adoption Agreement as   amended and restated effective December 14, 2011, dated March 30,   2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.36 to the June 30, 2012 10-Q).*          
 
 
 10.29      
 
        
 
 Second Amendment to The   Amphenol Corporation Employee Savings/401(k) Plan Adoption Agreement as   amended and restated effective December 14, 2011, dated April 10,   2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.37 to the June 30, 2012 10-Q).*          
 
 
 10.30      
 
        
 
 Third Amendment to The   Amphenol Corporation Profit Sharing/401(K) Plan Adoption Agreement as   amended and restated effective October 1, 2013, dated September 20,   2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.40 to the December 31, 2013 10-K)*          
 
 
 10.31      
 
        
 
 Restated Amphenol   Corporation Supplemental Defined Contribution Plan (filed as   Exhibit 10.30 to the September 30, 2011 10-Q).*          
 
 
 10.32      
 
        
 
 Amphenol Corporation   Supplemental Defined Contribution Plan as amended and restated effective   January 1, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the December 31,   2011 10-K).*          
 
 
 10.33      
 
        
 
 Second Amendment to   Credit Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2013, among the Company, certain   subsidiaries of the Company, a syndicate of financial institutions and   JPMorgan Chase, N.A. acting as the administrative agent (filed as   Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2013).*          
 
 
 10.34      
 
        
 
 Credit Agreement, dated   October 7, 2013, among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company   and Sovereign Bank, N.A. with an effective date of October 18, 2013   (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on October 21,   2013).*          
 
 
 10.35      
 
        
 
 Amended and Restated   Credit Agreement, dated May 30, 2014, among the Company, certain   subsidiaries of the Company, a syndicate of financial institutions and   Santander Bank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed   on June 4, 2014).*          
 
 
 10.36      
 
        
 
 Commercial paper   program form of Dealer Agreement dated as of August 29, 2014 between the   Company, Citibank Global Markets and JP Morgan Securities LLC (filed as   Exhibit 10.1 to the form 8-K filed on September 5, 2014).*          
 
 
 21.1      
 
        
 
 Subsidiaries of the   Company.**          
 
 
 23.1      
 
        
 
 Consent of   Deloitte & Touche LLP.**          
 
 
 31.1      
 
        
 
 Certification pursuant   to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14; as adopted pursuant to   Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. **          
 
 
 31.2      
 
        
 
 Certification pursuant   to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14; as adopted pursuant to   Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. **          
 
 
 32.1      
 
        
 
 Certification pursuant to   18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley   Act of 2002. **          
 
 
 32.2      
 
        
 
 Certification pursuant to   18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley   Act of 2002. **          
 
 
 101.INS      
 
        
 
 XBRL Instance   Document.**          
 
 
 101.SCH      
 
        
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension   Schema Document.**          
 
 
 101.CAL      
 
        
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension   Calculation Linkbase Document.**          
 
 
 101.DEF      
 
        
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension   Definition Linkbase Document.**          
 
 
 101.LAB      
 
        
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension   Label Linkbase Document.**          
 
 
 101.PRE      
 
        
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension   Presentation Linkbase Document.**             
   
 
 *                                           Incorporated herein by reference as stated. 
 **                                    Filed herewith. 
   
 60 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
