
 10-K
 1
 t1500098_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 
      
 
 

 

   

 

   

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

   

 

   

   

 FORM 10-K 

   

   

   

 (Mark One) 

 
 x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

   

 For the fiscal year ended December 31,
2014 

   

 OR 

   

 
 ¨ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

   

 For the transition period from                       
to                       

   

 Commission file number: 001-35784  

   

   

   

 NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

   

   

   

 
 
     Bermuda 
     98-0691007 
 
     
         (State or other jurisdiction of 
         incorporation or organization) 
     
         (I.R.S. Employer 
         Identification No.) 
 
   

 7665 Corporate Center Drive, Miami, Florida
33126  

 (Address of principal executive offices)
(zip code)  

   

 (305) 436-4000  

 (Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code)  

   

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:  

   

 
 
     Title of each class 
     Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
     Ordinary shares, par value $.001 per share 
     The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
 
   

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None  

   

   

   

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes   x     No   ¨ 

   

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes   ¨     No   x 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   x     No   ¨ 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x     No   ¨ 

   

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K.   x 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company (See the definitions
of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act). 

   

 
 
     Large accelerated filer 
     x 
     Accelerated filer 
     ¨ 
 
       
       
       
       
 
     Non-accelerated filer 
     ¨   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller reporting company 
     ¨ 
 
   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes   ¨     No   x 

   

 As of June 30, 2014, the last business
day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by
non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the closing sales price for the registrant’s ordinary shares as reported on
The NASDAQ Stock Market was $2.8 billion. 

   

 There were 227,718,824 ordinary shares outstanding as
of February 20, 2015. 

   

 Documents Incorporated by Reference  

   

 Portions of the Proxy Statement for the registrant’s
2015 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after
December 31, 2014, are incorporated by reference in Part III herein. 

   

   

 
       
       
     

   

 NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. 

   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 
 
       
       
     Page 
 
       
       
       
 
     PART I 
       
       
 
     Item 1. 
     Business 
     5 
 
     Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors 
     24 
 
     Item 1B. 
     Unresolved Staff Comments 
     34 
 
     Item 2. 
     Properties 
     34 
 
     Item 3. 
     Legal Proceedings 
     35 
 
     Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures 
     35 
 
       
       
       
 
     PART II 
       
       
 
     Item 5. 
     Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     36 
 
     Item 6. 
     Selected Financial Data 
     38 
 
     Item 7. 
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     39 
 
     Item 7A. 
     Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
     50 
 
     Item 8. 
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
     50 
 
     Item 9. 
     Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
     50 
 
     Item 9A. 
     Controls and Procedures 
     50 
 
     Item 9B. 
     Other Information 
     51 
 
       
       
       
 
     PART III 
       
       
 
     Item 10. 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
     54 
 
     Item 11. 
     Executive Compensation 
     54 
 
     Item 12. 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
     54 
 
     Item 13. 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
     54 
 
     Item 14. 
     Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
     54 
 
       
       
       
 
     PART IV 
       
       
 
     Item 15. 
     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
     55 
 
     Signatures 
       
     56 
 


 

   


 
       
       
     

   

 Terms Used in this Annual Report 

   

 Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references
in this annual report to (i) the “Company,” “we,” “our” and “us” refer to NCLH
(as defined below) and its subsidiaries (including Prestige (as defined below), except for periods prior to the consummation of
the Acquisition of Prestige (as defined below)), (ii) “NCLC” refers to NCL Corporation Ltd., (iii) “NCLH”
refers to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., (iv) “Norwegian Cruise Line” or “Norwegian” refers to the
Norwegian Cruise Line brand and its predecessors and “NCL America” or “NCLA” refers to our U.S.-flagged
operations, (v) “Prestige” refers to Prestige Cruises International, Inc., a Panamanian corporation, together with
its consolidated subsidiaries, (vi) “PCH” refers to Prestige Cruise Holdings, Inc., Prestige’s direct wholly-owned
subsidiary, which in turn is the parent of Oceania Cruises, Inc. (“Oceania”) and the parent of Seven Seas Cruises S.
DE R.L. (“Regent”). Oceania also refers to the brand Oceania Cruises and Regent also refers to the brand Regent Seven
Seas Cruises, (vii) “Apollo” refers to Apollo Global Management, LLC, its subsidiaries and the affiliated funds it
manages and the “Apollo Funds” refers to one or more of AIF VI NCL (AIV), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV II), L.P., AIF VI NCL
(AIV III), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV IV), L.P., AAA Guarantor – Co-Invest VI (B), L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware) VI,
L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware 892) VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Germany) VI,
L.P., AAA Guarantor — Co-Invest VII, L.P., AIF VI Euro Holdings, L.P., AIF VII Euro Holdings, L.P., Apollo Alternative Assets,
L.P., Apollo Management VI, L.P. and Apollo Management VII, L.P., (viii) “TPG Global” refers to TPG Global, LLC, “TPG”
refers to TPG Global and its affiliates and the “TPG Viking Funds” refers to one or more of TPG Viking, L.P., TPG Viking
AIV I, L.P., TPG Viking AIV II, L.P., and TPG Viking AIV III, L.P. and/or certain other affiliated investment funds, each an affiliate
of TPG, (ix) “Genting HK” refers to Genting Hong Kong Limited and/or its affiliates (formerly Star Cruises Limited
and/or its affiliates), and (x) “Affiliate(s)” or “Sponsor(s)” refers to Genting HK, the Apollo Funds and/or
the TPG Viking Funds. References to the “U.S.” are to the United States of America, “dollars” or “$”
are to U.S. dollars, “U.K.” are to the United Kingdom and “euros” or “€” are to the official
currency of the Eurozone. 

   

 This annual report includes certain non-GAAP financial measures,
such as Net Revenue, Net Yield, Net Cruise Cost, Adjusted Net Yield, Adjusted Net Revenue, Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel,
Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS. Definitions of these non-GAAP financial measures are included below. For
further information about our non-GAAP financial measures including detailed adjustments made in calculating our non-GAAP financial
measures and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, we refer you to “Item 7—Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” 

   

 Unless otherwise indicated, in this annual report, the following
terms have the meanings set forth below: 

   

 
 • Acquisition of Prestige . In November 2014, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, we acquired Prestige in a cash and stock
transaction for total consideration of $3.025 billion, including the assumption of debt. The acquisition consideration is subject
to an additional cash payment of up to $50 million upon achievement of certain 2015 revenue milestones. 

   

 
 • Adjusted EBITDA .   EBITDA adjusted for other income (expense) and other supplemental adjustments. 

   

 
 • Adjusted EPS. Adjusted Net Income divided by the number of diluted weighted-average shares. 

   

 
 • Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel .   Net Cruise Cost less fuel expense adjusted for supplemental
adjustments. 

   

 
 • Adjusted Net Income .   Net income adjusted for supplemental adjustments. 

   

 
 • Adjusted Net Revenue .   Net Revenue adjusted for supplemental adjustments. 

   

 
 • Adjusted Net Yield .   Net Yield adjusted for supplemental adjustments. 

   

 
 • Berths .   Double occupancy capacity per cabin (single occupancy per studio cabin) even though many cabins
can accommodate three or more passengers. 

   

 
 • Breakaway Class Ships .   Norwegian Breakaway and Norwegian Getaway. 

   

 
 • Breakaway Plus Class Ships .   The next generation of ships which are similar in design and innovation
to Breakaway Class Ships. 

   

 
 • Business Enhancement Capital Expenditures.    Capital expenditures other than those related to new ship
construction and ROI Capital Expenditures. 

   

 
 • Capacity Days .   Available Berths multiplied by the number of cruise days for the period. 

   

 
 • Charter .   The hire of a ship for a specified period of time. 

   

 
 • CLIA .   Cruise Lines International Association, Inc., a non-profit marketing and training organization
formed in 1975 to promote cruising. 

   


 
     1 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 • Constant Currency .   A calculation whereby foreign currency-denominated revenue and expenses in a period
are converted at the U.S. dollar exchange rate of a comparable period in order to eliminate the effects of the foreign exchange
fluctuations. 

   

 
 • Dry-dock .   A process whereby a ship is positioned in a large basin where all the fresh/sea water is
pumped out in order to carry out cleaning and repairs of those parts of a ship which are below the water line. 

   

 
 • EPS .   Earnings per share. 

   

 
 • EBITDA .   Earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization. 

   

 
 • GAAP .   Generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. 

   

 
 • Gross Cruise Cost .   The sum of total cruise operating expense and marketing, general and administrative
expense. 

   

 
 • Gross Tons .   A unit of enclosed passenger space on a cruise ship, such that one Gross Ton = 100 cubic
feet or 2.831 cubic meters. 

   

 
 • Gross Yield .   Total revenue per Capacity Day. 

   

 
 • IMO .   International Maritime Organization, a United Nations agency that sets international standards
for shipping. 

   

 
 • IPO .   The initial public offering of 27,058,824 ordinary shares, par value $.001 per share, of NCLH,
which was consummated on January 24, 2013. 

   

 
 • Major North American Cruise Brands .   Norwegian Cruise Line, Carnival Cruise Lines, Royal Caribbean International,
Holland America, Princess Cruises and Celebrity Cruises. 

   

 
 • Management NCL Corporation Units .   NCLC’s previously outstanding profits interests issued to management
(or former management) of NCLC which were converted into units in NCLC in connection with our corporate reorganization. 

   

 
 • Merger Agreement.  Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 2, 2014, by and among Prestige, NCLH, Portland
Merger Sub, Inc. and Apollo Management, L.P., as amended, for the Acquisition of Prestige. 

   

 
 • Net Cruise Cost .   Gross Cruise Cost less commissions, transportation and other expense and onboard and
other expense. 

   

 
 • Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel .   Net Cruise Cost less fuel expense. 

   

 
 • Net Revenue .   Total revenue less commissions, transportation and other expense and onboard and other
expense. 

   

 
 • Net Yield .   Net Revenue per Capacity Day. 

   

 
 • Norwegian Sky Purchase Agreement .   Memorandum of agreement, dated June 1, 2012, between Ample Avenue
Limited, as seller, and Norwegian Sky, Ltd., as buyer, related to our purchase of Norwegian Sky. 

   

 
 • Norwegian Stand-alone .   Results of operations excluding consolidation of results of Prestige. 

   

 
 • Occupancy Percentage .   The ratio of Passenger Cruise Days to Capacity Days. A percentage in excess of
100% indicates that three or more passengers occupied some cabins. 

   

 
 • Passenger Cruise Days .   The number of passengers carried for the period, multiplied by the number of
days in their respective cruises. 

   

 
 • Regent Seven Seas Transaction .   The transaction that closed on January 31, 2008, pursuant to which
PCH purchased substantially all of the assets of Regent Seven Seas Cruises, Inc. and the equity of certain of its affiliated companies
and joint ventures from Carlson Cruises Worldwide, Inc. and Vlasov Shipping Corporation. 

   

 
 • R-Class ship and O-Class ship . Oceania operates five ships. The R-Class ships are highly-rated five-star ships featuring
country club style accommodations. The O-Class ships feature private balconies in 95% of staterooms. 

   

 
 • ROI Capital Expenditures.    Comprised of project-based capital expenditures which have a quantified return
on investment. 

   

 
 • SEC .   U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

   

 
 • Secondary Equity Offering(s).   Secondary public offering(s) of NCLH’s ordinary shares in March 2014,
December 2013 and August 2013. 

   

 
 • Selling Shareholders . Certain of the Apollo Funds and Star NCLC Holdings Ltd. (“Star NCLC”). Genting HK
owns NCLH’s ordinary shares indirectly through Star NCLC, its wholly-owned subsidiary. 

   

 
 • Shipboard Retirement Plan.  An unfunded defined benefit pension plan for certain crew members which computes benefits
based on years of service, subject to certain requirements. 

   

 
 • Upscale Segment .   The combination of the upper premium and luxury segments of the cruise industry. 

   


 
     2 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Industry and Market Data  

   

 This annual report includes market share and industry data and
forecasts that we obtained from industry publications, third-party surveys and internal Company surveys. Industry publications,
including those from CLIA and surveys and forecasts generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from
sources believed to be reliable. All CLIA information, obtained from the CLIA website “www.cruising.org,” relates
to CLIA member lines. All other references to third-party information are to information that is publicly available at nominal
or no cost. We use the most currently available industry and market data to support statements as to our market position. 

   

 Although we believe that the industry publications and third-party
sources are reliable, we have not independently verified any of the data from industry publications or third-party sources. Similarly,
while we believe our internal estimates with respect to our industry are reliable, our estimates have not been verified by any
independent sources. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding any industry data presented herein, our estimates, in
particular as they relate to market share and our general expectations, involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change
based on various factors, including those discussed under “Item 1A—Risk Factors” and “Item 7— Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this annual report. 

   

 Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements  

   

 Certain statements in this annual report constitute forward-looking
statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained, or incorporated by reference, in this annual report,
including, without limitation, those regarding our business strategy, financial position, results of operations, plans, prospects
and objectives of management for future operations (including development plans and objectives relating to our activities), are
forward-looking statements. Many, but not all, of these statements can be found by looking for words like “expect,”
“anticipate,” “goal,” “project,” “plan,” “believe,” “seek,”
“will,” “may,” “forecast,” “estimate,” “intend” and “future”
and similar words. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and may involve risks, uncertainties and other
factors which could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance
or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. Examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors
include, but are not limited to: 

   

 
 • the effects of costs incurred in connection with the Acquisition of Prestige; 

   

 
 • the ability to realize, or delays in realizing, the anticipated benefits of the Acquisition of Prestige; 

   

 
 • the assumption of certain potential liabilities relating to Prestige’s business; 

   

 
 • the diversion of management’s attention away from operations as a result of the integration of Prestige’s business; 

   

 
 • the effect that the Acquisition of Prestige may have on employee relations and on our ability to retain key personnel; 

   

 
 • the adverse impact of general economic conditions and related factors, such as fluctuating or increasing levels of unemployment,
underemployment and the volatility of fuel prices, declines in the securities and real estate markets, and perceptions of these
conditions that decrease the level of disposable income of consumers or consumer confidence; 

   

 
 • the risks associated with operating internationally, including changes in interest rates and/or foreign currency exchange rates; 

   

 
 • changes in fuel prices and/or other cruise operating costs; 

   

 
 • our efforts to expand our business into new markets; 

   

 
 • our substantial indebtedness, including the ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, and to generate the
necessary amount of cash to service our existing debt; 

   

 
 • restrictions in the agreements governing our indebtedness that limit our flexibility in operating our business; 

   

 
 • the significant portion of our assets pledged as collateral under our existing debt agreements and the ability of our creditors
to accelerate the repayment of our indebtedness; 

   

 
 • our ability to incur significantly more debt despite our substantial existing indebtedness; 

   

 
 • the impact of volatility and disruptions in the global credit and financial markets, which may adversely affect our ability
to borrow and could increase our counterparty credit risks, including those under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent
obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees; 

   


 
     3 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 • adverse events impacting the security of travel, such as terrorist acts, acts of piracy, armed conflict and threats thereof
and other international events; 

   

 
 • the impact of the spread of epidemics and viral outbreaks; 

   

 
 • the impact of any future changes relating to how external distribution channels sell and market our cruises; 

   

 
 • our reliance on third parties to provide hotel management services to certain of our ships and certain other services; 

   

 
 • the impact of delays in our shipbuilding program and ship repairs, maintenance and refurbishments; 

   

 
 • the impact of any future increases in the price of, or major changes or reduction in, commercial airline services; 

   

 
 • the impact of seasonal variations in passenger fare rates and occupancy levels at different times of the year; 

   

 
 • the effect of adverse incidents involving cruise ships and our ability to obtain adequate insurance coverage; 

   

 
 • the impact of any breaches in data security or other disturbances to our information technology and other networks; 

   

 
 • our ability to keep pace with developments in technology; 

   

 
 • the impact of amendments to our collective bargaining agreements for crew members and other employee relation issues; 

   

 
 • the continued availability of attractive port destinations; 

   

 
 • the impact of pending or threatened litigation, investigations and enforcement actions; 

   

 
 • changes involving the tax and environmental regulatory regimes in which we operate; 

   

 
 • the control of our business by our Sponsors; and 

   

 
 • other factors set forth under “Risk Factors.” 

   

 The above examples are not exhaustive and new risks emerge from
time to time. Our forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs, assumptions, expectations, estimates and projections
regarding our present and future business strategies and the environment in which we will operate in the future. These forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date made. Except as required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release
publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in our expectations with
regard thereto or any change of events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement was based. 

   


 
     4 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 PART I  

   

 Item 1. Business  

   

 History and Development of the Company  

   

 NCLH is a diversified cruise operator of leading global cruise
lines spanning market segments from contemporary to luxury under the Norwegian, Oceania and Regent brands. These brands operate
21 ships with approximately 40,000 Berths visiting approximately 420 worldwide destinations. The Company’s brands will introduce
six additional ships through 2019 increasing the total Berths to approximately 58,000. Norwegian is the innovator in cruise
travel with a history of breaking the boundaries of traditional cruising, most notably with the introduction of “Freestyle
Cruising,” which revolutionized the industry by giving guests more freedom and flexibility on the most contemporary ships
at sea. Oceania is the market leader in the upper-premium cruise segment featuring the finest cuisine at sea, elegant accommodations,
impeccable service and destination-driven itineraries. Regent is the market leader in the luxury cruise segment with all-suite
accommodations, highly personalized service and the industry’s most inclusive luxury experience featuring round-trip air,
fine wines and spirits and unlimited shore excursions among its numerous included amenities. 

   

 Norwegian commenced operations from Miami in 1966. In February 2000,
Genting HK acquired control of and subsequently became the sole owner of the Norwegian operations. 

   

 In January 2008, the Apollo Funds acquired 50% of the outstanding
ordinary share capital of NCLC. As part of this investment, the Apollo Funds assumed control of NCLC’s Board of Directors.
Also, in January 2008, the TPG Viking Funds acquired, in the aggregate, 12.5% of NCLC’s outstanding share capital from the
Apollo Funds. 

   

 On January 24, 2013, NCLH completed its IPO, pursuant to which it
sold 27,058,824 ordinary shares for net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated expenses,
of approximately $473.9 million. 

   

 In August 2013, December 2013 and March 2014, the Sponsors completed
the Secondary Equity Offerings. 

   

 In November 2014, we completed the Acquisition of Prestige. We believe
that the combination of Norwegian and Prestige creates a diversified cruise operating company with a rich product portfolio and
strong market presence. Prestige holds a leading position in the Upscale Segment of the cruise industry. Prestige’s well-known
Oceania and Regent brands focus on providing guests with vacation experiences onboard eight mid-size cruise ships that are characterized
by high-quality service, gourmet cuisine, luxurious accommodations and itineraries to worldwide destinations. 

   

 As a result of the aforementioned transactions, the Sponsors owned
56.0% of NCLH’s ordinary shares as of December 31, 2014. 

   

 Corporate Reorganization  

   

 In February 2011, NCLH, a Bermuda limited company, was formed with
the issuance to the Sponsors of, in aggregate, 10,000 ordinary shares, with a par value of $.001 per share. In connection with
the consummation of the IPO, the Sponsors’ ordinary shares in NCLC were exchanged for the ordinary shares of NCLH, and NCLH
became the owner of 100% of the ordinary shares and parent company of NCLC (the “Corporate Reorganization”). At the
same time, NCLH contributed $460.0 million to NCLC and the historical financial statements of NCLC became those of NCLH. The Corporate
Reorganization was effected solely for the purpose of reorganizing our corporate structure. NCLH had not, prior to the completion
of the Corporate Reorganization, conducted any activities other than those incidental to its formation and to prepare for the Corporate
Reorganization and IPO. 

   

 NCLC was treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
and the terms of the partnership (including the economic rights with respect thereto) were set forth in an amended and restated
tax agreement for NCLC. Economic interests in NCLC were represented by the partnership interests established under the tax agreement,
which we refer to as “NCL Corporation Units.” 

   

 In connection with the Corporate Reorganization, NCLC’s outstanding
profits interests granted under the profits sharing agreement to management (or former management) of NCLC were exchanged for an
economically equivalent number of NCL Corporation Units. We refer to the NCL Corporation Units exchanged for profits interests
granted under the profits sharing agreement as Management NCL Corporation Units. As a result of the Corporate Reorganization, the
Management NCL Corporation Units created a non-controlling interest within NCLH. The Management NCL Corporation Units received
upon the exchange of outstanding profits interests were subject to the same time-based vesting requirements and performance-based
vesting requirements applicable to the profits interests for which they were exchanged. The Management NCL Corporation Units issued
in exchange for the profits interests represented a 2.7% economic interest in NCLC as of the consummation of the IPO. 

   

 Subject to certain procedures and restrictions (including the vesting
schedules applicable to the Management NCL Corporation Units and any applicable legal and contractual restrictions), each holder
of Management NCL Corporation Units had the right to cause NCLC and NCLH to exchange the holder’s Management NCL Corporation
Units for ordinary shares of NCLH at an exchange rate equal to one ordinary share for every Management NCL Corporation Unit (or,
at NCLC’s election, a cash payment equal to the value of the exchanged Management NCL Corporation Units), subject to customary
adjustments for stock splits, subdivisions, combinations 

   


 
     5 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 and similar extraordinary events. Any non-pro rata tax distributions
made to a Management NCL Corporation Unit holder would have reduced the amount of NCLH’s ordinary shares (or cash) that the
holder would have otherwise received upon exchange. On August 19, 2013, NCLH filed a registration statement with the SEC to
register on a continuous basis the issuance of the ordinary shares received by the holders of Management NCL Corporation Units
who elected to exchange. 

   

 When a holder of a Management NCL Corporation Unit exchanged such
unit for one of NCLH’s ordinary shares (or a cash payment equal to the value of one of such ordinary shares), the relative
economic interests of the exchanging NCL Corporation Unit holder and the holders of ordinary shares of NCLH were not altered. As
a result of the Corporate Reorganization, a non-controlling interest was created within NCLH and NCLH’s financial statements
and financial results differ from NCLC’s in certain respects. 

   

 In the fourth quarter of 2014, all Management NCL Corporation Units
were exchanged for NCLH ordinary shares and restricted shares. NCLH became the sole member and 100% owner of the economic interests
in NCLC and the non-controlling interest no longer exists. Accordingly, NCLC is now treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. No new NCLC profits interests or Management NCL Corporation Units will be issued; however, NCLH has granted,
and expects to continue to grant, options to acquire its ordinary shares to our management team under its long-term incentive plan. 

   

 Our Sponsors 

   

 Apollo  

   

 Apollo Global Management, LLC, founded in 1990, is a leading global
alternative investment manager with offices in New York, Los Angeles, Houston, Toronto, London, Frankfurt, Luxembourg, Singapore,
Hong Kong and Mumbai. As of December 31, 2014, Apollo had assets under management of $160.0 billion invested in its private
equity, credit and real estate businesses. 

   

 Investment funds managed by Apollo also have current and past investments
in other travel and leisure companies, including Caesars Entertainment, Great Wolf Resorts, Vail Resorts, AMC Entertainment, Wyndham
International and other hotel properties. Apollo had held a controlling interest in Prestige since 2007, which was transferred
to NCLH in connection with the Acquisition of Prestige. 

   

 TPG  

   

 TPG is a leading global private investment firm founded in 1992
with over $65 billion of assets under management as of December 31, 2014 and offices in San Francisco, Fort Worth, Austin,
Beijing, Dallas, Hong Kong, Houston, London, Luxembourg, Melbourne, Moscow, Mumbai, New York, São Paulo, Shanghai, Singapore,
Tokyo and Toronto. TPG has extensive experience with global public and private investments executed through leveraged buyouts,
recapitalizations, spinouts, growth investments, joint ventures and restructurings. The firm’s investments span a variety
of industries including healthcare, energy, industrials, consumer/retail, technology, media & communications, software, financial
services, travel, entertainment and real estate. 

   

 Genting HK  

   

 Genting HK was founded in 1993 and through its subsidiary, Star
Cruises Asia Holding Ltd., operates a leading cruise line in the Asia Pacific region. Its headquarters are located in Hong Kong
and it is represented in more than 20 locations worldwide, with offices and representatives in Asia, Australia, Europe and the
U.S. Genting HK currently has a fleet of six ships, which offer various cruise itineraries in the Asia Pacific region. 

   

 Additional Information  

   

 We are incorporated under the laws of Bermuda. Our registered offices
are located at Cumberland House, 9th Floor, 1 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda. Our principal executive offices are located
at 7665 Corporate Center Drive, Miami, Florida 33126. Our telephone number is (305) 436-4000. Our website is located at www.nclhltdinvestor.com.
The information that appears on our websites is not part of, and is not incorporated by reference into this annual report or any
other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. Daniel S. Farkas, the Company’s Senior Vice President and General Counsel,
is our agent for service of process at our principal executive offices. 

   

 Our Industry and Competition 

   

 The various cruise lines that make up the global cruise vacation
industry have historically been segmented by product offering and service quality into “contemporary,” “premium,”
and “luxury” segments. The contemporary segment generally includes cruises on larger ships that last seven days or
less, provide a casual ambiance and are less expensive on average than the premium or luxury segment cruises. The premium segment
is generally characterized by cruises that last from seven to 14 nights with a higher quality product offering than the contemporary
segment, appealing to a more affluent demographic. The luxury segment generally offers the highest level of service and quality,
with longer cruises on the smallest ships. We believe that Oceania offers an “upper-premium” cruise experience, therefore,
we categorize it in an “upper-premium” segment. 

   


 
     6 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 In classifying Norwegian’s competitors within the Major North
American Cruise Brands, the contemporary segment has historically included Carnival Corporation and Royal Caribbean Cruises. The
premium segment has historically included Celebrity Cruises, Holland America and Princess Cruises. We believe that Norwegian straddles
the contemporary and premium segments and offers a combination of value and leisure services to cruise guests. 

   

 Oceania’s and Regent’s competition typically includes
Azamara Club Cruises (owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises) in the upper premium segment and Crystal Cruises, Silversea Cruises and
Seabourn Cruise Line (owned by Carnival Corporation) in the luxury segment. Collectively, these operators make up Prestige’s
Upscale Segment competition. Historically, people 55 years of age and older have had the highest disposable income levels and the
most leisure time, making them prime candidates for Upscale Segment cruising given the longer itineraries and higher per diems
of cruises in this category. 

   

 Our Company 

   

 Norwegian Business Overview  

   

 Norwegian offers a wide variety of cruises ranging in length from
one day to three weeks. Each of Norwegian’s 13 modern ships has been purpose-built to consistently deliver the “Freestyle
Cruising” product offering, which we believe provides Norwegian with a competitive advantage by differentiating it from other
cruise line offerings. By focusing on “Freestyle Cruising,” Norwegian has been able to achieve higher onboard spend
levels, greater guest loyalty and the ability to attract a more diverse clientele. “Freestyle Cruising” offers flexibility
and choice to our guests who prefer to dine when they want, with whomever they want and without having to dress formally. 

   

 During 2014, Norwegian’s ships docked at 126 ports worldwide,
with itineraries originating from 19 ports of which 13 are in North America. In line with Norwegian’s strategy of innovation,
many of these North American ports are part of the “Homeland Cruising” program in which it has homeports that are close
to major population centers, such as New York, Boston and Miami. This reduces the need for vacationers to fly to distant ports
to embark on a cruise and helps reduce Norwegian guests’ overall vacation cost. Norwegian offers a wide selection of exotic
itineraries outside of the traditional cruising markets of the Caribbean and Mexico, including cruises in Europe (the Mediterranean
and the Baltic), Bermuda, Alaska, and the industry’s only entirely inter-island itinerary in Hawaii with Norwegian’s
U.S.-flagged ship, Pride of America. Norwegian’s Hawaii itinerary is unparalleled in the cruise industry, as all other ships
from competing cruise lines are registered outside the U.S. and are required to dock at a distant foreign port when providing their
guests with a Hawaii-based cruise itinerary. 

   

 By providing such a distinctive experience and an appealing combination
of value and service, Norwegian straddles both the contemporary and premium segments. Norwegian has been recognized for its achievements
as the recipient of multiple honorary awards, mainly consisting of reviews tabulated from the readers of travel periodicals such
as Travel Weekly, Condé Nast Traveler, and Travel + Leisure as well as being recognized as “Europe’s Leading
Cruise Line” seven years in a row, and as both “Caribbean’s Leading Cruise Line” and “World’s
Leading Large Ship Cruise Line” by the World Travel Awards. Norwegian Breakaway, which was launched in 2013, was named “Best
New Ship” by the editors of Cruise Critic and “Best Rookie Cruise Ship” by the readers of Travel Weekly. Norwegian
Getaway, which was launched in January 2014, was Bon Voyage Magazine’s Editor’s Choice for “Best New Ship,”
Travel Weekly Readers’ Choice “Best New Ship” in 2014 and TravAlliance Travvy Awards “Best Cruise Ship, Contemporary” in 2015. 

   

 We have continued to add new ships to our fleet. Orders have been
placed with Meyer Werft for four Breakaway Plus Class Ships for delivery in the fall of 2015, spring of 2017, spring of
2018 and fall of 2019. These ships will be the largest in Norwegian’s fleet at approximately 164,600 Gross Tons and up to
4,200 Berths. Each will be similar in design and innovation to the Breakaway Class Ships. The combined contract price of these
four ships is approximately €3.0 billion, or $3.6 billion based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31,
2014. Norwegian has export credit financing in place that provides financing for 80% of each of the ships’ contract prices. 

   

 Prestige Business Overview  

   

 Prestige is a leading operator in the Upscale Segment of the cruise
industry with two cruise brands, Oceania and Regent. These two brands operate a total of eight ships with over 6,400 Berths, accounting
for approximately 46% of the capacity measured by Berths of the Upscale Segment. Most suites and staterooms in Prestige’s
fleet feature a private balcony which caters to customers in the Upscale Segment. These customers are typically affluent, well-traveled
retirees who are high repeat guests and book reservations far in advance. We believe Prestige’s fleet has some of the highest
space-to-guest and crew-to-passenger ratios in the industry, providing our guests with luxurious accommodations and individually-tailored
service levels. We believe Prestige has a highly attractive financial profile, with industry-leading Net Yields and high visibility
to future bookings. 

   

 Oceania operates a fleet of five mid-size ships, providing our
customers with an upscale and sophisticated experience including personalized service and elegant accommodations. Oceania offers
destination-oriented cruises to approximately 330 ports around the globe, and includes two 1,250 Berth O-Class ships, which were
added in 2011 and 2012 and three 684 Berth R-Class ships. Oceania is ranked as one of the world’s best cruise lines by Condé
Nast Traveler, Travel + Leisure, and Cruise Critic. Oceania ships received “Best Dining,” “Best Public Rooms”
and “Best Cabins” from Cruise Critic Cruisers’ Choice Awards in 2014. In November 2014, we purchased a ship
from a third party to join the Oceania fleet which will be named Sirena. After its current Charter ends in March 2016, we will
extensively refurbish the ship to Oceania standards and it will be a sister ship to the R-class ships. The third party provided
financing for the contract price. 


 

   


 
     7 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

  Regent offers a luxury all-inclusive cruise vacation experience,
including free air transportation, a pre-cruise hotel night stay, premium wines and top shelf liquors, gratuities and unlimited
shore excursions. The brand operates three award-winning, all-suite ships, totaling 1,890 Berths that include imaginative itineraries
to approximately 300 ports worldwide. The Regent brand focuses on providing the highest level of personal service, inviting shore
excursions, world-class accommodation and top-rated cuisine. During 2015, Regent won the “Best Cruise Ship, Luxury”
award, for Seven Seas Mariner and the “Best Cruise Line, Luxury” award from the TravAlliance Travvy Awards. Regent
also won the 2014 National Association of Career Travel Agents “Luxury Cruise Line” of the year. 

   

 In July 2013, Regent entered into a definitive contract with
Italy’s Fincantieri shipyard to build the luxury cruise ship, Seven Seas Explorer. The contract price of this ship will be
approximately €343.0 million (approximately $415.0 million based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31,
2014). We have export credit financing in place that provides financing for 80% of the ship’s contract price. Seven Seas
Explorer is expected to be delivered in the summer of 2016. 

   

 Our Competitive Strengths  

   

 We believe that the following business strengths will enable us
to execute our strategy: 

   

 Diversified Cruise Operator with High-Quality Product Offerings
 

   

 We believe the complementary fleets of Norwegian and Prestige provide
a diversified portfolio of cruise products that represent all significant segments of the cruise industry. The Norwegian brand
caters to the contemporary and premium segments with modern, state-of-the-art ships, amenities, onboard experiences and our “Freestyle
Cruising” offering. Oceania caters to the upper premium segment, while Regent caters to the luxury segment of the cruise
industry. These complementary product offerings, along with the strengths and skill sets of personnel from each of the brands,
provide numerous opportunities for cross-selling and cross-brand collaboration. 

   

 Norwegian’s Modern Fleet.     With a
weighted-average age of 8.1 years as of December 31, 2014 and no ships built before 1998, Norwegian has the most modern fleet among
the Major North American Cruise Brands, which we believe allows us to offer a high-quality passenger experience with a significant
level of consistency across the entire fleet. Norwegian continues to invest in the brand through our $250 million Norwegian NEXT
program, a set of new enhancements, experiences and transformations aimed at elevating the guest experience, which include new
restaurants and menus, a broader range of entertainment options and an increased focus on integrating technology and innovation
into the guest experience. 

   

 
 
     Ship (1)   
       
       
     Year  
     Delivered 
       
       
     Primary
    Areas of Operation 
       
 
     Norwegian Getaway        
       
       
     2014 
       
       
     Caribbean 
       
 
     Norwegian Breakaway        
       
       
     2013 
       
       
     Bermuda, Caribbean 
       
 
     Norwegian Epic        
       
       
     2010 
       
       
     Europe 
       
 
     Norwegian Gem        
       
       
     2007 
       
       
     Bahamas, Bermuda, Caribbean, Canada, New England 
       
 
     Norwegian Jade        
       
       
     2006 
       
       
     Europe 
       
 
     Norwegian Pearl        
       
       
     2006 
       
       
     Alaska, Bahamas, Caribbean, Pacific Coastal, Panama Canal 
       
 
     Norwegian Jewel        
       
       
     2005 
       
       
     Alaska, Bahamas, Caribbean, Pacific Coastal, Panama Canal 
       
 
     Pride of America        
       
       
     2005 
       
       
     Hawaii 
       
 
     Norwegian Dawn        
       
       
     2002 
       
       
     Bermuda, Caribbean, Canada, New England 
       
 
     Norwegian Star        
       
       
     2001 
       
       
     Bermuda, Caribbean, Europe 
       
 
     Norwegian Sun        
       
       
     2001 
       
       
     Caribbean, Alaska 
       
 
     Norwegian Sky        
       
       
     1999 
       
       
     Bahamas 
       
 
     Norwegian Spirit        
       
       
     1998 
       
       
     Caribbean, Europe 
       
 
   

   

 

 (1) The table does not include the four Breakaway Plus Class Ships. 

   

 Prestige’s Classic Fleet.    Oceania
operates five ships—three R-Class and two O-Class. The R-Class ships are highly-rated five-star ships featuring country club
style accommodations. The O-Class ships feature private balconies in 95% of staterooms. Regent currently operates three six-star
luxury cruise ships featuring world-class accommodations and amenities. Prestige has invested approximately $164 million on ship
refurbishments and enhancements since 2012 as part of its ongoing revitalization program. 

   


 
     8 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
     Ship (1)
     
       
       
     Year
     
     Delivered 
       
       
     Primary
    Areas of Operation 
       
 
     Oceania Riviera        
       
       
     2012 
       
       
     Caribbean, Mediterranean, Black Sea 
       
 
     Oceania Marina        
       
       
     2011 
       
       
     Pacific Coastal, South America, Baltic, Mediterranean 
       
 
     Oceania Nautica        
       
       
     2000 
       
       
     Asia, Africa, Mediterranean, Baltic 
       
 
     Oceania Regatta        
       
       
     1998 
       
       
     Caribbean, Panama Canal, New England, South America, Alaska 
       
 
     Oceania Insignia        
       
       
     1998 
       
       
     Mediterranean, Black Sea, Baltic, Caribbean 
       
 
     Seven Seas Voyager        
       
       
     2003 
       
       
     Asia, Africa, Baltic, Mediterranean 
       
 
     Seven Seas Mariner        
       
       
     2001 
       
       
     South America, Mediterranean, Black Sea, Panama Canal 
       
 
     Seven Seas Navigator        
       
       
     1999 
       
       
     Caribbean, Panama Canal, Alaska, New England 
       
 

   

   

 

 (1) The table does not include the Seven Seas Explorer or Sirena. 

   

 Rich Stateroom Mix.    Both the Norwegian and
Prestige fleets offer an attractive mix of staterooms, suites and villas relative to their competitors. As of December 31, 2014,
52% of Norwegian’s staterooms had private balconies representing a higher mix of outside balcony staterooms than any other
contemporary brand. Norwegian’s guest accommodations include the groundbreaking Studio staterooms designed for solo travelers
and centered upon the Studio Lounge, a private two-story lounge for Studio guests. In addition, seven of Norwegian’s ships
offer The Haven, with suites of up to 932 square feet each. The Haven includes two decks of suites, a private pool with multiple
hot tubs and sundecks, a private fitness center and steam rooms, fine dining in a private restaurant, casual outdoor dining and
24-hour concierge service. Guests staying in The Haven are provided with personal butler service. Six of Norwegian’s ships
also offer luxury garden suites of up to 6,694 square feet, making them the largest accommodations at sea. Our Breakaway Plus Class
Ships will feature an expanded Studio area from the 59 staterooms on our Breakaway Class Ships to 82 staterooms and the Haven will
be expanded with a total of 55 suites. 

   

 Prestige’s ships offer large and luxurious accommodations
with 87% of suites and staterooms featuring private balconies. Two of Regent’s ships, Seven Seas Voyager and Seven Seas Mariner,
feature all-suite, all-balcony accommodations. Regent’s newbuild, Seven Seas Explorer, will also feature all-suite, all-balcony
accommodations including sophisticated designer suites ranging from 300 to 3,875 square feet with industry leading space and crew-to-guest
ratios. 

   

 High-Quality Service.     Both the Norwegian
and Prestige brands offer a high level of onboard service. The Prestige brands are known for their quality of service, including
some of the highest crew-to-guest ratios in the industry and a staff trained to deliver personalized and attentive service in a
country club, casual setting. In Travel + Leisure’s World’s Best Service 2013 honors, Regent and Oceania had the second
and fifth ranked ships, respectively, in “Top Cruises: Large Ships.” Norwegian continues to enhance the level of service
on ships through the Norwegian Platinum Standards program. This program introduces specific standards emphasizing dedicated service,
consistency in execution, and overall guest satisfaction which we believe will promote customer loyalty. We believe the Acquisition
of Prestige allows for collaboration among the Norwegian, Oceania and Regent brands which will result in an enhanced guest experience
across all brands. 

   

 Diverse Selection of Premium Itineraries.    The
combination of Norwegian and Prestige further diversifies our already broad range of premium itineraries. Norwegian’s existing
mix of destinations is more consistent with the brands in the premium segment, and these itineraries typically attract higher Net
Yields than Caribbean and Mexico sailings. Prestige ships have a worldwide deployment, visiting approximately 350 ports each year,
including destinations such as Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, the Greek Isles, Alaska, Canada and New England, Asia, Tahiti
and the South Pacific, Australia and New Zealand, Africa, India, South America, the Panama Canal, and the Caribbean. The Company’s
full year 2014 deployment outside the Caribbean increased to 62% as compared to 51% for Norwegian on a Norwegian Stand-alone basis. 

   

 Established Brand Recognition  

   

 Over 91% of cruisers are aware of the Norwegian brand which is known
for freedom, flexibility and choice—highly valued benefits for Norwegian’s target audience within the cruise vacation
market. 

   

 The Oceania and Regent brands are well established in the upper
premium and luxury segments of the cruise industry, respectively, for offering the highest level of luxury and service to customers. 

   

 Loyal and Repeat Customer Base  

   

 The Norwegian, Oceania and Regent brands each have loyal and repeat
customer bases. Norwegian achieves high-quality feedback scores from guests in the areas of overall service, physical ship attributes,
onboard products and services, food and beverage, entertainment and land-based excursions. In 2014, approximately 59% of Prestige’s
total guests responded to Prestige’s customer satisfaction survey, of which 97% of respondents reported that their cruise
experience “met or exceeded” their expectations, and 93% reported they will “likely” return. 

   


 
     9 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Strong Cash Flow  

   

 We believe our business model will generate a significant amount
of cash flow with high revenue visibility at the Norwegian, Oceania and Regent brands. All three brands afford the ability to pre-sell
tickets and receive customer deposits with long lead times ahead of sailing. The cash flow impact of newbuild capital expenditures
is mitigated as we have export credit financing in place for all newbuild ships to fund approximately 80% of the contract price
of each ship. 

   

 Highly Experienced Management Team  

   

 Our senior management team is comprised of executives with extensive
experience in the cruise, travel, leisure and hospitality-related industries. Frank J. Del Rio is our President and Chief Executive
Officer. Mr. Del Rio founded Oceania in October 2002 and played a vital role in the development of Renaissance Cruises from 1993
to April 2001. Andrew Madsen is our President and Chief Operating Officer of our Norwegian brand. Prior to joining the Company,
Mr. Madsen served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Darden Restaurants, Inc. for over 8 years. Prior to that, he served
in various executive positions. Jason M. Montague is our President and Chief Operating Officer for the Regent and Oceania brands.
He was instrumental in launching Oceania in 2002 and is widely regarded as one of the co-founders. Prior to NCLH’s Acquisition
of Prestige, Mr. Montague served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Prestige from September 2010 until
NCLH’s Acquisition of Prestige in November 2014. For more on our senior management, see “Executive Officers”
below. 

   

 Strong Sponsors with Extensive Industry Expertise  

   

 Our Sponsors and their affiliates have extensive experience investing
in the cruise, leisure and travel-related industries. We believe that the synergies and purchasing power obtained through these
affiliates have resulted in better price negotiations for us and our affiliates for selected supplies and services. 

   

 Our Business Strategies  

   

 We seek to attract vacationers with our products and services and
by creating differentiated itineraries in new markets through additional and existing modern and classic ships with the aim of
delivering a better, value-added vacation experience to our guests relative to other vacation alternatives. Our business strategies
include the following: 

   

 Enhance Product Offerings and Guest Experience  

   

 Norwegian’s ships offer up to 28 dining options, a diverse
range of accommodations and what we believe is the widest array of entertainment at sea. Norwegian has completed more than $33
million of renovations to our private island, Great Stirrup Cay, which includes a new marina, dining and bar facility, as well
as private cabanas and new activities. Norwegian is also enhancing the guest experience with our Norwegian NEXT program which includes
new enhancements and transformations to our product offering. In 2013, Norwegian purchased a future cruise destination in Belize
which is expected to be completed in the fall of 2015. 

   

 Prestige offers worldwide itineraries to approximately 350 ports
each year, allowing the brands to meet customers’ demands for a global and differentiated travel experience. We believe that
Prestige’s destination-focused worldwide itineraries of varying lengths, augmented by exciting shore excursions, other land
based programs and diverse onboard enrichment programs, differentiate the Oceania and Regent brands from Prestige’s competitors.
Prestige’s award-winning onboard dining is a central highlight of its cruise experience, with multiple open seating dining
venues where guests may dine when, where and with whom they wish. 

   

 Maximize Net Yields  

   

 Norwegian and Prestige use a strategy called base-loading to fill
their capacity by booking guests as early before sailing as possible by utilizing certain sales and marketing tactics to generate
business with longer booking windows to maximize passenger ticket revenue. Base-loading allows us to fill ships earlier and avoid
discounting close to sailing dates in order to achieve targeted Occupancy Percentages. 

   

 Prestige’s differentiated price enhancing revenue management
strategy encourages customers to book early to obtain the most attractive value offering. When new itineraries are launched, Prestige
clearly articulates to potential customers and travel agents that prices are subject to increase as the cruise date approaches,
as well as the specific dates on which those price increases may occur. Prestige uses a three-prong marketing strategy to maximize
revenue from each customer by (i) keeping travel agents engaged and informed, (ii) using inbound and out-bound sales call programs
to target high-potential customers and (iii) executing targeted and high-frequency marketing campaigns to communicate a message
with Prestige’s cruise offerings. 

   

 Norwegian focuses on growing revenue through various initiatives
aimed at increasing ticket prices and Occupancy Percentages as well as onboard spending to drive higher overall Net Yields. Norwegian’s
specific base-loading initiatives include: 

   

 Casino Player Strategy.    As part
of this strategy, Norwegian has non-exclusive arrangements with over 100 casino partners worldwide including Caesars Entertainment,
whereby loyal gaming guests are offered cruise reward certificates redeemable 

   


 
     10 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 for cruises on Norwegian ships. Through property sponsored
events and joint marketing programs, Norwegian has the opportunity to market cruises to Caesars Entertainment’s guests. These
arrangements with casino partners have the dual benefit of filling open inventory and reaching guests that we expect to generate
above average onboard revenue through the casino and other onboard spending. 

   

 Strategic Relationships.    Norwegian
has developed strategic relationships with travel agencies and international tour operators who commit to purchasing a certain
level of inventory with long lead times. 

   

 Meetings, Incentives and Charters.    Norwegian
increased the focus on the meetings, incentives and charters channel, which typically books very far in advance and can represent
a significant portion of the ship, or even an entire sailing, in one transaction. 

   

 Disciplined Fleet Expansion 

   

 We have orders with Meyer Werft for four Breakaway Plus Class Ships
for delivery in the fall of 2015, spring of 2017, spring of 2018 and fall of 2019. These ships will be the largest in our fleet,
reaching approximately 164,600 Gross Tons and up to 4,200 Berths each and will be similar in design and innovation to our Breakaway
Class Ships. We also have a contract with Italy’s Fincantieri shipyard to build a luxury cruise ship to be named Seven
Seas Explorer. The contract price of the ship is approximately €343.0 million or approximately $415.0 million, based on the
euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2014. Seven Seas Explorer is expected to be delivered in the summer of 2016.
The all-suite, all-balcony Seven Seas Explorer will feature sophisticated designer suites ranging from 300 to 3,875 square
feet with an industry leading space ratio of 76.0 and a crew-to-guest ratio of 1 to 1.4. The ship will include six open-seating
gourmet restaurants, Regent’s signature nine-deck open atrium, a two-story theater, two boutiques and an expansive Canyon
Ranch SpaClub. Upon delivery of Seven Seas Explorer, Regent will be the world’s largest luxury cruise line in terms of Berths.
In November 2014, we purchased a ship from a third party to join the Oceania fleet which will be named Sirena. After its current
Charter ends in March 2016, we will extensively refurbish the ship to Oceania standards and it will be a sister ship to the R-class
ships. The third party provided financing for the contract price. We believe these new ships will allow us to continue expanding
the reach of our brands, positioning us for accelerated growth and providing an optimized return on invested capital. 

   

 Improve Operating Efficiency and Lower Costs  

   

 We continually focus on enhancing financial performance through
a variety of business improvement initiatives designed to reduce costs while improving the overall product we deliver. Since the
beginning of 2008, NCLH and Prestige have significantly reduced their operating cost base through various programs including contract
renegotiations, overhead rationalization, global purchasing and logistics optimization and fuel consumption reduction initiatives.
We hedge fuel purchases in order to provide greater visibility of fuel expense. As of December 31, 2014, we had hedged approximately
68%, 55%, 39% and 8% of our remaining 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018 projected metric tons of fuel purchases, respectively. We expect
the addition of Oceania and Regent, as well as the upcoming newbuilds for both Norwegian and Prestige, to drive further operating
efficiencies over the long term. 

   

 Expand and Strengthen Our Product Distribution Channels  

   

 As part of our growth strategy, we continually look for ways to
deepen and expand our sales channels. We most recently announced a substantial expansion of our North American sales team, almost
doubling the number of business development managers in the field, and increasing the overall sales group by more than 40 percent.
We continue to invest in our brands by enhancing websites and reservation departments where travel agents and guests have the ability
to book cruise vacations. 

   

 We focus on distribution through our primary channels: “Retail/Travel
Agent,” “International,” and “Meetings, Incentives and Charters.” 

   

 Retail/Travel Agent.     The retail/travel
agent channel represents the majority of our ticket sales. Our travel partner base is comprised of an extensive network of approximately
23,000 independent travel agencies including brick and mortar, internet-based and home-based operators located in North America,
South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Norwegian introduced our Partners First program in 2011 and since then has implemented
over 200 initiatives specifically designed to improve efficiency with travel agent channels and our guests. Recently, Norwegian
revolutionized and streamlined our booking process by introducing “Universal Agents” that have the ability to handle
both group and full individual tariff bookings. Additionally, Norwegian launched a new online-booking tool that features an array
of functionalities giving travel partners more freedom and flexibility to make reservations online, providing the ability to customize
management and promotion of group reservations. 

   

 The addition of Prestige’s Oceania and Regent brands
product portfolio gives us access to travel agents specializing in the Upscale Segment that would traditionally not market or sell
Norwegian cruises. Prestige has made substantial investments with improvements in booking technologies, transparent pricing strategies,
effective marketing tools, improved communication and cooperative marketing initiatives. We have sales force teams dedicated to
Oceania and Regent who work 

   


 
     11 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 closely with our travel agency partners on maximizing
their marketing and sales effectiveness through product training, education and the sharing of “best-practices.” 

   

 International.    Norwegian has an
international sales presence in Europe and representatives covering Latin America, Australia and Asia. Norwegian is primarily focused
on increasing business in the European market, which has grown significantly in recent years but remains under-penetrated. In Europe,
Norwegian offers local itineraries year-round and “Freestyle Cruising” has been well received. Norwegian expanded its
sales force in Europe allowing development of distribution in Europe in a manner similar to its U.S. operation. In support of this
European strategy, in 2013 Norwegian Epic was deployed in Europe for an extended summer season and announced a year-round deployment
for 2015. Norwegian also initiated a two-ship year-round deployment in Europe with Norwegian Jade and Norwegian Spirit. Norwegian
is forging a closer distribution partnership with Genting HK to develop product distribution across the Asia Pacific region and
for further product distribution in South America, we have invested in a Brazilian sales channel. 

   

 The Acquisition of Prestige enhances our international
sourcing. Prestige sources approximately 30% of passengers from outside of North America, compared to approximately 15% for Norwegian,
further diversifying our sourcing profile. Prestige has an international sales office in Southampton, U.K. that services Europe
and various general sales agents covering Latin America, Australia and Asia. We expect to leverage Prestige’s global experience
and market position to further enhance Norwegian’s international profile. 

   

 For information regarding risks associated with our international
operations, see Part I Item 1A-Risk Factors in this annual report on Form 10-K, including the risk factor titled “Conducting
business internationally may result in increased costs and risks.” 

   

 Meetings, Incentives and Charters.    This
channel focuses on full ship charters as well as corporate meeting and incentive travel. These sales often have very long lead
times and can fill a significant portion of the ship’s capacity, or even an entire sailing, in one transaction. The acquisition
of Sixthman in 2012, a company specializing in developing and delivering music-oriented charters, opened up a new market for travel
partners to be able to sell high-quality music experiences at sea to guests seeking more innovative entertainment options. 

   

 Expand Strategic Marketing Partnerships  

   

 We seek to develop strategic marketing partnerships with well-known
entertainment, sports and lifestyle brands which complement our brand positioning. Norwegian’s partnership with the Radio
City Rockettes, who christened Norwegian Breakaway, includes a marketing partnership that names Norwegian as the “Official
Cruise Line” of the Rockettes and Radio City Music Hall and an “Official Partner” of the Radio City Christmas
Spectacular. In addition, an exhibit showcasing the history of the Rockettes is integrated into Norwegian Breakaway. Norwegian
is also the “Official Cruise Line” of the New York Knicks, strengthening Norwegian Breakaway’s branding as New
York’s ship. To bolster the ties between Norwegian Getaway and her homeport of Miami, Norwegian is the “Official Cruise
Line” of the Miami Dolphins and Sun Life Stadium. In addition, the Miami Dolphin Cheerleaders served as godmothers of Norwegian
Getaway which houses a selection of Miami Dolphin memorabilia. Norwegian is also the “Official Cruise Line Partner”
of the GRAMMY Awards and offers the first GRAMMY Experience at Sea, a venue for musical performances that include GRAMMY winning
and nominated artists on Norwegian Getaway. Norwegian also recently announced a partnership with the Michael Mondavi Family to
enhance wine offerings fleet-wide and a partnership with Jimmy Buffet’s “Margaritaville” restaurants and bars.
We will introduce the first Margaritaville at Sea on Norwegian Escape (our first Breakaway Plus Class Ship) and will incorporate
the other Margaritaville brands on certain of our ships and on our island destinations. 

   

 Prestige has a number of high-profile partnerships including Jacques
Pepin, the Smithsonian Institution, Ralph Lauren Home and Dakota Jackson. Oceania has engaged Master Chef Jacques Pepin as its
Executive Culinary Director. Marina and Riviera’s Jacques restaurant was decorated with heirloom antiques, furnishings and
art from Pepin’s personal collection.  Each dish has been reinterpreted by Master Chef Pepin. The Marina and Riviera
feature suites designed and furnished by Ralph Lauren Home and noted furniture designer Dakota Jackson. Starting in July 2015,
the Smithsonian Institution will be hosting a new enrichment program, The Smithsonian Collection by Smithsonian Journeys on Regent.
This new guest lecture series will feature a wide range of experts, from noted art historians to leading authors and former diplomats,
leading spirited discussions both aboard the ships and ashore. 

   

 Itineraries  

   

 We offer cruise itineraries ranging from one day to 180-days calling
on over 420 worldwide locations, including destinations in the Caribbean, Mexico, Alaska, Europe, Hawaii, Canada, New England,
Central and South America, Africa, Asia, Tahiti and the South Pacific and Australia and New Zealand. We have developed, and are
continuing to develop, innovative itineraries to position our ships in new and niche markets as well as in the mainstream markets
throughout the Americas and Europe. 

   

 We believe that these destination-focused itineraries, complemented
by a comprehensive shore excursion program (which is included in the all-inclusive fare for cruises on the Regent ships), differentiate
our brands from many of our competitors. We call on “must-see” 

   


 
     12 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 and exotic destinations, many of which include overnight stays in
port, allowing guests to have more in-depth experiences than would otherwise be possible in only a single day port call. 

   

 We offer a wide variety of cruises ranging in length from one day
to three weeks under our Norwegian brand. Each of Norwegian’s 13 modern ships have been purpose-built to consistently deliver
the “Freestyle Cruising” product offering, which we believe provides Norwegian with a competitive advantage by differentiating
it from other cruise line offerings. 

   

 Oceania operates cruises that are primarily 10, 12 and 16 days in
length. Oceania also operates a number of itineraries that last between 20 and 180 days. Regent also offers several longer itineraries
of up to 136 days, which is a staple of the luxury segment. At the same time, Regent has expanded an addressable market and captured
guest spending for a greater portion of guests’ cruising life cycle by selling segments of these longer itineraries as shorter
cruises (i.e., which last seven to 20 days), designed for more time-constrained customers. The deployment flexibility created by
the use of longer itineraries translates off-peak seasons into more profitable portions of longer cruises. 

   

 Passenger Ticket Revenue  

   

 Our cruise ticket prices generally include cruise fare and a wide
variety of onboard activities and amenities, including meals and entertainment. In some instances, cruise ticket prices include
round-trip airfare to and from the port of embarkation, top-shelf open bars, unlimited shore excursions and pre-cruise hotel packages.
Prices vary depending on the particular cruise itinerary, stateroom category selected and the time of year that the voyage takes
place. We generate additional revenue on certain of our ships from casino operations, gift shop purchases, spa services, photo
services and other similar items. 

   

 Revenue Management Practices  

   

 Norwegian bases ticket pricing and revenue management on a strategy
focused on developing early booking occupancy rates to drive higher Net Yields. Norwegian performs extensive analyses in order
to determine booking history and trends by sailing, stateroom category, travel partner, market segment, itinerary and distribution
channel. In addition, stateroom categories are identified throughout each cruise ship and prices for cruise fares are based on
these stateroom categories. Typically, the initial published fares are established 18 months in advance of the departure of a cruise
at a level which, under normal circumstances, would provide a high occupancy. If the rate at which stateroom inventory is sold
differs from expectations, prices are adjusted for each stateroom category accordingly. This can be done through promotions, special
rate codes, opening and closing categories, or price changes. 

   

 Prestige bases ticket pricing and revenue management on a strategy
based on marketing efforts (“market to fill”) as the cruise date approaches. Prestige clearly articulates to customers
and travel agents that the initial launch offers will be the lowest price package and that these prices and certain offers in the
package are subject to increase as the cruise date approaches, as well as the specific dates on which those increases may occur.
This strategy assists in maintaining and improving a high price point, which is fundamental in the Upscale Segment. 

   

 Prestige concentrates on improving early booking occupancy rates
to drive higher Net Yields. Prestige executes targeted and high frequency marketing campaigns that communicate a message of a value-packed
cruise offering in both North American and select international markets. To increase the effectiveness of these targeted marketing
programs, Prestige emphasizes communication to keep the travel agents engaged and informed and utilizes call centers focusing on
both inbound calls and outbound calls to high potential targeted customers. This three-prong marketing strategy assists in maximizing
the revenue potential from each customer contact generated by various marketing campaigns. We believe these strategies and other
initiatives carried out by the Prestige sales organization and distribution channels will drive sustainable growth in the number
of guests carried and in Net Yields achieved. 

   

 Each of our brands maintain separate sales and marketing teams as
well as reservation centers, which allows each brand to effectively communicate its identity and brand promise to its intended
market. 

   

 Onboard and Other Revenue 

   

 Norwegian ticket prices typically include cruise accommodations,
meals in certain dining facilities and many onboard activities such as entertainment, pool-side activities and various sports programs.
Norwegian generates additional revenue on our ships from casino operations, food and beverage, gift shop purchases, spa services,
photo services and other similar items. To maximize onboard revenue, Norwegian uses various cross-marketing and promotional tools
and are supported by point-of-sale systems permitting “cashless” transactions for the sale of these onboard products
and services. Food and beverage, gaming and shore excursions are generally managed directly by Norwegian while retail shops, spa
services, art auctions and internet services are generally managed through contracts with third-party concessionaires. These contracts
generally entitle us to a fixed percentage of the gross sales derived from these concessions. 

   


 
     13 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Certain Prestige ticket prices have an all-inclusive element. Regent’s
offerings typically include free air transportation, a pre-cruise hotel night stay, premium wines and top shelf liquors, gratuities
and unlimited shore excursions. Oceania’s offerings typically include free air transportation and on certain sailings other
amenities. Therefore, Prestige derives nearly all of its revenue from passenger ticket revenue. Hence it is important for Prestige
to maintain a pricing discipline focusing on passenger ticket. We believe that this pricing discipline for Prestige drives revenue
performance, relatively long-booking windows, and allows us to maintain a positive relationship with the travel agency community. 

   

 Onboard and other revenue accounted for 29% of our revenue in each
of the years 2014 and 2013 and 30% in 2012. 

   

 Seasonality  

   

 Our revenue is seasonal based on the demand for cruises. Historically,
the seasonality of the North American cruise industry generally results in the greatest demand for cruises during the Northern
Hemisphere summer months. This predictable seasonality in demand has resulted in fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations.
The seasonality of our results is increased due to ships being taken out of service for regularly scheduled Dry-docks, which we
typically schedule during non-peak demand periods. 

   

 Marketing, Brand Communications and Advertising 

   

 Our marketing departments work to enhance our brand awareness and
increase levels of engagement and understanding of our product and services among consumers, trade and travel partners with the
ultimate goal of driving sales. Core areas within the department include brand strategy, advertising and media, marketing communications,
direct marketing, partnerships, customer loyalty, website/e-commerce and market research. Norwegian’s marketing supports
the brands’ specific messages. Norwegian’s comprehensive brand platform was created expressly to leverage Norwegian’s
“Freestyle Cruising” concept. Our brand platform, “Cruise Like a Norwegian,” is intended to develop a sense
of community around Norwegian and communicates its commitment to providing an exceptional vacation experience centered around freedom
and flexibility. Our broad guest base and growing business demands a multi-channel media strategy that works throughout the guest
lifecycle and includes a mix of television, print, radio, digital, social, mobile, e-mail, direct mail and billboards. At Oceania,
the marketing message revolves around the four core brand pillars of the product: Award Winning Mid-Size Ships, Finest Cuisine
at Sea, Destination Specialists and Extraordinary Value. At Regent, the marketing message focuses on all-inclusive luxury with
a tagline that stretches the brand promise outside the cruise industry to encompass the entire vacation market – “The
Most Inclusive Luxury Experience.” Both Oceania and Regent enhance their brand cache by partnering with other high-end partners
such as Lalique, Ralph Lauren Home, Dakota Jackson, Smithsonian Institution, Canyon Ranch, Bulgari, and Hermes. Given the demographics
of the average Oceania and Regent guests, the main marketing vehicles are more traditional vehicles of advertising such as brochures
and direct mail, but also include robust travel agency support, websites, e-mail and social media. 

   

 Norwegian has made significant progress in expanding marketing
reach with our online products and services, including investing in our mobile site and mobile apps. Our website,  www.ncl.com ,
serving both our travel agency partners and guests, has been a major focus of this momentum. We are continually enhancing our
website to ensure that we communicate brand promise, promote relevant product information and align with the “Cruise Like
a Norwegian” and “Freestyle Cruising” messages. The Norwegian consumer and travel agency partner booking engine
provides travel agency partners and guests the ability to shop and purchase any of the worldwide cruise itineraries with a more
intuitive and informative online experience. All three brands continue to develop additional functionality and tools to serve
our travel agency partners and guests. In fact, an independent study by Key Lime Interactive, the Contemporary and Premium Brands
2014 Cruise Competitive Benchmark Study, compared seven of the top cruise brands for overall web experience and Norwegian earned
the top spot ranking Best-in-Class for overall site satisfaction.  

   

 For all three of our brands, building customer loyalty among our
past guests is an important element of our marketing strategy. We believe that attending to the needs and motivations of our past
guests creates a cost-effective means of attracting business, particularly to our new ships and itineraries, because past guests
are familiar with our brands, products and services and often return to cruise with us. All of our brands’ loyalty programs,
Latitudes Rewards for Norwegian, Oceania Club for Oceania, and Seven Seas Society for Regent, allow guests to earn points based
on a number of factors including the number of cruise nights, level of accommodations and certain booking windows. Our past guests
receive newsletters and mailings with informative destination and product information, cruise promotions with incentives and special
pricing, shipboard credits and onboard recognition. Continued investments in the “Booked Guest” experience on all of
our websites is also key to ensuring the optimal pre-cruise planning experience offering guests the ability to shop, reserve and
purchase a breadth of onboard products and services. We have a strong “Booked Guest” communications stream that provides
customized pre-cruise information to help guests maximize their cruise experience as well as a series of communications to welcome
them home and ultimately engage them in booking another cruise. Also, avid cruisers can use the Norwegian co-branded credit card
to earn upgrades and discounts on that brand. 

   

 We provide robust marketing support to our travel partners through
a variety of programs. At Norwegian, Marketing Headquarters is an online resource with a multitude of consumer marketing materials
that agents can easily customize for their use in promoting our products. Both Oceania and Regent have similar online programs.
Likewise, all three brands have a travel agent “University” program, 

   


 
     14 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 an online travel partner education program that includes a wide
variety of courses about our ships, itineraries and other selling best practices. In 2014, Norwegian launched Norwegian Central,
a new travel agent portal that consolidates all travel agent tools under a single platform with a single sign-on in order to make
it easy for travel agents to do business with us. Norwegian Central includes Norwegian’s booking engine, research materials,
Marketing Headquarters, the University program and sales team contact information. 

   

 Guest feedback and research is also a critically important element
in the development of our overall marketing and business strategies. We regularly initiate custom research studies among both travel
partners and consumers to assess the impact of various programs and/or to solicit feedback that helps shape future direction. 

   

 Ship Operations and Cruise Infrastructure  

   

 Ship Maintenance and Logistics  

   

 Sophisticated and efficient maintenance and operations systems support
the technical superiority and modern look of our fleet. In addition to routine repairs and maintenance performed on an ongoing
basis and in accordance with applicable requirements, each of our ships is generally taken out of service, approximately every
24 to 60 months, for a period of one or more weeks for scheduled maintenance work, repairs and improvements performed in Dry-dock.
Dry-dock interval is a statutory requirement controlled under IMO requirements reflected in chapters of the International Convention
of the Safety of Life at Seas (“SOLAS”) and to some extent the International Load Lines Convention. Under these regulations,
it is required that a passenger ship Dry-dock once in five years (pending age of vessel), twice in 5 years (pending flag state
and age of vessel) and the maximum interval between each Dry-dock cannot exceed 3 years (pending age of vessel and flag state).
However, most of our international ships qualify under a special exemption provided by the Bahamas and/or Marshall Islands (flag
state), as applicable, after meeting certain criteria set forth by the ship’s flag state to Dry-dock once every 5 years.
To the extent practical, each ship’s crew, catering and hotel staff remain with the ship during the Dry-dock period and assist
in performing repair and maintenance work. We do not earn revenue while ships are Dry-docked. Accordingly, Dry-dock work is typically
performed during non-peak demand periods to minimize the adverse effect on revenue that results from ships being out of service.
Dry-docks are typically scheduled in spring or autumn and depend on shipyard availability. 

   

 Suppliers  

   

 Our largest capital expenditures are for ship construction and acquisition.
Our largest operating expenditures are for payroll (including our contract with a third party who provides certain crew services),
fuel, food and beverage, travel agent services and advertising and marketing. Most of the supplies that we require are available
from numerous sources at competitive prices. In addition, owing to the large quantities that we purchase, we can obtain favorable
prices for many of our supplies. Our purchases are denominated primarily in U.S. dollars. Payment terms granted by the suppliers
are generally customary terms for the cruise industry. 

   

 Crew and Staff  

   

 Best-in-class guest service levels are paramount in the markets
in which we operate, particularly in the Upscale Segment, where travelers have discriminating tastes and high expectations for
service quality. We have dedicated increasing attention and resources to ensure that our service offerings on all of our ships
meet the demands of our guests. Among other initiatives, we have implemented rigorous onboard training programs, with a focus on
career development. In addition, to ensure that guests receive highly personalized service and attention to detail, we staff Oceania
and Regent ships to offer crew to guest ratios that range from 1:1.4 to 1:1.7, which is among the highest in the industry. We believe
that our dedication to anticipating and meeting our guests’ every need differentiates our operations and fosters close relationships
between our guests and crew, helping to build customer loyalty. 

   

 We place the utmost importance on the safety of our guests and crew.
We operate all of our vessels to meet and exceed the requirements of SOLAS and International Management Code for the Safe Operation
of Ships and for Pollution Prevention (“ISM Code”), the international safety standards which govern the cruise industry.
Every crew member is well trained in the Company’s stringent safety protocols, participating in regular safety trainings,
exercises and drills onboard every one of our ships. 

   

 Our captains are experienced seafarers. We further ensure that our
captains regularly undergo rigorous training on navigation and bridge operations. To assist our captains and officers while at
sea, we have extensive navigation protocols in place. Our bridge operations are based on robust navigational procedures and risk
analysis. Our bridge teams follow pre-set voyage plans which are thoroughly reviewed and discussed by the captain and bridge team
prior to port departures and arrivals. In addition, all of our ships employ the latest state-of-the-art navigational equipment
and technology to ensure that our bridge teams have the most accurate data regarding the planned itinerary. 

   

 Prior to every cruise setting sail, we hold a mandatory safety drill
for all guests during which important safety information is reviewed and demonstrated. We also show an extensive safety video which
runs continuously on the stateroom televisions. Our fleet is equipped with modern navigational control and fire prevention and
control systems. In recent years, our ships have continuously been upgraded and include internal and external regulatory audits. 

   


 
     15 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 We have developed Safety Management Systems (“SMS”),
which establish policies, procedures, training, qualification, quality, compliance, audit and self-improvement standards for all
employees, both shipboard and shoreside. SMS also provides real-time reports and information to support the fleet and risk management
decisions. Through these systems, our senior managers, as well as ship management, can focus on consistent, high quality operation
of the fleet. Our SMS are approved and audited annually by our classification societies Det Norske Veritas and Lloyds Register,
and they also undergo regular internal audits as well as annual/semiannual inspections by the U.S. Coast Guard, flag state and
other port state authorities. We screen and train our crew to ensure crew familiarity and proficiency with the safety equipment
onboard. Various safety measures have been implemented on all of our ships and additional personnel have been appointed in our
ship operations departments. 

   

 Insurance  

   

 We maintain insurance on the hull and machinery of our ships, which
are maintained in amounts related to the estimated market value of each ship. The coverage for each of the hull and machinery policies
is maintained with syndicates of insurance underwriters from the European and U.S. insurance markets. 

   

 In addition to the insurance coverage on the hull and machinery
of our ships, we seek to maintain comprehensive insurance coverage and believe that our current coverage is at appropriate levels
to protect against most of the accident-related risks involved in the conduct of our business. The insurance we carry includes: 

   

 
 • Protection and indemnity insurance (coverage for passenger, crew and third-party liabilities), including insurance against
risk of pollution liabilities; 

   

 
 • War risk insurance, including terrorist risk insurance, on each ship. The terms of our war risk policies include provisions
where underwriters can give seven days’ notice to the insured that the policies will be cancelled in the event of a change
of risk which is typical for policies in the marine industry. Upon any proposed cancellation the insurer shall, before expiry of
the seven day period, submit new terms; and 

   

 
 • Insurance for our shoreside property and general liability risks. 

   

 We believe that all of our insurance coverage, including those noted
above, is subject to market-standard limitations, exclusions and deductible levels. 

   

 The Athens Convention Relating to the Carriage of Passengers and
Their Luggage by Sea (1974) (the “Athens Convention”) and the Protocol to the Athens Convention Relating to the Carriage
of Passengers and Their Luggage by Sea (1976) (the “1976 Protocol”) are generally applicable to passenger ships. The
U.S. has not ratified the Athens Convention; however, with limited exceptions, the 1976 Protocol may be contractually enforced
with respect to cruises that do not call at a U.S. port. The IMO Diplomatic Conference agreed to a new protocol to the Athens Convention
on November 1, 2002 (the “2002 Protocol”). The 2002 Protocol, which took effect on April 23, 2014, establishes
for the first time a level of compulsory insurance which must be maintained by passenger ship operators with a right of direct
action against the insurer. In addition, on December 31, 2012, the European Union (“EU”) Passenger Liability Regulation
became effective and requires us to carry a minimum level of financial responsibility per passenger per incident. We believe our
ships’ entries with their respective protection and indemnity associations provides the compulsory insurance; however, no
assurance can be given that affordable and secure insurance markets will remain available to provide the level and type of coverage
required. 

   

 Trademarks  

   

 We own a number of registered trademarks relating to, among other
things, the names “NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE,” “CRUISE LIKE A NORWEGIAN,” the names of our ships (except where
trademark applications for these have been filed and are pending), incentive programs and specialty services rendered on our ships
and specialty accommodations such as “THE HAVEN BY NORWEGIAN.” In addition, we own registered trademarks relating to
the “FREESTYLE” family of names, including, “FREESTYLE CRUISING,” “FREESTYLE DINING” and “FREESTYLE
VACATION.” Other significant marks include our SCHOOL OF FISH DESIGN marks that display one fish swimming against a school
of fish. We believe our “NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE,” “CRUISE LIKE A NORWEGIAN,” “FREESTYLE CRUISING,”
“FREESTYLE DINING,” and “FREESTYLE VACATION,” the names of our ships as well as the SCHOOL OF FISH DESIGN
and CRUISE LIKE A NORWEGIAN logos are widely recognized throughout North America and Europe and have considerable value. 

   

 Under the Oceania brand, we own a number of registered trademarks
in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions relating to, among other things, the names “OCEANIA CRUISES,” “YOUR
WORLD. YOUR WAY,” “REGATTA,” “INSIGNIA” and the Oceania logo. 

   

 We own various U.S. and foreign trademark registrations, including
registrations covering “SEVEN SEAS CRUISES,” “SEVEN SEAS NAVIGATOR,” “SEVEN SEAS MARINER,”
“SEVEN SEAS VOYAGER” and “LUXURY GOES EXPLORING.” We also 

   


 
     16 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 claim common law rights in trademarks and trade names used in conjunction
with our ships, incentive programs, customer loyalty program and specialty services rendered on board our ships. 

   

 The Regent ships have been operating under the Regent brand since
2006. In connection with the Regent Seven Seas Transaction, we entered into a trademark license agreement with Regent Hospitality
Worldwide, Inc., which we amended in February 2011, granting us the right to use the “Regent” brand family of
marks. The amended trademark license agreement allows Regent to use the Regent trade name, in conjunction with cruises, in perpetuity,
subject to the terms and conditions stated in the agreement. 

   

 Regulatory Issues  

   

 Registration of Our Ships  

   

 Fifteen of the ships that we currently operate are registered in
the Bahamas. One of our ships, Pride of America, is a U.S.-flagged ship. Five of our ships are registered in the Marshall Islands.
Our ships registered in the Bahamas and the Marshall Islands are inspected at least annually pursuant to Bahamian and Marshall
Islands requirements and are subject to International laws and regulations and to various U.S. federal regulatory agencies, including,
but not limited to, the U.S. Public Health Service and the U.S. Coast Guard. Our U.S.-registered ship is subject to laws and regulations
of the U.S. federal government, including, but not limited to, the Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) the U.S. Coast
Guard and U.S. Department of Labor. The international, national, state and local laws, regulations, treaties and other legal requirements
applicable to our operations change regularly, depending on the itineraries of our ships and the ports and countries visited. 

   

 Our ships are subject to inspection by the port regulatory authorities
in the various countries that they visit. Such inspections include verification of compliance with the maritime safety, security,
environmental, customs, immigration, health and labor regulations applicable to each port as well as with international requirements. 

   

 Our entire fleet is also subject to the health, safety, security
and environmental laws and regulations of the various port locales where the ships dock. The U.S., Bahamas and Marshall Islands
are members of the IMO and have adopted and implemented the IMO conventions relating to ocean-going passenger ships. U.S. law generally
requires ships transporting passengers exclusively between and among ports in the U.S. to be built entirely in the U.S., documented
under U.S. law, crewed by Americans and owned by entities that are at least 75% owned and controlled by U.S. citizens. We have
been granted specific authority to operate in and among the islands of Hawaii under legislation, known as the “Hawaii Cruise
Ship Provision,” which was part of the “Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, 2003” enacted in 2003 (Public
Law 108-7, Division B, Title II, General Provisions—Department of Commerce, Section 211 (February 20, 2003) (117 Stat.
11,79)). The Hawaii Cruise Ship Provision permitted two partially completed ships (originally contracted for construction in a
U.S. shipyard by an unrelated party), to be completed in a shipyard outside of the U.S. and documented under the U.S. flag even
if the owner does not meet the 75% U.S. ownership requirement, provided that the direct owning entity is organized under the laws
of the U.S. and meets certain U.S. citizen officer and director requirements. Presently, only one of the two ships completed in
compliance with the Hawaii Cruise Ship Provision, Pride of America, operates as a U.S.-flagged ship. The other, Pride of Hawai’i,
was transferred to the Bahamas registry and operates as Norwegian Jade. The Hawaii Cruise Ship Provision also authorized the re-documentation
under the U.S. flag of one additional foreign-built cruise ship for operation between U.S. ports in the islands of Hawaii, Pride
of Aloha. In May 2008, Pride of Aloha was transferred to the Bahamas registry and operates as Norwegian Sky. The Hawaii Cruise
Ship Provision imposes certain requirements, including that any non-warranty work be performed in the U.S., except in case of emergency
or lack of availability, and that the ship operates primarily between and among the islands of Hawaii. As a result of this exemption,
our U.S.-flagged ship deployed in Hawaii is able to cruise between U.S. ports in Hawaii without the need to call at a foreign port. 

   

 Certain of our ships are also subject to periodic class surveys
by ship classification societies, including Dry-dock inspections, to verify that they have been maintained in accordance with the
rules of the classification societies and that recommended maintenance and required repairs have been satisfactorily completed.
Class certification is required for our cruise ships to be flagged in a specific country, obtain liability insurance and legally
operate as passenger cruise ships. For more information on Dry-dock work, see “Our Business—Ship Operations and Cruise
Infrastructure—Ship Maintenance and Logistics.” 

   


 
     17 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Health and Environment  

   

 Our ships are subject to U.S. and various international, national,
state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including but not limited to MARPOL, that govern, among
other things, air emissions, waste discharge, water management and disposal and the storage, handling, use and disposal of hazardous
substances such as chemicals, solvents and paints. Under such laws and regulations, we are prohibited from, among other things,
discharging certain materials, such as petrochemicals and plastics, into waterways. Specifically, in the U.S., we comply with the
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s Vessel General Permit (“VGP”) program. 

   

 Also in the U.S., we must meet the U.S. Public Health Service’s
requirements, including ratings by inspectors from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (“CDC”) and the FDA.
We believe we rate at the top of the range of CDC and FDA scores achieved by the major cruise lines. In addition, the cruise industry
and the U.S. Public Health Service have agreed on regulations for food, water and hygiene to assist cruise lines in achieving the
highest health and sanitation standards on cruise ships. 

   

 The U.S. Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships, which implements the
MARPOL convention, provides for severe civil and criminal penalties related to ship-generated pollution for incidents in U.S. waters
within three nautical miles of land and in some cases within the 200-mile exclusive economic zone. 

   

 The U.S. Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (“OPA 90”) provides
for strict liability for water pollution caused by the discharge of oil in the 200-mile exclusive economic zone of the United States,
subject to defined monetary limits. OPA 90 requires that in order for us to operate in U.S. waters, we must have Certificates of
Financial Responsibility from the U.S. Coast Guard for each of our ships that operate in these waters. We have these certificates
that demonstrate our ability to meet the maximum amount of OPA 90 related liability that our ships could be subject to for removal
costs and damages, such as from an oil spill or a release of a hazardous substance. 

   

 The Clean Water Act of 1972 and other laws and regulations provide
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) with the authority to regulate commercial vessels’ incidental
discharges of ballast water, bilge water, gray water, anti-fouling paints and other substances during normal operations within
the U.S. three mile territorial zone and inland waters. The U.S. National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System was designed to
minimize pollution within U.S. territorial waters. For our affected ships, all of the requirements are laid out in the VGP, which
is an EPA requirement. The VGP establishes effluent limits for 26 specific discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel.
In addition to these discharge and vessel specific requirements, the VGP includes requirements for inspections, monitoring, reporting
and record-keeping. 

   

 Pursuant to the Federal Maritime Commission (“FMC”)
and U.S. Coast Guard regulations, we have covered our financial responsibility with respect to death or injury to passengers and
water pollution by providing required guarantees from our insurers with respect to such potential liabilities. This includes obtaining
Certificates of Financial Responsibility required by the U.S. Coast Guard relating to our ability to satisfy liabilities in cases
of water pollution. 

   

 Most U.S. states that border navigable waterways or sea coasts have
also enacted environmental regulations that impose strict liability for removal costs and damages resulting from a discharge of
oil or a release of a hazardous substance. These laws may be more stringent than U.S. federal law and in some cases have no statutory
limits of liability. The state of Alaska enacted legislation that prohibits certain discharges in designated Alaskan waters and
requires that certain discharges be monitored to verify compliance with the standards established by the legislation. The state
environmental regimes in Alaska are more stringent than the federal regime under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act with regard
to discharge from vessels. The legislation also provides that repeat violators of the regulations could be prohibited from operating
in Alaskan waters. 

   

 The EU has adopted a substantial and diverse range of environmental
measures aimed at improving the quality of the environment. To support the implementation and enforcement of European environmental
legislation, the EU has adopted directives on environmental liability and enforcement and a recommendation providing for minimum
criteria for environmental inspections. The European Commission’s (“EC”) strategy is to reduce atmospheric emissions
from seagoing ships. The EC strategy seeks to implement sulfur oxides Emission Control Areas (“ECAs”) set out in MARPOL,
as discussed below. In addition, the EC goes beyond the IMO by introducing requirements to use low sulfur (less than 0.1%) marine
gas oil in EU ports. 

   

 MARPOL specifies requirements for ECAs with stricter limitations
on sulfur emissions in these areas. Ships operating in the Baltic Sea ECA, the North Sea/English Channel ECA, the North American
ECA and the area which extends approximately 50 miles off the coasts of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands are required to
use fuel with a sulfur content of no more than 0.1% or use alternative emission reduction methods, provided the alternatives are
at least as effective in terms of emissions reductions. Other additional ECAs may also be established in the future, such as for
areas around Australia, Hong Kong, Japan, the Mediterranean Sea and Mexico. 

   

 The MARPOL global limit on fuel sulfur content outside of ECAs will
be reduced to 0.5% from the current 3.5% global limit on and after January 2020. The 0.5% global standard will be subject
to an IMO review by 2018 to determine the availability of fuel oil to comply with this standard, taking into account the global
fuel oil market supply and demand, an analysis of trends in fuel oil markets and any other relevant issues. If the IMO determines
that there is insufficient fuel to comply with the 0.5% standard in January 2020, then this requirement will be delayed to
January 2025, at the latest. However, the European Union Parliament and Council have set 

   


 
     18 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 2020 as the final date for the 0.5% fuel sulfur limit to enter force,
regardless of the 2018 IMO review results. This European Union Sulfur Directive will cover European Union Member State territorial
waters that are within 12 nautical miles of their coastline. We believe that compliance with the 0.5% global standard could significantly
increase our fuel costs. However, the magnitude of this increase is not reasonably determinable at this time due to the length
of time until the global standard becomes effective and the other potential mitigating factors discussed below. The cost impacts
from implementing progressively lower sulfur content requirements may be mitigated by the favorable impact of future changes in
the supply and demand balance for marine and other fuels, future developments of and investments in sulfur emission abatement and
propulsion technologies, including more advanced engines, more effective hull coatings and paints, exhaust gas cleaning systems,
propeller design, more efficient shipboard systems and the use of alternative lower-cost and lower-emission fuels, such as liquefied
natural gas, both at sea and in port. 

   

 Recently adopted amendments to MARPOL will make the Baltic Sea a
“Special Area” where sewage discharges from passenger ships will be restricted. Stricter discharge restrictions are
currently in effect for new passenger ships whose construction began after January 1, 2016, and for existing passenger ships starting
in 2018. The underlying requirements may impact our operations unless suitable port waste facilities are available, or new technologies
for onboard waste treatment are developed. Accordingly, the cost of complying with these requirements is not determinable at this
time, however, we do not expect it to be material. 

   

 In addition to the existing legal requirements, we are committed
to helping to preserve the environment, because a clean, unspoiled environment is a key element that attracts guests to our ships.
In 2012, Norwegian received its International Organization for Standardization’s (“ISO”) 9001:2008 certification,
which is the primary globally accepted standard for quality assurance and quality performance. This is a milestone which sets the
stage for quality operations and guest satisfaction. Furthermore, Norwegian is certified under the ISO 14001 Standard. This voluntary
standard sets requirements for establishment and implementation of a comprehensive environmental management system which we have
adopted for our operations. Currently we operate under an Environmental Management Plan that is incorporated into the SEMS program. 

   

 If we violate or fail to comply with environmental laws, regulations
or treaties, we could be fined, or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. We have made, and will continue to make, capital and other
expenditures to comply with changing environmental laws, regulations and treaties. Any fines or other sanctions for violation or
failure to comply with environmental requirements or any expenditures required to comply with environmental requirements could
have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, cash flow or financial condition. 

   

 Permits for Glacier Bay, Alaska  

   

 In connection with certain of our Alaska cruise operations, we rely
on concession permits from the U.S. National Park Service to operate our ships in Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve. We currently
hold a concession permit allowing for 22 calls per summer cruising season through September 30, 2019. However, there can be
no assurance that such permit will be renewed when necessary or that regulations relating to the renewal of such permit will remain
unchanged in the future. 

   

 Security and Safety  

   

 The IMO has adopted safety standards as part of SOLAS, which apply
to all of our ships. SOLAS establishes requirements for vessel design, structural features, construction methods and materials,
refurbishment standards, life-saving equipment, fire protection and detection, safe management and operation and security in order
to help ensure the safety and security of our guests and crew. All of our crew undergo regular safety training exercises that meet
all international and national maritime regulations. 

   

 SOLAS requires that all cruise ships are certified as having safety
procedures that comply with the requirements of the International Management Code for the Safe Operation of Ships and for Pollution
Prevention (“ISM Code”). We have obtained certificates certifying that our ships are in compliance with the ISM Code.
Each such certificate is granted for a five-year period and is subject to periodic verification. 

   

 The SOLAS requirements are amended and extended by the IMO from
time to time. For example, the International Port and Ship Facility Code (“ISPS Code”), was adopted by the IMO in December
2002 and provides for measures strengthening maritime security and places new requirements on governments, port authorities and
shipping companies in relation to security issues on ships and in ports. 

   

 In addition to the requirements of the ISPS Code, the U.S. Congress
enacted the Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002 (“MTSA”), which implements a number of security measures at
ports in the U.S. including measures that apply to ships registered outside the U.S. and docking at ports in the U.S. The U.S.
Coast Guard has published MTSA regulations that require a security plan for every ship entering the territorial waters of the U.S.,
provide for identification requirements for ships entering such waters and establish various procedures for the identification
of crew members on such ships. The Transportation Workers Identification Credential is a federal requirement for accessibility
into and onto U.S. ports and U.S.-flagged ships. 

   

 Amendments to SOLAS required that ships constructed in accordance
with pre-1974 SOLAS requirements install automatic sprinkler systems by December 31, 2005. 

   


 
     19 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 IMO adopted an amendment to SOLAS which requires partial bulkheads
on stateroom balconies to be of non-combustible construction. All of our ships are in compliance with the SOLAS amendment. The
new SOLAS regulation on Long-Range Identification and Tracking entered into force on January 1, 2008. 

   

 Maritime-Labor  

   

 In 2006, the International Labor Organization (“ILO”),
an agency of the United Nations that develops and oversees international labor standards, adopted a new Consolidated Maritime Labor
Convention (“MLC 2006”). MLC 2006 contains a comprehensive set of global standards based on those that are already
found in 68 maritime labor Conventions and Recommendations adopted by the ILO since 1920. MLC 2006 includes a broad range of requirements,
such as a broader definition of a seafarer, minimum age of seafarers, medical certificates, recruitment practices, training, repatriation,
food, recreational facilities, health and welfare, hours of work and rest, accommodations, wages and entitlements. MLC 2006 added
requirements not previously in effect, in the areas of occupational safety and health. MLC 2006 became effective in certain countries
commencing August 2013. The Standard of Training Certification and Watch Keeping for Seafarers (“STCW”), as amended,
establishes minimum standards relating to training, certification and watchkeeping for our seafarers. 

   

 Financial Requirements  

   

 The FMC requires evidence of financial responsibility for those
offering transportation on passenger ships operating out of U.S. ports to indemnify passengers in the event of non-performance
of the transportation. Accordingly, each of our three brands are required to maintain a $22.0 million third-party performance guarantee
in respect of liabilities for non-performance of transportation and other obligations to passengers. Recent regulations have revised
the financial requirements with respect to both death/injury and non-performance coverages to increase the current $22.0 million
performance guarantee to $30.0 million effective April 2, 2015. Once fully effective in April 2015, the guarantee requirements
will be subject to additional consumer price index-based adjustments. We do not anticipate that compliance with the new rules will
have a material effect on our costs. Also, each of our brands have a legal requirement to maintain a security guarantee based on
cruise business originated from the U.K. and, accordingly, have established separate bonds with the Association of British Travel
Agents currently valued at British Pound Sterling 8.0 million in the aggregate. We also are required to establish financial responsibility
by other jurisdictions to meet liability in the event of non-performance of our obligations to passengers from those jurisdictions. 

   

 From time to time, various other regulatory and legislative changes
have been or may in the future be proposed that may have an effect on our operations in the U.S. and the cruise industry in general. 

   

 For information regarding risks associated with our compliance with
legal and regulatory requirements, see Part I Item 1A-Risk Factors in this annual report on Form 10-K, including the risk factor
titled “We are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, which could adversely
affect our operations and any changes in the current laws and regulations could lead to increased costs or decreased revenue.” 

   

 Taxation  

   

 U.S. Income Taxation 

   

 The following discussion is based upon current provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”), U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative rulings and court decisions, all of which
are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. Changes in these authorities may cause the tax consequences to vary substantially
from the consequences described below. 

   

 Exemption of International Shipping Income under Section 883
of the Code  

   

 Under Section 883 of the Code and the related regulations, a foreign
corporation will be exempt from U.S. federal income taxation on its U.S. source income derived from the international operation
of ships (“shipping income”) if: (a) it is organized in a qualified foreign country, which is one that grants an “equivalent
exemption” from tax to corporations organized in the U.S. in respect of each category of shipping income for which exemption
is being claimed under Section 883 of the Code; and (b) either: (1) more than 50% of the value of its stock is beneficially owned,
directly or indirectly, by qualified shareholders, which includes individuals who are “residents” of a qualified foreign
country; (2) one or more classes of its stock representing, in the aggregate, more than 50% of the combined voting power and value
of all classes of its stock are “primarily and regularly traded on one or more established securities markets” in a
qualified foreign country or in the U.S. (the “publicly traded test”); or (3) it is a “controlled foreign corporation”
(a “CFC”) for more than half of the taxable year and more than 50% of its stock is owned by qualified U.S. persons
for more than half of the taxable year (the “CFC test”). In addition, U.S. Treasury Regulations require a foreign corporation
and certain of its direct and indirect shareholders to satisfy detailed substantiation and reporting requirements. 

   

 NCLH is incorporated in Bermuda, a qualified foreign country which
grants an equivalent exemption and NCLH meets the publicly traded test because its ordinary shares are primarily and regularly
traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, which is considered 

   


 
     20 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 to be an established securities market in the United States. Therefore,
we believe that NCLH qualifies for the benefits of Section 883 of the Code. 

   

 We believe and have taken the position that substantially all of
NCLH’s income, including the income of its ship-owning subsidiaries, is properly categorized as shipping income and that
we do not have a material amount of non-qualifying income. It is possible, however, that a much larger percentage of our income
does not qualify (or will not qualify) as shipping income. Moreover, the exemption for shipping income is only available for years
in which we will satisfy complex tests under Section 883 of the Code. There are factual circumstances beyond our control, including
changes in the direct and indirect owners of NCLH’s ordinary shares, including as a result of the Acquisition of Prestige,
which could cause NCLH or its subsidiaries to lose the benefit of the exemption under Section 883 of the Code. Further, any changes
in our operations could significantly increase our exposure to taxation on shipping income, and we can give no assurances on this
matter. 

   

 Under certain circumstances, changes in the identity, residence
or holdings of NCLH’s direct or indirect shareholders could cause NCLH’s ordinary shares not to be regularly traded
on an established securities market within the meaning of the regulations under Section 883 of the Code. Therefore, as a precautionary
matter, NCLH has provided protections in its bye-laws to reduce the risk of such changes impacting our abilility to meet the publicly
traded test by prohibiting any person, other than the Sponsors, from owning, directly, indirectly or constructively, more than
4.9% of NCLH’s ordinary shares unless such ownership is approved by NCLH’s Board of Directors (the “4.9% limit”).
Any outstanding shares held in excess of the 4.9% limit will be transferred to and held in a trust. 

   

 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, Regent and its non-U.S. subsidiaries
are disregarded as entities separate from their immediate foreign parent (PCH) and Oceania is treated as a corporation. For 2014,
both Regent and Oceania relied on PCH’s ability to meet the requirements necessary to qualify for the benefits of Section
883 of the Code. PCH is organized as a company in Panama, which grants an equivalent tax exemption to U.S. corporations, and is
thus classified as a qualified foreign country for purposes of Section 883 of the Code. PCH was classified as a CFC for the taxable
year ended December 31, 2014 and we believe PCH meets the ownership and substantiation requirements of the CFC test under the regulations
for that year. 

   

 Taxation of International Shipping Income Where Section 883 of
the Code is Inapplicable  

   

 Unless exempt from U.S. federal income taxation, a foreign corporation
is subject to U.S. federal income tax in respect of its “shipping income” that is derived from sources within the U.S.
If we fail to qualify for the exemption under Section 883 of the Code in respect of our U.S. sourced shipping income, we will be
subject to taxation in the U.S. on such income. 

   

 Generally, “shipping income” is any income that is derived
from the use of vessels, from the hiring or leasing of vessels for use on a time, voyage or bareboat charter basis or from the
performance of services directly related to those uses. For these purposes, shipping income attributable to transportation that
begins or ends, but that does not both begin and end, in the U.S., which we refer to as “U.S. source shipping income,”
will be considered to be 50% derived from sources within the U.S. 

   

 If we do not qualify for exemption under Section 883 of the Code,
any U.S.-sourced shipping income or any other income that is considered to be effectively connected income would be subject to
federal corporate income taxation on a net basis (generally at a 35% rate) and state and local taxes, and our effectively connected
earnings and profits may also be subject to an additional branch profits tax of 30%, unless a lower treaty rate applies (the “Net
Tax Regime”). Our U.S. source shipping income is considered effectively connected income if we have, or are considered to
have, a fixed place of business in the U.S. involved in the earning of U.S. source shipping income, and substantially all of our
U.S. source shipping income is attributable to regularly scheduled transportation, such as the operation of a vessel that follows
a published schedule with repeated sailings at regular intervals between the same points for voyages that begin or end in the U.S. 

   

 If we do not have a fixed place of business in the U.S. or substantially
all of our income is not derived from regularly scheduled transportation, the income will generally not be considered to be effectively
connected income. In that case, we would be subject to a special 4% tax on our U.S. source shipping income (the “4% Tax Regime”). 

   

 Other United States Taxation 

   

 U.S. Treasury Regulations list several items of income which are
not considered to be incidental to the international operation of ships and, to the extent derived from U.S. sources, are subject
to U.S. federal income taxes under the Net Tax Regime discussed above. Income items considered non-incidental to the international
operation of ships include income from the sale of single-day cruises, shore excursions, air and other transportation, and pre-
and post-cruise land packages. We believe that substantially all of our income currently derived from the international operation
of ships is shipping income. 

   


 
     21 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Income from U.S.-flagged Operation under the NCL America brand 

   

 Income derived from our U.S.-flagged operation generally will be
subject to U.S. corporate income taxes both at the federal and state levels.  We expect that such income will not be subject
to U.S. branch profits tax nor a U.S. dividend withholding tax under the U.S.-U.K. Income Tax Treaty. 

   

 U.K. Income Taxation 

   

 As a result of a restructuring, NCLH and NCLC became tax residents
of the U.K. and are subject to normal U.K. corporation tax. 

   

 U.S. Taxation of Gain on Sale of Vessels 

   

 Gains from the sale of vessels should generally also be exempt from
tax under Section 883 of the Code provided NCLH qualifies for exemption from tax under Section 883 of the Code in respect of our
shipping income. If, however, our gain does not qualify for exemption under Section 883 of the Code, then such gain could be subject
to either the Net Tax Regime or the 4% Tax Regime. 

   

 Certain State, Local and Non-U.S. Tax Matters 

   

 We may be subject to state, local and non-U.S. income or non-income
taxes in various jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business, own property or reside. We may be required to file
tax returns in some or all of those jurisdictions. Our state, local or non-U.S. tax treatment may not conform to the U.S. federal
income tax treatment discussed above. We may be required to pay non-U.S. taxes on dispositions of foreign property or operations
involving foreign property may give rise to non-U.S. income or other tax liabilities in amounts that could be substantial. 

   

 Changes in Tax Laws 

   

 The various tax regimes to which we are currently subject result
in a relatively low effective tax rate on our worldwide income. These tax regimes, however, are subject to change, possibly with
retroactive effect. For example, legislation has been proposed in the past that would eliminate the benefits of the exemption from
U.S. federal income tax under Section 883 of the Code and subject all or a portion of our shipping income to taxation in the United
States. Moreover, we may become subject to new tax regimes and may be unable to take advantage of favorable tax provisions afforded
by current or future law including exemption of branch profits and dividend withholding taxes under the U.S.-U.K. Income Tax Treaty
on income derived in respect of our U.S.-flagged operation. 

   

 Employees  

   

 As of December 31, 2014, we employed approximately 2,700 full-time
employees worldwide in our shoreside operations and approximately 22,200 shipboard employees. Prestige ships also utilize a third
party to provide additional hotel and restaurant employees onboard. We refer you to “Risk Factors—Amendments to the
collective bargaining agreements for crew members of our fleet and other employee relation issues may materially adversely affect
our financial results” for more information regarding our relationships with union employees and our collective bargaining
agreements that are currently in place. 

   

 Ports and Facilities 

   

 We have an agreement with the Government of Bermuda whereby two
of our ships are permitted weekly calls in Bermuda through 2018 from Boston, Baltimore, Charleston and New York. In addition, we
own a private island in the Bahamas, Great Stirrup Cay, which we utilize as a port-of-call on certain itineraries. We have a contract
with the New York City Economic Development Corporation pursuant to which we receive preferential berthing rights at the Manhattan
Cruise Terminal. Furthermore, we have contracts with the Port of New Orleans and the Port of Miami pursuant to which we receive
preferential berths to the exclusion of other vessels for certain specified days of the week at the cities’ cruise ship terminals.
In addition, we have agreements with similar rights in Port Canaveral, FL and the Port of Tampa. We have an agreement with the
Houston Port Authority through April 15, 2017, for certain exclusive berthing rights at the Houston Passenger Cruise Terminal.
We have a concession permit with the U.S. National Park Service whereby our ships are permitted to call on Glacier Bay during each
summer cruise season through September 30, 2019. Most recently, we entered into an agreement with the British Virgin Islands Port
Authority granting priority berthing rights for a 15-year term with two options to extend the agreement for additional five year
terms. 

   

 Segment Reporting  

   

 We have concluded that our business has a single reportable segment.
Each brand, Oceania, Regent and Norwegian constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and management
regularly reviews the operating results and, therefore, 

   


 
     22 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 each brand is considered an operating segment. Our operating segments
have similar economic characteristics, including similar margins and similar products and services; therefore, we aggregate all
of the operating segments into one reportable segment. 

   

 Although we sell cruises on an international basis, our passenger
ticket revenue is primarily attributed to guests who make reservations in North America. Revenue attributable to North American
guests was 80.1%, 79.9% and 80.5% for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Substantially
all of our long–lived assets are located outside of the U.S. and consist primarily of our ships. 

   

 Available Information  

   

 We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
and current reports on Form 8-K and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any document we file with the SEC at
the SEC’s public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for
further information on the public reference room. Our SEC filings are also available to the public at the SEC’s website at
http://www.sec.gov. 

   

 We also maintain an Internet site at http://www.nclhltdinvestor.com.
We will, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports if applicable, make available such reports free of charge
on our website.  Our website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not incorporated into this annual
report on Form 10-K.  

   

 Executive Officers 

   

 The following table sets forth certain information regarding NCLH’s
executive officers as of February 20, 2015. 

   

 
 
     Name  
       
       
     Age 
       
       
     Position 
 
     Frank J. Del Rio 
       
       
     60 
       
       
     President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
     Wendy A. Beck  
       
       
     50 
       
       
     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
     Andrew Madsen  
       
       
     58 
       
       
     President and Chief Operating Officer, Norwegian Brand 
 
     Jason M. Montague 
       
       
     41 
       
       
     President and Chief Operating Officer, Regent and Oceania Brands 
 
     Robert J. Binder  
       
       
     50 
       
       
     President of International Operations 
 
     Daniel S. Farkas  
       
       
     46 
       
       
     Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary 
 
   

 All the executive officers listed above hold their offices at the
pleasure of our Board of Directors, subject to rights under any applicable employment agreements. There are no family relationships
between or among any directors and executive officers. 

   

 Frank J. Del Rio  has served as President and Chief Executive
Officer of NCLH since January 2015. Mr. Del Rio founded Oceania in October 2002 and has served as Chief Executive Officer of Prestige
or its predecessor since October 2002. Based in Miami, Florida, Mr. Del Rio has been responsible for the financial and strategic
development of Prestige. Between 2003 and 2007, Mr. Del Rio was instrumental in the development and growth of Oceania. Prior to
founding Oceania, Mr. Del Rio played a vital role in the development of Renaissance Cruises, serving as Co-Chief Executive Officer,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1993 to April 2001. Mr. Del Rio holds a B.S. in Accounting from the University
of Florida and is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive license). 

   

 Wendy A. Beck  has served as the Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer since September 2010. Prior to joining us, Ms. Beck served as Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. from May 2008 to August 2010. Prior to that she served as Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Whataburger Restaurants, LP from May 2004 through April 2008 and
served as their Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer from August 2001 through April 2004. Ms. Beck was also employed
at Checkers Drive-In Restaurants, Inc. from 1993 through July 2001, serving as their Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer from 2000 through July 2001. Ms. Beck currently sits on the board of directors and chairs the audit committee
for At Home Corporation. Ms. Beck holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from the University of South Florida and is
a Certified Public Accountant. 

   

 Andrew Madsen  has served as President and Chief Operating
Officer of the Norwegian brand since October 2014. Prior to joining us, Mr. Madsen served as President and Chief Operating
Officer of Darden Restaurants, Inc., a full service restaurant operations company, from November 2004 through September 2013.
Prior to that, he served as President of Olive Garden from March 2002 until November 2004 and as their Executive Vice
President of Marketing from December 1998 through March 2002. From 1997 until 1998, he was President of International
Master Publishers, a company that developed and marketed consumer information products such as magazines and compact discs. From
1993 until 1997, he held various positions at James River Corporation, including Vice President and General Manager for the Dixie
consumer products unit (now part of Georgia-Pacific LLC). From 1980 until 1992, he held various marketing positions with General
Mills, Inc., a manufacturer and marketer of consumer food products. Mr. Madsen holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from
DePauw University and an MBA from the University of Michigan. 

   


 
     23 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Jason M. Montague  has served as President and Chief Operating
Officer for the Regent and Oceania brands since December 2014. Prior to NCLH’s Acquisition of Prestige, Mr. Montague served
as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Prestige from September 2010 until NCLH’s Acquisition of Prestige
in November 2014. Mr. Montague worked on the integration of NCLH and Prestige as the Executive Vice President and Chief Integration
Officer of NCLH. He was instrumental in launching Oceania in 2002 and is widely regarded as one of the original co-founders. Mr.
Montague served as Oceania’s Vice President and Treasurer from 2004 to 2007 and Senior Vice President of Finance from 2008
to 2010. Mr. Montague has seen Oceania through the purchase of its initial R-class ships, the equity investment by Apollo Global
Management, LLC, the acquisition and integration of Regent Seven Seas Cruises, the financing and delivery of Oceania’s Marina
and Riviera newbuilds and the recent Acquisition of Prestige by NCLH. Prior to joining Oceania, Mr. Montague operated a successful
consulting practice focused on strategic planning and development of small to medium-sized companies. Previously, he held the position
of Vice President Finance for Alton Entertainment Corporation, a brand equity marketer who was majority owned by the Interpublic
Group of Companies. Mr. Montague holds a BBA in Accounting from the University of Miami. 

   

 Robert J. Binder  has served as President of International
Operations since February 2015. Prior to the Acquisition of Prestige, Mr. Binder served as the Vice Chairman of Prestige since
May 2011 and President of Prestige since January 2008 where he oversaw the global expansion of the Prestige brands and was responsible
for sales, marketing and branding efforts internationally. Mr. Binder played a key role in the development and design of new Oceania
ships, new restaurant concepts and the introduction of the Bon Apetit Culinary Center. He is co-founder of Oceania and previously
served as President of Oceania. Before launching Oceania, Mr. Binder was the President of Meadowoods Consulting, which provided
consulting services to the financial and travel services industries. From 1992 to 2001 he held several executive posts in the cruise
industry. Mr. Binder also held senior management positions at JP Morgan Chase, where he was a Strategic Planning Officer, and at
Renaissance Cruises, where he was Vice President of Sales. Mr. Binder earned master’s degrees in both Finance and Marketing
from Cornell University and did his undergraduate studies at Purdue University. 

   

 Daniel S. Farkas  has served as Senior Vice President and
General Counsel of the Company since February 2008 and as Assistant Secretary of the Company since 2013. Since Mr. Farkas
joined us in January 2004, he has held the positions of Secretary from 2010 to 2013, Vice President and Assistant General
Counsel from 2005 to 2008, and Assistant General Counsel from 2004 to 2005. Mr. Farkas was formerly a partner in the Miami offices
of the law firm Mase and Gassenheimer specializing in maritime litigation. Before that he was an Assistant State Attorney for the
Eleventh Judicial Circuit in and for Miami-Dade County, Florida. Mr. Farkas currently serves on the board of directors of the Cruise
Industry Charitable Foundation and the Steamship Mutual Underwriting Association Limited. Mr. Farkas earned a Bachelor of Arts
degree Cum Laude with honors in English and American Literature from Brandeis University and a Juris Doctorate degree from the
University of Miami. 

   

 Item 1A. Risk Factors  

   

 In addition to the other information contained in this annual
report, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating us and our business. If any of the risks discussed
in this annual report actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected. In connection with the forward-looking statements that appear in this annual report, you should also carefully review
the cautionary statement referred to under “Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements.”  

   

 Risks Related to the Acquisition of Prestige 

   

 Significant costs have been incurred in connection with the
consummation of the Acquisition of Prestige and are expected to be incurred in connection with the integration of Prestige into
our business, including legal, accounting, financial advisory and other costs. 

   

 Significant costs have been incurred and will be incurred in connection
with integrating the operations, products and personnel of Prestige into our business, in addition to costs related directly to
completing the Acquisition of Prestige. These costs may include costs for: 

   

 • employee retention, redeployment,
relocation or severance; 

   

 • integration of information
systems; 

   

 • combination of corporate
and administrative functions and processes; and 

   

 • maintenance and management
of our fleet. 

   

 In addition, we have incurred a number of non-recurring costs associated
with combining our operations with those of Prestige. Although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as
the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of 

   


 
     24 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 our operations with those of Prestige, may offset incremental transaction
and transaction-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. 

   

 In addition, we incurred and assumed new indebtedness in connection
with the Acquisition of Prestige. This debt may limit our financial and operating flexibility, and we may incur additional debt,
which could increase the risks associated with our substantial indebtedness. Our substantial indebtedness has had, and will continue
to have, material consequences for our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 We may not realize the anticipated benefits of the Acquisition
of Prestige. 

   

 The Acquisition of Prestige involves the integration of two companies
that have previously operated independently. The integration of our operations with those of Prestige is expected to result in
financial and operational benefits, including increased revenue and cost savings. There can be no assurance, however, regarding
when or the extent to which we will be able to realize these increased revenue, cost savings or other benefits. Integration may
also be difficult, unpredictable and subject to delay because of possible company culture conflicts and different opinions on technical
decisions and product roadmaps. We must integrate or, in some cases, replace, numerous systems, including those involving management
information, purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, billing, employee benefits, payroll, data privacy and security and regulatory
compliance, many of which may be dissimilar. Difficulties associated with integration could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 In connection with the Acquisition of Prestige, we assumed
certain liabilities relating to Prestige’s business. 

   

 In connection with the Acquisition of Prestige, we have assumed
certain potential liabilities relating to Prestige’s business. To the extent we have not identified such liabilities or to
the extent the indemnifications obtained from the other parties to the Merger Agreement for the Acquisition of Prestige are insufficient
to cover known liabilities, these liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

   

 Integrating Prestige’s business into our business may
divert our management’s attention away from operations. 

   

 Successful integration of Prestige’s operations, products
and personnel may place a significant burden on our management and other internal resources. The diversion of management’s
attention, and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process, could harm our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

   

 As a result of the Acquisition of Prestige we may not be able
to retain key personnel or recruit additional qualified personnel, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations and require us to incur substantial additional costs to recruit replacement personnel. 

   

 As a result of the Acquisition of Prestige, our current and prospective
employees could experience uncertainty about their future roles. This uncertainty may adversely affect our ability to attract and
retain high-quality employees. Any failure to attract and retain key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Risks Related to the Company 

   

 The adverse impact of general economic and related factors,
such as fluctuating or increasing levels of unemployment, underemployment and the volatility of fuel prices, declines in the securities
and real estate markets and perceptions of these conditions can decrease the level of disposable income of consumers or consumer
confidence. The demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic conditions.  

   

 The demand for cruises is affected by international, national and
local economic conditions. Adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate in North America or globally, such as the
volatility of fuel prices, higher interest rates, stock and real estate market declines and/or volatility, more restrictive credit
markets, higher unemployment or underemployment rates, higher taxes and changes in governmental policies could reduce the level
of discretionary income or consumer confidence in the countries from which we source our guests. Consequently, this may negatively
affect demand for cruise vacations in these countries, which are a discretionary purchase. Decreases in demand for cruise vacations
could result in price discounting, which, in turn, could reduce the profitability of our business. In addition, these conditions
could also impact our suppliers, which could result in disruptions in our suppliers’ services and financial losses for us. 

   

 Conducting business internationally may result in increased
costs and risks.  

   

 We operate our business internationally and plan to continue to
develop our international presence. Operating internationally exposes us to a number of risks, including political risks, risks
of increases in duties and taxes, risks relating to anti-bribery laws, as well as risks that laws and policies affecting cruising,
vacation or maritime businesses, or governing the operations of foreign-based companies may change. Because some of our expenses
are incurred in foreign currencies, we are exposed to exchange rate risks. We 

   


 
     25 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 have historically and may in the future enter into ship construction
contracts denominated in euros. While we have entered into foreign currency swaps and collar options to manage a portion of the
currency risk associated with such contracts, we are exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate for the portions of the
ship construction contracts that have not been hedged. Additionally, if the shipyard is unable to perform under the related ship
construction contract, any foreign currency hedges that were entered into to manage the currency risk would need to be terminated.
Additional risks include interest rate movements, imposition of trade barriers, restrictions on repatriation of earnings, withholding
and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries and changes in and application of foreign taxation structures,
including value added taxes. If we are unable to address these risks adequately, our business, financial condition and results
of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

   

 Operating internationally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes
conflicting legal and regulatory requirements. In many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in
the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. We have implemented safeguards and policies
to prevent violations of various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments
and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business by our employees and agents. However, our existing safeguards
and policies and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective and our employees or agents may engage in conduct
prohibited by our policies, but for which we nevertheless may be held responsible. If our employees or agents violate our policies,
if we fail to maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately record our transactions or if we
fail to implement or maintain other adequate safeguards, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions or severe criminal or civil
sanctions and penalties. 

   

 Changes in fuel prices and/or other cruise operating costs
would impact the cost of our cruise ship operations.  

   

 Fuel expense accounted for 16.8% of our total cruise operating expense
for the year ended December 31, 2014, compared to 18.3% and 19.2% for the same periods in 2013 and 2012, respectively. Future increases
in the cost of fuel globally would increase the cost of our cruise ship operations. In addition, we could experience increases
in other cruise operating costs due to market forces and economic or political instability beyond our control. Despite any fuel
hedges we are currently a party to, or may enter into in the future, increases in fuel prices or other cruise operating costs could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations if we are unable to recover these
increased costs through price increases charged to our guests. 

   

 Our efforts to expand our business into new markets may not
be successful.  

   

 We believe there remains significant opportunity to expand our passenger
sourcing into major markets, such as Europe and Australia, as well as into emerging markets in the Asia Pacific region and may
undertake such expansion efforts at any time in the future. Expansion into new markets requires significant levels of investment.
There can be no assurance that these markets will develop as anticipated or that we will have success in these markets, and if
we do not, we may be unable to recover our investment spent to expand our business into these markets, which could adversely impact
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our ability
to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and prevent
us from making debt service payments.  

   

 Our level of indebtedness could limit cash flow available for our
operations and could adversely affect our financial condition, operations, prospects and flexibility. Our substantial indebtedness
could: 

   

 
 • limit our ability to borrow money for our working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, debt service requirements,
strategic initiatives or other purposes; 

   

 
 • make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, and any failure to comply with the
obligations of any of our debt instruments, including restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions, could result in an event
of default under the agreements governing our indebtedness; 

   

 
 • require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the repayment of our indebtedness, thereby
reducing funds available to us for other purposes; 

   

 
 • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our operations or business; 

   

 
 • make us more highly leveraged than some of our competitors, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage; 

   

 
 • make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, the economy or the industry in which we operate; 

   

 
 • restrict us from making strategic acquisitions, introducing new technologies or exploiting business opportunities; 

   

 
 • restrict us from taking certain actions by means of restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness; 

   

 
 • make our credit card processors seek more restrictive terms in respect of our credit card arrangements; and 

   


 
     26 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 • expose us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings are (and may be in the future) at a variable
rate of interest. 

   

 The agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions
that limit our flexibility in operating our business.  

   

 The agreements governing our indebtedness contain, and any instruments
governing future indebtedness of ours may contain, covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us,
including restrictions or prohibitions on our ability to, among other things: 

   

 
 • incur or guarantee additional debt or issue certain preference shares; 

   

 
 • pay dividends on or make distributions in respect of our share capital or make other restricted payments, including the ability
of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions to us and the ability of NCLC to pay dividends or make distributions
to NCLH; 

   

 
 • repurchase or redeem capital stock or subordinated indebtedness; 

   

 
 • make certain investments or acquisitions; 

   

 
 • transfer or sell certain assets; 

   

 
 • create liens on certain assets; 

   

 
 • consolidate or merge with, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets to, other companies; 

   

 
 • enter into certain transactions with our affiliates; 

   

 
 • pledge the capital stock of any guarantors of our indebtedness; and 

   

 
 • designate our subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. 

   

 As a result of these covenants, we are limited in the manner in
which we conduct our business, and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or
capital needs. 

   

 We have pledged a significant portion of our assets as collateral
under our existing debt agreements. If any of the holders of our indebtedness accelerate the repayment of such indebtedness, there
can be no assurance that we will have sufficient assets to repay our indebtedness.  

   

 Under our existing debt agreements, we are required to satisfy and
maintain specified financial ratios. Our ability to meet those financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and
there can be no assurance that we will meet those ratios. A failure to comply with the covenants contained in our existing debt
agreements could result in an event of default under such agreements, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the event of any default under our existing debt agreements,
the holders of our indebtedness thereunder: 

   

 
 • will not be required to lend any additional amounts to us, if applicable; 

   

 
 • could elect to declare all indebtedness outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be due and payable
and terminate all commitments to extend further credit, if applicable; and/or 

   

 
 • could require us to apply all of our available cash to repay such indebtedness. 

   

 Such actions by the holders of our indebtedness could cause cross
defaults under our other indebtedness. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the holders of our secured indebtedness could
proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. 

   

 If the indebtedness under our existing debt agreements were to be
accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay such indebtedness in full. 

   

 Despite our substantial indebtedness, we may still be able
to incur significantly more debt. This could intensify the risks described above.  

   

 We may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness at any
time in the future. Although the terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions on our ability to incur
additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of important qualifications and exceptions, and the indebtedness
incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service
all of our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness that may not
be successful. Our ability to satisfy our debt obligations will depend upon, among other things: 

   


 
     27 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 • our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business,
regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control; and 

   

 
 • our future ability to borrow under certain agreements governing our indebtedness, the availability of which depends on, among
other things, our complying with the covenants in such agreements. 

   

 There can be no assurance that our business will generate sufficient
cash flows from operations, or that we will be able to borrow additional amounts under our existing debt agreements or otherwise,
in an amount sufficient to fund our liquidity needs. 

   

 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to service
our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure
or refinance our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt
service obligations. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on numerous factors, including but not limited
to the condition of the capital markets, our financial condition at such time, credit ratings and the performance of our industry
in general. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants,
which could further restrict our business operations. In addition, the terms of existing or future debt agreements may restrict
us from adopting some of these alternatives. In the absence of such operating results and resources sufficient to service our debt,
we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt
service and other obligations. Some or all of our assets may be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value, however,
and we may not be able to consummate such dispositions for fair market value or at all. Furthermore, any proceeds that we could
realize from any such dispositions may not be adequate to meet our debt service obligations then due. Neither our Sponsors nor
any of their respective affiliates has any continuing obligation to provide us with debt or equity financing. 

   

 Additionally, the agreements governing our indebtedness include,
and any instruments governing future indebtedness of ours may include, exceptions to certain covenants that permit us to incur
additional indebtedness, make restricted payments and take other actions. 

   

 The impact of volatility and disruptions in the global credit
and financial markets may adversely affect our ability to borrow and could increase our counterparty credit risks, including those
under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees.
 

   

 There can be no assurance that we will be able to borrow additional
money on terms as favorable as our current debt, on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Economic downturns, including failures
of financial institutions and any related liquidity crisis, can disrupt the capital and credit markets. Such disruptions could
cause counterparties under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress
payment guarantees to be unable to perform their obligations or to breach their obligations to us under our contracts with them,
which could include failures of financial institutions to fund required borrowings under our loan agreements and to pay us amounts
that may become due under our derivative contracts and other agreements. Also, we may be limited in obtaining funds to pay amounts
due to our counterparties under our derivative contracts and to pay amounts that may become due under other agreements. If we were
to elect to replace any counterparty for their failure to perform their obligations under such instruments, we would likely incur
significant costs to replace the counterparty. Any failure to replace any counterparties under these circumstances may result in
additional costs to us or an ineffective instrument. 

   

 Terrorist acts, acts of piracy, armed conflict and threats
thereof and other international events impacting the security of travel could adversely affect the demand for cruises.  

   

 Past acts of terrorism and piracy have had an adverse effect on
tourism, travel and the availability of air service and other forms of transportation. The threat or possibility of future terrorist
acts, an outbreak of hostilities or armed conflict abroad or the possibility thereof, an increase in the activity of pirates operating
off the western coast of Africa or elsewhere, political unrest and instability, the issuance of travel advisories by national governments,
and other geo-political uncertainties have had in the past and may again in the future have an adverse impact on the demand for
cruises, and consequently, the pricing for cruises. Decreases in demand and reduced pricing in response to such decreased demand
would adversely affect our business by reducing our profitability. 

   

 Epidemics and viral outbreaks could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

   

 Public perception about the safety of travel and adverse publicity
related to passenger or crew illness, such as incidents of viral illnesses, stomach flu or other contagious diseases, may impact
demand for cruises and result in cruise cancellations and employee absenteeism. If any wide-ranging health scare should occur,
our business, financial condition and results of operations would likely be adversely affected. 

   

 We rely on external distribution channels for passenger bookings,
and major changes in the availability of external distribution channels could undermine our customer base.  

   

 The majority of our guests book their cruises through independent
travel agents, wholesalers and tour operators. In the event that these distribution channels are adversely impacted by an economic
downturn, or by other factors, this could reduce the distribution channels 

   


 
     28 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 available for us to market and sell our cruises and we could be
forced to increase the use of alternative distribution channels we are not accustomed to. If this were to occur, it could have
an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Additionally, independent travel agents, wholesalers and tour operators
generally sell and market our cruises on a non-exclusive basis. Although we offer commissions and other incentives to them for
booking our cruises, there can be no guarantee that our competitors will not offer higher commissions and incentives in the future.
Travel agents may face increasing pressure from our competitors, particularly in the North American market, to sell and market
our competitors’ cruises exclusively. If such exclusive arrangements were introduced, there can be no assurances that we
will be able to find alternative distribution channels to ensure that our customer base would not be affected. 

   

 We rely on third parties to provide hotel management services
for certain of our ships and certain other services, and we are exposed to risks facing such providers. In certain circumstances,
we may not be able to replace such third parties or we may be forced to replace them at an increased cost to us.  

   

 We rely on external third parties to provide hotel management services
for certain of our ships and certain other services that are vital to our business. If these service providers suffer financial
hardship or are otherwise unable to continue providing such services, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to replace such
service providers in a timely manner, which may cause an interruption in our operations. To the extent that we are able to replace
such service providers, we may be forced to pay an increased cost for equivalent services. Both the interruption of operations
and the replacement of the third-party service providers at an increased cost could adversely impact our financial condition and
results of operations. 

   

 Delays in our shipbuilding program and ship repairs, maintenance
and refurbishments could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.  

   

 The new construction, refurbishment, repair and maintenance of our
cruise ships are complex processes and involve risks similar to those encountered in other large and sophisticated equipment construction,
refurbishment and repair projects. Our ships are subject to the risk of mechanical failure or accident, which we have occasionally
experienced and have had to repair. If there is a mechanical failure or accident in the future, we may be unable to procure spare
parts when needed or make repairs without incurring material expense or suspension of service, especially if a problem affects
certain specialized maritime equipment, such as the radar, a pod propulsion unit, the electrical/power management system, the steering
gear or the gyro system. 

   

 In addition, availability, work stoppages, insolvency or financial
problems in the shipyards’ construction, refurbishment or repair of our ships, or other “force majeure” events
that are beyond our control and the control of shipyards or subcontractors, could also delay or prevent the newbuild delivery,
refurbishment and repair and maintenance of our ships. Any termination or breach of contract following such an event may result
in, among other things, the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us, potential claims and impairment of losses. A significant
delay in the delivery of a new ship, or a significant performance deficiency or mechanical failure of a new ship could also have
an adverse effect on our business. The consolidation of the control of certain European cruise shipyards could result in higher
prices for refurbishment and repairs due to reduced competition. Also, the lack of qualified shipyard repair facilities could result
in the inability to repair and maintain our ships on a timely basis. These potential events and the associated losses, to the extent
that they are not adequately covered by contractual remedies or insurance, could adversely affect our results of operations and
financial condition. 

   

 We rely on scheduled commercial airline services for passenger
and crew connections. Increases in the price of, or major changes or reduction in, commercial airline services could undermine
our customer base or disrupt our operations.  

   

 A number of our passengers and crew depend on scheduled commercial
airline services to transport them to ports of embarkation for our cruises. Increases in the price of airfare due to increases
in fuel prices, fuel surcharges, changes in commercial airline services as a result of strikes, weather or other events, or the
lack of availability due to schedule changes or a high level of airline bookings could adversely affect our ability to deliver
guests and crew to or from our cruise ships and thereby increase our cruise operating expenses which would, in turn, have an adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Our revenue is seasonal, owing to variations in passenger
fare rates and occupancy levels at different times of the year. We may not be able to generate revenue that is sufficient to cover
our expenses during certain periods of the year.  

   

 The demand for our cruises is seasonal, with greatest demand for
cruises generally occurring during the summer months. This seasonality in demand has resulted in fluctuations in our revenue and
results of operations. The seasonality of our results is increased due to ships being taken out of service for Dry-docks, which
we typically schedule during off-peak demand periods for such ships. Accordingly, seasonality in demand and Dry-dock periods could adversely
affect our ability to generate sufficient revenue to cover the expenses we incur during certain periods of the year. 

   

 Adverse incidents involving cruise ships and our ability to
obtain adequate insurance coverage may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

   


 
     29 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 The operation of cruise ships carries an inherent risk of loss caused
by adverse weather conditions and maritime disasters, including, but not limited to, oil spills and other environmental mishaps,
fire, mechanical failure, collisions, human error, war, terrorism, piracy, political action, civil unrest and insurrection in various
countries and other circumstances or events. Any such event may result in loss of life or property, loss of revenue or increased
costs. The operation of cruise ships also involves the risk of other incidents at sea or while in port, including missing guests,
inappropriate crew or passenger behavior and onboard crimes, which may bring into question passenger safety, may adversely affect
future industry performance and may lead to litigation against us. Although we place passenger safety as the highest priority in
the design and operation of our fleet, we have experienced accidents and other incidents involving our cruise ships and there can
be no assurance that similar events will not occur in the future. It is possible that we could be forced to cancel a cruise or
a series of cruises due to these factors or incur increased port-related and other costs resulting from such adverse events. Any
such event involving our cruise ships or other passenger cruise ships may adversely affect guests’ perceptions of safety
or result in increased governmental or other regulatory oversight. An adverse judgment or settlement in respect of any of the ongoing
claims against us may also lead to negative publicity about us. Anything that damages our reputation (whether or not justified),
including adverse publicity about passenger safety, could have an adverse impact on demand, which could lead to price discounting
and a reduction in our sales and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If there is
a significant accident, mechanical failure or similar problem involving a ship, we may have to place a ship in an extended Dry-dock
period for repairs. This could result in material lost revenue and/or expenditures. 

   

 There can be no assurance that all risks are fully insured against
or that any particular claim will be fully paid. Such losses, to the extent they are not adequately covered by contractual remedies
or insurance, could affect our financial results. In addition, we have been and continue to be subject to calls, or premiums, in
amounts based not only on our own claim records, but also the claim records of all other members of the protection and indemnity
associations through which we receive indemnity coverage for tort liability. Our payment of these calls and increased premiums
could result in significant expenses to us. If we were to sustain significant losses in the future, our ability to obtain insurance
coverage or coverage at commercially reasonable rates could be materially adversely affected. Moreover, irrespective of the occurrence
of such events, there can still be no assurance that we will be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable
rates or at all. 

   

 Breaches in data security or other disturbances to our information
technology and other networks could impair our operations and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition
and results of operations.  

   

 The integrity and reliability of our information technology systems
and other networks are crucial to our business operations. Disruptions to these networks could impair our operations and have an
adverse impact on our financial results and negatively affect our reputation and customer demand. In addition, certain networks
are dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability.
Among other things, actual or threatened natural disasters (e.g., hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, fires, floods) or similar
events, information systems failures, computer viruses, denial of service attacks and other cyber-attacks may cause disruptions
to our information technology, telecommunications and other networks. While we have and continue to invest in business continuity,
disaster recovery and data restoration plans, we cannot completely insulate ourselves from disruptions that could result in adverse
effects on our operations and financial results. We carry limited business interruption insurance for certain of our shoreside
operations, subject to limitations, exclusions and deductibles. 

   

 We have also made significant investments in our information technology
systems to optimize booking procedures, enhance the marketing power of our websites and control costs. Any unauthorized use of
our information systems to gain access to sensitive information, corrupt data or create general disturbances in our operations
systems could impair our ability to conduct business and damage our reputation. If our security systems were breached, we could
be exposed to cyber-related risks and malware, and credit card and other sensitive data could be at risk. 

   

 In the event of a data security breach of our systems and/or third-party
systems, we may incur costs associated with the following: breach response, notification, forensics, regulatory investigations,
public relations, consultants, credit identity monitoring, credit freezes, fraud alert, credit identity restoration, credit card
cancellation, credit card reissuance or replacement, regulatory fines and penalties, vendor fines and penalties, legal fees and
damages. Denial of service attacks may result in costs associated with, among other things, the following: response, forensics,
public relations, consultants, data restoration, legal fees and settlement. In addition, data security breaches or denial of service
attacks may cause business interruption, information technology disruption, disruptions as a result of regulatory investigation,
digital asset loss related to corrupted or destroyed data, damage to our reputation, damages to intangible property and other intangible
damages, such as loss of consumer confidence, all of which could impair our operations and have an adverse impact on our financial
results. While we have and continue to invest in data and information technology security initiatives, we cannot completely insulate
ourselves from the risks of data security breaches and denial of service attacks that could result in adverse effects on our operations
and financial results. 

   

 A failure to keep pace with developments in technology could
impair our operations or competitive position.  

   

 Our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated systems
and technology. These systems and technologies must be refined, updated and replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis
in order for us to meet our customers’ demands and expectations. If we are unable to do so on a timely basis or within reasonable
cost parameters, or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train 

   


 
     30 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 our employees to operate any of these new systems, our business
could suffer. We also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new system or technology, such as fuel abatement
technologies, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could impair our operating results. 

   

 Amendments to the collective bargaining agreements for crew
members of our fleet and other employee relation issues may materially adversely affect our financial results. 

   

 Currently, we are a party to six collective bargaining agreements.
Three of these agreements are in effect through 2017. Of the three remaining agreements, two are scheduled to expire in 2018 and
one is scheduled to expire in 2020. Upon appropriate notice, these agreements may be reopened at certain three-year intervals,
and we received notice from two of the parties to reopen wage/benefit negotiations in 2015. These negotiations are scheduled for
a completion date of April 1, 2015. Any future amendments to such collective bargaining agreements or inability to satisfactorily
renegotiate such agreements may increase our labor costs and have a negative impact on our financial condition. In addition, although
our collective bargaining agreements have a no-strike provision, they may not prevent a disruption in work on our ships in the
future. Any such disruptions in work could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

   

 Unavailability of ports of call may materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

   

 We believe that attractive port destinations are a major reason
why guests choose to go on a particular cruise or on a cruise vacation. The availability of ports, including the specific port
facility at which our guests will embark and disembark, is affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, existing
capacity constraints, security, safety and environmental concerns, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, financial
limitations on port development, political instability, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, local
governmental regulations and fees, local community concerns about port development and other adverse impacts on their communities
from additional tourists and sanctions programs implemented by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Treasury
Department or other regulatory bodies. Any limitations on the availability of ports of call or on the availability of shore excursions
and other service providers at such ports could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Litigation, enforcement actions, fines or penalties could
adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations and damage our reputation.  

   

 Our business is subject to various U.S. and international laws and
regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and
damages. In addition, improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal
proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. In certain circumstances, it
may not be economical to defend against such matters, and a legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter.
Such events could lead to an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 

   

 As a result of any ship-related or other incidents, litigation claims,
enforcement actions and regulatory actions and investigations, including, but not limited to, those arising from personal injury,
loss of life, loss of or damage to personal property, business interruption losses or environmental damage to any affected coastal
waters and the surrounding area, may be asserted or brought against various parties, including us and/or our cruise brands. The
time and attention of our management may also be diverted in defending such claims, actions and investigations. Subject to applicable
insurance coverage, we may also incur costs both in defending against any claims, actions and investigations and for any judgments,
fines, civil or criminal penalties if such claims, actions or investigations are adversely determined. 

   

 Risks Related to the Regulatory Environment in Which We Operate 

   

 Future changes in applicable tax laws, or our inability to
take advantage of favorable tax regimes, could increase the amount of taxes we must pay.  

   

 We believe and have taken the position that our income that is considered
to be derived from the international operation of ships as well as certain income that is considered to be incidental to such income
(“shipping income”), is exempt from U.S. federal income taxes under Section 883 of the Code, based upon certain assumptions
as to shareholdings and other information as more fully described in “Item 1—Business—Taxation.” The provisions
of Section 883 of the Code are subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. 

   

 We believe and have taken the position that substantially all of
our income derived from the international operation of ships is properly categorized as shipping income and that we do not have
a material amount of non-qualifying income. It is possible, however, that a much larger percentage of our income does not qualify
(or will not qualify) as shipping income. Moreover, the exemption for shipping income is only available for years in which NCLH
will satisfy complex stock ownership tests or the publicly traded test under Section 883 of the Code as described in “Item
1—Business— Taxation—Exemption of International Shipping Income under Section 883 of the Code.” There are
factual circumstances beyond our control, including changes in the direct and indirect owners of NCLH’s ordinary shares,
which could cause us or our subsidiaries to lose the benefit of this tax exemption. Finally, any changes in our 

   


 
     31 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 operations could significantly increase our exposure to either the
Net Tax Regime or the 4% Regime (each as defined in “Item 1—Business—Taxation”), and we can give no assurances
on this matter. 

   

 If we or any of our subsidiaries were not to qualify for the exemption
under Section 883 of the Code, our or such subsidiary’s U.S.-source income would be subject to either the Net Tax Regime
or the 4% Regime (each as defined in “Item 1— Business— Taxation). As of the date of this filing, we believe
that NCLH and its subsidiaries will satisfy the publicly traded test imposed under Section 883 and therefore believe that NCLH
will qualify for the exemption under Section 883. However, as discussed above, there are factual circumstances beyond our control
that could cause NCLH to not meet the stock ownership or publically traded tests. Therefore, we can give no assurances on this
matter. We refer you to “Item 1—Business—Taxation.” 

   

 We may be subject to state, local and non-U.S. income or non-income
taxes in various jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business, own property or reside. We may be required to file
tax returns in some or all of those jurisdictions. Our state, local or non-U.S. tax treatment may not conform to the U.S. federal
income tax treatment discussed above. We may be required to pay non-U.S. taxes on dispositions of foreign property or operations
involving foreign property that may give rise to non-U.S. income or other tax liabilities in amounts that could be substantial. 

   

 The various tax regimes to which we are currently subject result
in a relatively low effective tax rate on our worldwide income. These tax regimes, however, are subject to change, possibly with
retroactive effect. For example, legislation has been proposed in the past that would eliminate the benefits of the exemption from
U.S. federal income tax under Section 883 of the Code and subject all or a portion of our shipping income to taxation in the United
States. Moreover, we may become subject to new tax regimes and may be unable to take advantage of favorable tax provisions afforded
by current or future law including exemption of branch profits and dividend withholding taxes under the U.S. – U.K. Income
Tax Treaty on income derived in respect of our U.S.–flagged operation. 

   

 We are subject to complex laws and regulations, including
environmental laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our operations and any changes in the current laws and regulations
could lead to increased costs or decreased revenue.  

   

 Some environmental groups have lobbied for more extensive oversight
of cruise ships and have generated negative publicity about the cruise industry and its environmental impact. Increasingly stringent
federal, state, local and international laws and regulations on environmental protection and health and safety of workers could
affect our operations. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the IMO (a United Nations agency with responsibility for the safety
and security of shipping and the prevention of marine pollution by ships), the Council of the European Union and individual states
are considering, as well as implementing, new laws and rules to manage cruise ship waste. In addition, many aspects of the cruise
industry are subject to governmental regulation by the U.S. Coast Guard as well as international treaties such as SOLAS, an international
safety regulation, MARPOL, an international environmental regulation, and STCW and its conventions in ship manning. International
regulations regarding ballast water and security levels are currently pending. 

   

 Additionally, the U.S. and various state and foreign government
and regulatory agencies have enacted or are considering new environmental regulations and policies, such as requiring the use of
low-sulfur fuels, increasing fuel efficiency requirements and further restricting emissions, including those of green-house gases.
Compliance with such laws and regulations may entail significant expenses for ship modification and changes in operating procedures
which could adversely impact our operations as well as our competitors’ operations. In 2006, Alaskan voters approved a ballot
measure requiring that cruise ships meet Alaska Water Quality Standards (“WQS”). Pursuant to the ballot measure, Alaska
approved stringent regulations and required a waste water discharge permit for cruise ships beginning in 2008. Legislation approved
in 2009 allowed the state to issue general permits that contain effluent limits or standards that are less stringent than the WQS
where the ship is using economically feasible methods of pollution prevention. In 2013, the state extended the permit program,
and allowed ship operators to apply for mixing zones in upcoming permits, an option that may ease compliance with certain WQS.
The International Labor Organization’s Maritime Labor Convention, 2006 went into force on August 20, 2013. The Convention
regulates many aspects of maritime crew labor and impacts the worldwide sourcing of new crew members. MARPOL regulations have established
special Emission Control Areas (“ECAs”) with stringent limitations on sulfur and nitrogen oxide emissions. Ships operating
in designated ECAs (which include the Baltic Sea, the North Sea/English Channel, and many of the waters within 200 nautical miles
of the U.S. and Canadian coasts including the Hawaiian Islands; waters surrounding Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands have
been included as of January 2014) are generally expected to meet the new emissions limits through the use of low-sulfur fuels. 

   

 These issues are, and we believe will continue to be, an area of
focus by the relevant authorities throughout the world. This could result in the enactment of more stringent regulation of cruise
ships that would subject us to increasing compliance costs in the future. 

   

 By virtue of our operations in the U.S., the FMC requires us to
maintain a third-party performance guarantee on our behalf in respect of liabilities for non-performance of transportation and
other obligations to guests. The FMC has proposed rules that would significantly increase the amount of our required guarantees
and accordingly our cost of compliance. There can be no assurance that such an increase in the amount of our guarantees, if required,
would be available to us. For additional discussion of the FMC’s proposed requirements, we refer you to “Item 1—Business—Regulatory
Issues.” 

   

 In 2007, the state of Alaska implemented taxes, some of which were
rolled back in 2010, which have impacted the cruise industry operating in Alaska. It is possible that other states, countries or
ports of call that our ships regularly visit may also decide to assess new 

   


 
     32 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 taxes or fees or change existing taxes or fees specifically applicable
to the cruise industry and its employees and/or guests, which could increase our operating costs and/or could decrease the demand
for cruises. 

   

 Risks Related to NCLH’s Ordinary Shares 

   

 We are a “controlled company” within the meaning
of the rules of NASDAQ and, as a result, rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements.  

   

 On January 18, 2013, NCLH listed its ordinary shares on the NASDAQ
Global Select Market and Genting HK, the Apollo Funds and the TPG Viking Funds, or their respective affiliates, together continue
to control a majority of its ordinary shares. As a result, we are a “controlled company” within the meaning of the
corporate governance standards of NASDAQ. Under the rules of NASDAQ, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held
by an individual, group or another company is a “controlled company” and may elect not to comply with certain corporate
governance requirements, including the requirement: 

   

 
 • that a majority of its Board of Directors consists of independent directors; 

   

 
 • that NCLH have a nominating/corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written
charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities; 

   

 
 • that NCLH have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing
the committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and 

   

 
 • for an annual performance evaluation of the nominating/corporate governance and compensation committees. 

   

 NCLH has utilized some of these exemptions. As a result, NCLH does
not have a majority of independent directors nor is NCLH required to have any independent directors on its nominating/corporate
governance and compensation committees, and NCLH is not required to have an annual performance evaluation of the nominating/corporate
governance and compensation committees. Accordingly, its shareholders do not have the same protections afforded to shareholders
of companies that are subject to a national securities exchange’s general corporate governance requirements (without giving
effect to the “controlled company” exemptions of NASDAQ). 

   

 NCLH is controlled by the Sponsors, who hold a significant
percentage of NCLH’s ordinary shares and whose interests may not be aligned with ours or that of our other security holders.
 

   

 The majority of NCLH’s voting ordinary shares are held by
affiliates of Genting HK, the Apollo Funds and the TPG Viking Funds. The shareholders’ agreement governing the relationship
among those parties gives the Apollo Funds effective control over our affairs and policies, subject to certain limitations. Genting
HK and the Apollo Funds also control the election of NCLH’s board of directors, the appointment of management, the entering
into of mergers, sales of substantially all of our assets and other material transactions. The directors appointed by Genting HK
and the Apollo Funds have the authority, on our behalf and subject to the terms of our debt agreements and the shareholders’
agreement, to issue additional ordinary shares, implement share repurchase programs, declare dividends, pay advisory fees and make
other decisions, and they may have an interest in our doing so. The interests of Genting HK, the Apollo Funds and other funds affiliated
with Apollo and the TPG Viking Funds could conflict with our interests and the interests of our other security holders in material
respects. 

   

 Furthermore, Genting HK engages in the cruise industry and leisure,
entertainment and hospitality activities and Apollo and TPG are in the business of managing investment funds which make investments
in companies, one or more of which has now and may from time to time hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly
with us, as well as businesses that represent major guests of our business. Investment funds managed by Genting HK, Apollo and/or
TPG may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities
may not be available to us. So long as NCLH’s Sponsors continue to control a significant amount of its outstanding voting
ordinary shares, such shareholders will continue to be able to strongly influence or effectively control our decisions. Additionally,
the concentration of ownership held by NCLH’s Sponsors could delay, defer or prevent a change of control of us or impede
a merger, takeover or other business combination. 

   

 Shareholders of NCLH may have greater difficulties in protecting
their interests than as shareholders of a U.S. corporation.  

   

 We are a Bermuda exempted company. The Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda
(the “Companies Act”), which applies to NCLH, differs in material respects from laws generally applicable to U.S. corporations
and their shareholders. Taken together with the provisions of NCLH’s bye-laws, some of these differences may result in you
having greater difficulties in protecting your interests as a shareholder of NCLH than you would have as a shareholder of a U.S.
corporation. This affects, among other things, the circumstances under which transactions involving an interested director are
voidable, whether an interested director can be held accountable for any benefit realized in a transaction with our Company, what
approvals are required for business combinations by our Company with a large shareholder or a wholly-owned subsidiary, what rights
you may have as a shareholder to enforce specified provisions of the Companies Act or NCLH’s bye-laws, and the circumstances
under which we may indemnify our directors and officers. 

   


 
     33 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 NCLH does not have current plans to pay dividends on its ordinary
shares.  

   

 NCLH does not currently intend to pay dividends to its shareholders
and NCLH’s Board of Directors may never declare a dividend. Our existing debt agreements restrict, and any of our future
debt arrangements may restrict, among other things, the ability of NCLH’s subsidiaries, including NCLC, to pay distributions
to NCLH and NCLH’s ability to pay cash dividends to its shareholders. In addition, any determination to pay dividends in
the future will be entirely at the discretion of NCLH’s Board of Directors and will depend upon our results of operations,
cash requirements, financial condition, business opportunities, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law
and other factors that NCLH’s Board of Directors deems relevant. We are not legally or contractually required to pay dividends.
In addition, NCLH is a holding company and would depend upon its subsidiaries for their ability to pay distributions to NCLH to
finance any dividend or pay any other obligations of NCLH. Investors seeking dividends should not purchase NCLH’s ordinary
shares. 

   

 Provisions in NCLH’s constitutional documents may prevent
or discourage takeovers and business combinations that NCLH’s shareholders might consider to be in their best interests.
 

   

 NCLH’s bye-laws contain provisions that may delay, defer,
prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that its shareholders consider to be in their best interests. As a result,
these provisions may prevent NCLH’s shareholders from receiving a premium to the market price of NCLH’s shares offered
by a bidder in a takeover context. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect
the prevailing market price of NCLH’s shares if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. These provisions
include (subject to the shareholders’ agreement): 

   

 
 • the ability of NCLH’s Board of Directors to designate one or more series of preference shares and issue preference shares
without shareholder approval; 

   

 
 • a classified board of directors; 

   

 
 • the sole power of a majority of NCLH’s Board of Directors to fix the number of directors; 

   

 
 • the power of NCLH’s Board of Directors to fill any vacancy on NCLH’s Board of Directors in most circumstances,
including when such vacancy occurs as a result of an increase in the number of directors or otherwise; and 

   

 
 • advance notice requirements for nominating directors or introducing other business to be conducted at shareholder meetings. 

   

 Additionally, NCLH’s bye-laws contain provisions that prevent
third parties, other than the Apollo Funds, the TPG Viking Funds and Genting HK, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than
4.9% of its outstanding shares without the consent of NCLH’s Board of Directors and provide for the lapse of rights, and
sale, of any shares acquired in excess of that limit. The effect of these provisions as well as the significant ownership of ordinary
shares by our Sponsors may preclude third parties from seeking to acquire a controlling interest in NCLH in transactions that shareholders
might consider to be in their best interests and may prevent them from receiving a premium above market price for their shares. 

   

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  

   

 Not applicable. 

   

 Item 2. Properties  

   

 Information about our cruise ships may be found under “—Our
Competitive Strengths—Diversified Cruise Operator with High-Quality Product Offerings” and “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources.” 

   

 Norwegian Cruise Line’s principal executive offices are located
in Miami, Florida where we lease approximately 228,000 square feet of facilities. In January 2015, we amended our lease to include
approximately 70,000 square feet of additional space.   Norwegian also leases approximately (i) 24,300 square feet of office
space in Sunrise, Florida for sales; (ii) 25,600 square feet of office space in Honolulu, Hawaii for administrative purposes; (iii)
9,600 square feet of office space in London, England for sales and marketing in the U.K. and Ireland; (iv) 11,000 square feet of office space in Wiesbaden,
Germany for sales and marketing in Europe; (v) 31,000 square feet of office space in Phoenix, Arizona for a call center and (vi)
46,000 square feet for entertainment theatrical production in Tampa, Florida . In addition, Norwegian owns a private island in
the Bahamas, Great Stirrup Cay, which we utilize as a port-of-call on some of our itineraries. In 2013, Norwegian purchased a future
cruise destination in Belize which will be introduced in 2015. 

   

 Prestige’s principal executive office is located in Miami,
Florida. Prestige is party to three real property leases: in Miami, Florida, where we lease approximately 77,500 square feet for
our executive office, in Omaha, Nebraska, where we lease approximately 17,600 square feet for our call center, and in Southampton,
England, where we lease approximately 6,100 square feet for our international office. We intend to sublease the current office
space for Prestige’s executive offices to a third-party. 

   


 
     34 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current needs,
and that we are capable of obtaining additional facilities as necessary. 

   

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings  

   

 In July 2009, a class action complaint was filed against NCL
(Bahamas) Ltd., in the United States District Court, Southern District of Florida, on behalf of a purported class of crew members
alleging inappropriate deductions of their wages pursuant to the Seaman’s Wage Act and wrongful termination resulting in
a loss of retirement benefits. In December 2010, the Court denied the plaintiffs’ Motion for Class Certification. In
February 2011, the plaintiffs filed a Motion for Reconsideration of the Court’s Order on Class Certification which was
denied. The Court tried six individual plaintiffs’ claims, and in September 2012 awarded wages aggregating approximately
$100,000 to such plaintiffs. In October 2013, the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit affirmed the Court’s
rulings as to the denial of class certification and the trial verdict. The plaintiffs filed a petition for a writ of certiorari
in the United States Supreme Court seeking review of the appellate court decision which was denied in March 2014. The matter was
ordered to mediation on October 2014. At that time, all outstanding claims brought on behalf of the known plaintiffs were resolved. 

   

 In May 2011, a class action complaint was filed against NCL
(Bahamas) Ltd., in the United States District Court, Southern District of Florida, on behalf of a purported class of crew members
alleging inappropriate deductions of their wages pursuant to the Seaman’s Wage Act and breach of contract. In July 2012,
this action was stayed by the Court pending the outcome of the litigation commenced with the class action complaint filed in July 2009.
The matter was resolved at the Court ordered mediation in conjunction with the matter described above. 

   

 In the normal course of our business, various other claims and lawsuits
have been filed or are pending against us. Most of these claims and lawsuits are covered by insurance and, accordingly, the maximum
amount of our liability is typically limited to our deductible amount. Nonetheless, the ultimate outcome of these claims and lawsuits
that are not covered by insurance cannot be determined at this time. We have evaluated our overall exposure with respect to all
of our threatened and pending litigation and, to the extent required, we have accrued amounts for all estimable probable losses
associated with our deemed exposure. We are currently unable to estimate any other potential contingent losses beyond those accrued,
as discovery is not complete nor is adequate information available to estimate such range of loss or potential recovery. We intend
to vigorously defend our legal position on all claims and, to the extent necessary, seek recovery. 

   

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

   

 None. 

   


 
     35 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 PART II  

   

 Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

   

 Market Information  

   

 NCLH’s ordinary shares have been listed on the NASDAQ Global
Select Market under the symbol “NCLH” since January 18, 2013. Prior to this time, there was no public market for
NCLH’s ordinary shares. The table below sets forth the high and low sales prices of our ordinary shares as reported by the
NASDAQ Global Select Market for the two most recent years by quarter: 

   

 2014   

 
 
         
     High     
     Low   
 
     Fourth Quarter   
     $ 48.16     
     $ 30.44   
 
     Third Quarter   
       38.05     
       31.38   
 
     Second Quarter   
       34.18     
       29.08   
 
     First Quarter   
       37.30     
       31.61   
 

   

 2013   

 
 
         
     High     
     Low   
 
     Fourth Quarter   
     $ 35.97     
     $ 28.57   
 
     Third Quarter   
       33.67     
       28.28   
 
     Second Quarter   
       32.93     
       28.00   
 
     First Quarter from January 18, 2013   
       31.91     
       19.00   
 

   

 Holders  

   

 As of February 20, 2015 there were 321 record holders of NCLH’s
ordinary shares. Since certain of NCLH’s ordinary shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of shareholders,
the foregoing number is not representative of the number of beneficial owners. 

   

 Dividends  

   

 We intend to retain all currently available funds and as much as
necessary of future earnings in order to fund the continued development and growth of our business. Our debt agreements also impose
restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay distributions to NCLH and NCLH’s ability to pay dividends to its shareholders.
Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our results
of operations, financial condition, restrictions imposed by applicable law and our financing agreements and other factors that
our Board of Directors deem relevant. 

   

 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 

   

 On April 29, 2014, NCLH’s Board of Directors authorized, and
NCLH announced, a three-year share repurchase program for up to $500.0 million. NCLH may make repurchases in the open market, in
privately negotiated transactions, in accelerated repurchase programs or in structured share repurchase programs, and any repurchases
may be made pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans. There was no share repurchase activity during the three months ended December 31, 2014. 

   


 
     36 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Stock Performance Graph  

   

 This performance graph shall not be deemed “soliciting
material” or to be “filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of NCLH under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act . 
 

   

 The following graph shows a comparison (from January 18, 2013,
the date our ordinary shares commenced trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, through December 31, 2014) of the cumulative
total return for our ordinary shares, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Composite Stock Index and the Dow Jones United States
Travel and Leisure index. The Stock Performance Graph assumes for comparison that the value of our ordinary shares and of each
index was $100 prior to the commencement of trading on January 18, 2013. Past performance is not necessarily an indicator
of future results. The stock prices used were as of the close of business on the respective dates. 

   

   

   


 
     37 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Item 6. Selected Financial Data  

   

 Prior to the year ended December 31, 2013, the financial statements
are those of NCLC and they should be read in conjunction with those financial statements and the related notes as well as with
“Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” We
have retrospectively applied the exchange of ordinary shares due to the Corporate Reorganization as the effect is substantially
the same as a stock split. The Corporate Reorganization is reflected in NCLH’s financial statements for the first time in
the quarter ended March 31, 2013. In addition, the prior comparative periods will be the activity of NCLC during such periods. 

   

 As of and for the year ended December 31, 2014, includes the financial
results of Prestige commencing on November 19, 2014, the date the Acquisition of Prestige was consummated (we refer you to the
Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements Note—4 “The Acquisition of Prestige”). 

   

 
 
         
     As of or for the Year Ended
    December 31,   
 
     (in thousands, except share
    data, per  share data and operating data)   
     2014     
     2013     
     2012     
     2011     
     2010   
 
     Statement of operations data:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Total revenue   
     $ 3,125,881     
     $ 2,570,294     
     $ 2,276,246     
     $ 2,219,324     
     $ 2,012,128   
 
     Operating income   
     $ 502,941     
     $ 395,887     
     $ 357,093     
     $ 316,112     
     $ 230,609   
 
     Net income (1)   
     $ 342,601     
     $ 102,886     
     $ 168,556     
     $ 126,859     
     $ 22,986   
 
     Net income attributable to non-controlling interest   
     $ 4,249     
     $ 1,172     
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ —   
 
     Net income attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. (1)   
     $ 338,352     
     $ 101,714     
     $ 168,556     
     $ 126,859     
     $ 22,986   
 
     EPS:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
     $ 1.64     
     $ 0.50     
     $ 0.95     
     $ 0.71     
     $ 0.13   
 
     Diluted   
     $ 1.62     
     $ 0.49     
     $ 0.94     
     $ 0.71     
     $ 0.13   
 
     Weighted-average shares outstanding:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
       206,524,968     
       202,993,839     
       178,232,850     
       177,869,461     
       177,563,047   
 
     Diluted   
       212,017,784     
       209,239,484     
       179,023,683     
       178,859,720     
       178,461,210   
 
     Balance sheet data:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Total assets   
     $ 11,573,077     
     $ 6,650,978     
     $ 5,938,427     
     $ 5,562,411     
     $ 5,572,371   
 
     Property and equipment, net   
     $ 8,623,773     
     $ 5,647,670     
     $ 4,960,142     
     $ 4,640,093     
     $ 4,639,281   
 
     Long-term debt, including current portion   
     $ 6,184,104     
     $ 3,127,789     
     $ 2,985,353     
     $ 3,038,081     
     $ 3,204,085   
 
     Total shareholders’ equity   
     $ 3,518,813     
     $ 2,631,266     
     $ 2,018,784     
     $ 1,844,463     
     $ 1,740,526   
 
     Operating data:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Passengers carried   
       2,133,981     
       1,628,278     
       1,503,107     
       1,530,113     
       1,404,137   
 
     Passenger Cruise Days   
       13,634,200     
       11,400,906     
       10,332,914     
       10,227,438     
       9,559,049   
 
     Capacity Days   
       12,512,459     
       10,446,216     
       9,602,730     
       9,454,570     
       8,790,980   
 
     Occupancy Percentage   
       109.0 %   
       109.1 %   
       107.6 %   
       108.2 %   
       108.7 % 
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) In 2014, includes $138.0 million of expenses primarily associated
                                         with the Acquisition of Prestige (we refer you to our reconciliation of Net income
                                         to Adjusted Net Income in “Results of Operations” below). In 2013, includes
                                         $160.6 million of expenses associated with debt prepayments. In 2010, includes a loss
                                         of $33.1 million primarily due to losses on foreign exchange contracts associated with
                                         the financing of Norwegian Epic. 

   


 
     38 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Item 7. Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

   

 Financial Presentation  

   

 Revenue from our cruise and cruise-related activities are categorized
by us as “passenger ticket revenue” and “onboard and other revenue.” Passenger ticket revenue and onboard
and other revenue vary according to product offering, the size of the ship in operation, the length of cruises operated and the
markets in which the ship operates. Our revenue is seasonal based on demand for cruises, which has historically been strongest
during the summer months. 

   

 Passenger ticket revenue primarily consists of revenue for accommodations,
meals in certain restaurants on the ship, certain onboard entertainment, and includes revenue for service charges and air and land
transportation to and from the ship to the extent guests purchase these items from us. Onboard and other revenue primarily consists
of revenue from gaming, beverage sales, shore excursions, specialty dining, retail sales, spa services, photo services as well
as Charter revenue. We record onboard revenue from onboard activities we perform directly or that are performed by independent
concessionaires, from which we receive a share of their revenue. 

   

 Our cruise operating expense is classified as follows: 

   

 
 • Commissions, transportation and other primarily consists of direct costs associated with passenger ticket revenue. These costs
include travel agent commissions, air and land transportation expenses, related credit card fees, costs associated with service
charges, certain port expenses and the costs associated with shore excursions and hotel accomodations included as part of the overall
cruise purchase price. 

   

 
 • Onboard and other primarily consists of direct costs that are incurred in connection with onboard and other revenue. These
include costs incurred in connection with shore excursions, beverage sales and gaming. 

   

 
 • Payroll and related consists of the cost of wages and benefits for shipboard employees and costs for a third party that provides
crew and other services for certain of our ships. 

   

 
 • Fuel includes fuel costs, the impact of certain fuel hedges and fuel delivery costs. 

   

 
 • Food consists of food costs for passengers and crew. 

   

 
 • Other consists of repairs and maintenance (including Dry-dock costs), ship insurance, Charter costs and other ship expenses. 

   

 Critical Accounting Policies  

   

 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our
consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the periods presented. We rely on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances to make these estimates and
judgments. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. We believe that the following critical accounting policies
reflect the significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. These critical
accounting policies, which are presented in detail in our notes to our audited consolidated financial statements, relate to ship
accounting, asset impairment and contingencies. 

   

 Ship Accounting  

   

 Ships represent our most significant assets, and we record them
at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of ships is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated service lives
of primarily 30 years after a 15% reduction for the estimated residual value of the ship. Improvement costs that we believe add
value to our ships are capitalized to the ship and depreciated over the improvements’ estimated useful lives. Repairs and
maintenance activities are charged to expense as incurred. We account for Dry-dock costs under the direct expense method which
requires us to expense all Dry-dock costs as incurred. 

   

 We determine the useful life of our ships based primarily on our
estimates of the average useful life of the ships’ major component systems, such as cabins, main diesels, main electric,
superstructure and hull. In addition, we consider the impact of anticipated changes in the vacation market and technological conditions
and historical useful lives of similarly-built ships. Given the large and complex nature of our ships, our accounting estimates
related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require considerable judgment and are inherently
uncertain. Should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimate of ship service lives or projected residual
values, depreciation expense could be materially lower or higher. If circumstances cause us to change our assumptions in making
determinations as to whether ship improvements should be capitalized, the amounts we expense each year as repairs and maintenance
costs could increase, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. If we reduced our estimated average 30-year ship
service life by one year, depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2014 would have 

   


 
     39 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 increased by $7.3 million. In addition, if our ships were estimated
to have no residual value, depreciation expense for the same period would have increased by $36.5 million. We believe our estimates
for ship accounting are reasonable and our methods are consistently applied. We believe that depreciation expense is based on a
rational and systematic method to allocate our ships’ costs to the periods that benefit from the ships’ usage. 

   

 Asset Impairment  

   

 We review our long-lived assets, principally ships, for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Assets are grouped
and evaluated at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of
other groups of assets. We consider historical performance and future estimated results in our evaluation of potential impairment
and then compare the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset.
If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated expected undiscounted future cash flows, we measure the amount of the
impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its fair value. We estimate fair value based on the best information
available making whatever estimates, judgments and projections considered necessary. The estimation of fair value is generally
measured by discounting expected future cash flows at discount rates commensurate with the risk involved. 

   

 Goodwill and other indefinite-lived assets, principally tradenames,
are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or earlier if there is an event or change in circumstances that would indicate that
the carrying value of these assets could not be fully recovered. 

   

 We believe our estimates and judgments with respect to our long-lived
assets, principally ships, and goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are reasonable. Nonetheless, if there was
a material change in assumptions used in the determination of such fair values or if there is a material change in the conditions
or circumstances that influence such assets, we could be required to record an impairment charge. As of December 31, 2014,
our annual review supports the carrying value of these assets. 

   

 Contingencies  

   

 Periodically, we assess potential liabilities related to any lawsuits
or claims brought against us or any asserted claims, including tax, legal and/or environmental matters. Although it is typically
very difficult to determine the timing and ultimate outcome of such actions, we use our best judgment to determine if it is probable
that we will incur an expense related to the settlement or final adjudication of such matters and whether a reasonable estimation
of such probable loss, if any, can be made. In assessing probable losses, we take into consideration estimates of the amount of
insurance recoveries, if any. In accordance with the guidance on accounting for contingencies, we accrue a liability when we believe
a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Due to the inherent uncertainties related to the eventual
outcome of litigation and potential insurance recoveries, although we believe that our estimates and judgments are reasonable,
it is possible that certain matters may be resolved for amounts materially different from any estimated provisions or previous
disclosures. 

   

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures  

   

 We use certain non-GAAP financial measures, such as Net Revenue,
Adjusted Net Revenue, Net Yield, Adjusted Net Yield, Net Cruise Cost, Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel, Adjusted EBITDA,
Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS, to enable us to analyze our performance. See “Terms Used in this Annual Report”
for the definition of these non-GAAP financial measures. We utilize Net Revenue and Net Yield to manage our business on a day-to-day
basis and believe that they are the most relevant measures of our revenue performance because they reflect the revenue earned by
us net of significant variable costs. In measuring our ability to control costs in a manner that positively impacts net income,
we believe changes in Net Cruise Cost and Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel to be the most relevant indicators of our performance. 

   

 As our business includes the sourcing of passengers and deployment
of vessels outside of North America, a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly
euro and British Pound sterling, which are subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates versus our reporting currency, the
U.S. dollar. In order to monitor results excluding these fluctuations, we calculate certain non-GAAP measures on a Constant Currency
basis whereby current period revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are converted to U.S. dollars using currency
exchange rates of the comparable period. We believe that presenting these non-GAAP measures on both a reported and Constant Currency
basis is useful in providing a more comprehensive view of trends in our business. 

   

 We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is appropriate as a supplemental
financial measure as it is used by management to assess operating performance. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a useful measure
in determining the Company’s performance as it reflects certain operating drivers of the Company’s business, such as
sales growth, operating costs, marketing, general and administrative expense and other operating income and expense. Adjusted EBITDA
is not a defined term under GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of liquidity or cash flows from operations or
a measure comparable to net income as it does not take into account certain requirements such as capital expenditures and related
depreciation, principal and interest payments and tax payments and it includes other supplemental adjustments. 

   


 
     40 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 In addition, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS are non-GAAP financial
measures that exclude certain charges and are used to supplement GAAP net income and EPS. We use Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted
EPS as key performance measures of our earnings performance, and we believe that both management and investors benefit from referring
to these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting, and analyzing future periods.
These non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate management’s internal comparison to our historical performance. The charges
excluded in the presentation of Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS may vary from period to period; accordingly, our presentation
of Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS may not be indicative of future adjustments or results. 

   

 You are encouraged to evaluate each adjustment used in calculating
our non-GAAP financial measures and the reasons we consider our non-GAAP financial measures appropriate for supplemental analysis.
In evaluating our non-GAAP financial measures, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses similar to the adjustments
in our presentation. Our non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider these measures
in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Our presentation of our non-GAAP financial
measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items.
Our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to other companies. Please see a historical reconciliation of these measures
to the most comparable GAAP measure presented in our consolidated financial statements below in the “Results of Operations”
section. 

   

 Summary of Significant 2014 Events 

   

 
 · In January, we took delivery of Norwegian Getaway. 

   

 
 · In March, we completed a Secondary Equity Offering resulting in the sale of 15,000,000 ordinary shares of NCLH by the Selling
Shareholders. 

   

 
 · In April, NCLH’s Board of Directors authorized, and NCLH announced, a three-year share repurchase program for up to $500.0
million. 

   

 
 · In July, we entered into agreements with Meyer Werft for two additional Breakaway Plus Class Ships for delivery in the
spring of 2018 and the fall of 2019. 

   

 
 · In September, NCLH entered into the Merger Agreement to acquire Prestige.  

   

 
 · In November, we completed the Acquisition of Prestige. 

   

 
 · In November, we purchased a ship from a third party to join the Oceania fleet which will be named Sirena. After its current
Charter ends in March 2016, we will extensively refurbish the ship to Oceania standards and it will be a sister ship to the R-class
ships. 

   

 
 · In December,
                                         an incident onboard Oceania’s Insignia resulted in the cancellation of certain
                                         voyages. Repairs on the ship are on schedule for a return to service in March 2015. This
                                         resulted in a reduction to diluted EPS for the full year 2014 of $0.02. 

   

 The Acquisition of Prestige is expected to positively impact passenger
ticket revenue and, to a lesser extent, onboard and other revenue from the addition of Prestige’s eight ships which command
premium pricing as a result of their upper premium and luxury product offerings. 

   

 Executive Overview  

   

 Total revenue increased 21.6% to $3.1 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2014 compared to $2.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013. Net Revenue for the year ended December 31,
2014 increased 25.0% to $2.4 billion from $1.9 billion in the same period in 2013 with an improvement in both Net Yield of 4.3%
and Capacity Days of 19.8%. 

   

 For the year ended December 31, 2014, we had net income attributable
to NCLH and diluted EPS of $338.4 million and $1.62, respectively. Operating income increased 27.0% to $502.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 2014 from $395.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. 

   

 We had Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS of $480.6 million and
$2.27, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2014, which includes $138.0 million of adjustments primarily consisting of
$57.5 million of expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige, $28.3 million of expenses related to non-cash compensation,
$15.4 million of expenses related to financing transactions in conjunction with the Acquisition of Prestige, $13.0 million related
to the fair value adjustment of deferred revenue and $12.6 million related to the amortization of intangible assets. A
35.6% improvement in Adjusted EBITDA was achieved for the same period primarily due to the increase in net income. We refer
you to our “Results of Operations” below for a calculation of Net Revenue, Net Yield, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted
EPS and Adjusted EBITDA. 

   


 
     41 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Results of Operations  

   

 We reported total revenue, total cruise operating expense, operating
income and net income as follows (in thousands, except per share data): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Total revenue   
     $ 3,125,881     
     $ 2,570,294     
     $ 2,276,246   
 
     Total cruise operating expense   
     $ 1,946,624     
     $ 1,657,659     
     $ 1,478,433   
 
     Operating income   
     $ 502,941     
     $ 395,887     
     $ 357,093   
 
     Net income attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
     $ 338,352     
     $ 101,714     
     $ 168,556   
 
     EPS:   
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
     $ 1.64     
     $ 0.50     
     $ 0.95   
 
     Diluted   
     $ 1.62     
     $ 0.49     
     $ 0.94   
 

   

 The following table sets forth operating data as a percentage of
total revenue: 

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Revenue   
             
             
           
 
     Passenger ticket   
       70.8 %   
       70.6 %   
       70.5 % 
 
     Onboard and other   
       29.2 %   
       29.4 %   
       29.5 % 
 
     Total revenue   
       100.0 %   
       100.0 %   
       100.0 % 
 
     Cruise operating expense   
             
             
           
 
     Commissions, transportation and other   
       16.1 %   
       17.7 %   
       18.0 % 
 
     Onboard and other   
       7.2 %   
       7.6 %   
       7.7 % 
 
     Payroll and related   
       14.5 %   
       13.3 %   
       12.9 % 
 
     Fuel   
       10.4 %   
       11.8 %   
       12.5 % 
 
     Food   
       5.4 %   
       5.3 %   
       5.5 % 
 
     Other   
       8.7 %   
       8.8 %   
       8.4 % 
 
     Total cruise operating expense   
       62.3 %   
       64.5 %   
       65.0 % 
 
     Other operating expense   
             
             
           
 
     Marketing, general and administrative   
       12.9 %   
       11.7 %   
       11.0 % 
 
     Depreciation and amortization   
       8.7 %   
       8.4 %   
       8.3 % 
 
     Total other operating expense   
       21.6 %   
       20.1 %   
       19.3 % 
 
     Operating income   
       16.1 %   
       15.4 %   
       15.7 % 
 
     Non-operating income (expense)   
             
             
           
 
     Interest expense, net   
       (4.9 )%   
       (11.0 )%   
       (8.3 )% 
 
     Other income (expense)   
       (0.3 )%   
       0.1 %   
       — % 
 
     Total non-operating income (expense)   
       (5.2 )%   
       (10.9 )%   
       (8.3 )% 
 
     Net income before income taxes   
       10.9 %   
       4.5 %   
       7.4 % 
 
     Income tax benefit (expense)   
       0.1 %   
       (0.5 )%   
       — % 
 
     Net income   
       11.0 %   
       4.0 %   
       7.4 % 
 
     Net income attributable to non-controlling interest   
       0.1 %   
       — %   
       — % 
 
     Net income attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
       10.9 %   
       4.0 %   
       7.4 % 
 

   


 
     42 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Due to the abbreviated period of consolidation of Prestige’s
results, certain metrics are presented both on an as reported basis and a basis excluding the results of Prestige (“Norwegian
Stand-alone”). 

   

 The
following table sets forth selected statistical information: 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
         
     As
    Reported     
     Norwegian 
    Stand-alone     
     As
    Reported     
     As
    Reported   
 
     Passengers carried   
       2,133,981     
       2,118,438     
       1,628,278     
       1,503,107   
 
     Passenger Cruise Days   
       13,634,200     
       13,403,000     
       11,400,906     
       10,332,914   
 
     Capacity Days   
       12,512,459     
       12,252,155     
       10,446,216     
       9,602,730   
 
     Occupancy Percentage   
       109.0 %   
       109.4 %   
       109.1 %   
       107.6 % 
 

   

 Net Revenue, Adjusted Net Revenue, Gross Yield, Net Yield and Adjusted
Net Yield were calculated as follows (in thousands, except Capacity Days and Yield data): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2013     
     2012   
 
         
     As
    Reported     
     Norwegian 
    Stand-alone     
     Norwegian
     Stand-alone  Constant Currency     
     As
    Reported     
     As
    Reported  Constant Currency     
     As
    Reported   
 
     Passenger
    ticket revenue   
     $ 2,212,547     
     $ 2,116,004     
     $ 2,117,499     
     $ 1,815,869     
     $ 1,814,397     
     $ 1,604,563   
 
     Onboard and other revenue   
       913,334     
       898,182     
       898,528     
       754,425     
       754,425     
       671,683   
 
     Total revenue   
       3,125,881     
       3,014,186     
       3,016,027     
       2,570,294     
       2,568,822     
       2,276,246   
 
     Less:   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Commissions, transportation
    and other expense   
       503,722     
       471,981     
       474,466     
       455,816     
       455,286     
       410,531   
 
     Onboard and other expense   
       224,000     
       218,033     
       218,379     
       195,526     
       195,526     
       173,916   
 
     Net Revenue   
       2,398,159     
       2,324,172     
       2,323,182     
       1,918,952     
       1,918,010     
       1,691,799   
 
     Non-GAAP Adjustment:   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Deferred revenue (1)   
       10,052     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Adjusted Net Revenue   
     $ 2,408,211     
     $ 2,324,172     
     $ 2,323,182     
     $ 1,918,952     
     $ 1,918,010     
     $ 1,691,799   
 
     Capacity Days   
       12,512,459     
       12,252,155     
       12,252,155     
       10,446,216     
       10,446,216     
       9,602,730   
 
     Gross Yield   
     $ 249.82     
     $ 246.01     
     $ 246.16     
     $ 246.05     
     $ 245.91     
     $ 237.04   
 
     Net Yield   
     $ 191.66     
     $ 189.69     
     $ 189.61     
     $ 183.70     
     $ 183.61     
     $ 176.18   
 
     Adjusted Net Yield   
     $ 192.47     
     $ 189.69     
     $ 189.61     
     $ 183.70     
     $ 183.61     
     $ 176.18   
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) Reflects deferred revenue fair value adjustments totaling $10.1 million related to the Acquisition of Prestige that were made
pursuant to business combination accounting rules. 

   


 
     43 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Gross Cruise Cost, Net Cruise Cost, Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel
and Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel were calculated as follows (in thousands, except Capacity Days and per Capacity Day
data): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2013     
     2012   
 
         
     As
    Reported     
     Norwegian 
    Stand-alone     
     Norwegian
     Stand-alone  Constant Currency     
     As
    Reported     
     As
    Reported  Constant Currency     
     As
    Reported   
 
     Total cruise
    operating expense   
     $ 1,946,624     
     $ 1,863,781     
     $ 1,864,814     
     $ 1,657,659     
     $ 1,655,971     
     $ 1,478,433   
 
     Marketing, general and
    administrative expense   
       403,169     
       374,630     
       374,080     
       301,155     
       300,719     
       251,183   
 
     Gross Cruise Cost   
       2,349,793     
       2,238,411     
       2,238,894     
       1,958,814     
       1,956,690     
       1,729,616   
 
     Less:   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Commissions, transportation
    and other expense   
       503,722     
       471,981     
       474,466     
       455,816     
       455,286     
       410,531   
 
     Onboard and other expense   
       224,000     
       218,033     
       218,379     
       195,526     
       195,526     
       173,916   
 
     Net Cruise Cost   
       1,622,071     
       1,548,397     
       1,546,049     
       1,307,472     
       1,305,878     
       1,145,169   
 
     Less: Fuel expense   
       326,231     
       315,345     
       315,345     
       303,439     
       303,439     
       283,678   
 
     Net Cruise Cost Excluding
    Fuel   
       1,295,840     
       1,233,052     
       1,230,704     
       1,004,033     
       1,002,439     
       861,491   
 
     Less Non-GAAP Adjustments:   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Non-cash share-based compensation related to
    the IPO (1)   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       18,527     
       18,527     
       —   
 
     Non-cash compensation payroll and related (2)   
       7,693     
       7,693     
       7,693     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Non-cash share-based compensation (3)   
       20,627     
       20,627     
       20,627     
       8,898     
       8,898     
       —   
 
     Secondary Equity Offerings’ expenses (4)   
       2,075     
       2,075     
       2,075     
       2,251     
       2,251     
       —   
 
     Acquisition expenses (5)   
       57,513     
       48,566     
       48,566     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Other (6)   
       3,804     
       3,804     
       3,804     
       3,373     
       3,373     
       —   
 
     Adjusted Net Cruise Cost
    Excluding Fuel   
     $ 1,204,128     
     $ 1,150,287     
     $ 1,147,939     
     $ 970,984     
     $ 969,390     
     $ 861,491   
 
     Capacity Days   
       12,512,459     
       12,252,155     
       12,252,155     
       10,446,216     
       10,446,216     
       9,602,730   
 
     Gross Cruise Cost per
    Capacity Day   
     $ 187.80     
     $ 182.70     
     $ 182.73     
     $ 187.51     
     $ 187.31     
     $ 180.12   
 
     Net Cruise Cost per Capacity
    Day   
     $ 129.64     
     $ 126.38     
     $ 126.19     
     $ 125.16     
     $ 125.01     
     $ 119.25   
 
     Net Cruise Cost Excluding
    Fuel per Capacity Day   
     $ 103.56     
     $ 100.64     
     $ 100.45     
     $ 96.11     
     $ 95.96     
     $ 89.71   
 
     Adjusted Net Cruise Cost
    Excluding Fuel per Capacity Day   
     $ 96.23     
     $ 93.88     
     $ 93.69     
     $ 92.95     
     $ 92.80     
     $ 89.71   
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) Non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to the IPO, which are included in Marketing, general and administrative
expense. 

 
 (2) Non-cash compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan, which are included in Payroll and related expense. 

 
 (3) Non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to equity grants, which are included in Marketing, general and administrative
expense. 

 
 (4) Expenses related to the Secondary Equity Offerings, which are included in Marketing, general and administrative expense. 

 
 (5) Expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige, including legal, accounting and consulting services, as well as integration
and severance costs, which are included in Marketing, general and administrative expense. 

 
 (6) Primarily expenses related to the Corporate Reorganization and the settlement of a 2007 breach of contract claim, which are
included in Marketing, general and administrative expense. 

   


 
     44 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS were calculated as follows
(in thousands, except share and per share data): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
         
     As
    Reported     
     Norwegian
     Stand-alone     
     As
    Reported     
     As
    Reported   
 
     Net income attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
     $ 338,352     
     $ 369,724     
     $ 101,714     
     $ 168,556   
 
     Net income attributable to non-controlling interest   
       4,249     
       4,249     
       1,172     
       —   
 
     Net income   
       342,601     
       373,973     
       102,886     
       168,556   
 
     Non-GAAP Adjustments:   
             
             
             
           
 
     Non-cash share-based compensation related to the IPO (1)   
       —     
       —     
       18,527     
       4,500   
 
     Non-cash compensation payroll and related (2)   
       7,693     
       7,693     
       —     
       —   
 
     Non-cash share-based compensation (3)   
       20,627     
       20,627     
       9,408     
       —   
 
     Taxes related to changes in corporate structure
    (4)   
       5,247     
       5,247     
       (5 )   
       —   
 
     Secondary Equity Offerings’ expenses (5)   
       2,075     
       2,075     
       2,251     
       —   
 
     Debt related expenses (6)   
       15,397     
       23,762     
       160,573     
       —   
 
     Acquisition expenses (7)   
       57,513     
       48,566     
       —     
       —   
 
     Deferred revenue (8)   
       13,004     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Amortization of intangible assets (9)   
       12,600     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Other (10)   
       3,804     
       3,804     
       2,150     
       —   
 
     Adjusted Net Income   
     $ 480,561     
     $ 485,747     
     $ 295,790     
     $ 173,056   
 
     Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding   
       212,017,784     
       209,684,848     
       209,239,484     
       179,023,683   
 
     Diluted EPS   
     $ 1.62     
     $ 1.78     
     $ 0.49     
     $ 0.94   
 
     Adjusted EPS   
     $ 2.27     
     $ 2.32     
     $ 1.41     
     $ 0.97   
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) Non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to the IPO, which are included in Marketing, general and administrative
expense. 

 
 (2) Non-cash compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan, which are included in Payroll and related expense. 

 
 (3) Non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to equity grants, which are included in Marketing, general and administrative
expense. 

 
 (4) Taxes related to the Corporate Reorganization, which are included in Income tax benefit (expense). 

 
 (5) Expenses related to the Secondary Equity Offerings, which are included in Marketing, general and administrative expense. 

 
 (6) Write-off of deferred financing fees, premiums paid and other
                                         expenses related to prepayments of debt, which are included in Interest expense,
                                         net. 

 
 (7) Expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige, including legal, accounting and consulting services, as well as integration
and severance costs, which are included in Marketing, general and administrative expense. 

 
 (8) Deferred revenue fair value adjustments related to the Acquisition of Prestige that were made pursuant to business combination
accounting rules, which are primarily included in Net Revenue. 

 
 (9) Amortization of intangible assets related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which are included in Depreciation and amortization
expense. 

 
 (10) Primarily expenses related to the Corporate Reorganization and the settlement of a 2007 breach of contract claim, which are
included in Marketing, general and administrative expense. 

   


 
     45 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA was calculated as follows (in thousands): 

 

 
 
         
     Year Ended
    December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
         
     As
    Reported     
     Norwegian
      Stand-alone     
     As Reported     
     As
    Reported   
 
     Net income attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
     $ 338,352     
     $ 369,724     
     $ 101,714     
     $ 168,556   
 
     Interest expense, net   
       151,754     
       150,871     
       282,602     
       189,930   
 
     Income tax expense (benefit)   
       (2,267 )   
       (2,279 )   
       11,802     
       706   
 
     Depreciation and amortization expense   
       273,147     
       253,153     
       215,593     
       189,537   
 
     EBITDA   
       760,986     
       771,469     
       611,711     
       548,729   
 
     Net income attributable to non-controlling interest   
       4,249     
       4,249     
       1,172     
       —   
 
     Other (income) expense   
       10,853     
       57     
       (1,403 )   
       (2,099 ) 
 
     Non-cash share-based compensation related to the IPO (1)   
       —     
       —     
       18,527     
       —   
 
     Non-cash compensation payroll and related (2)   
       7,693     
       7,693     
       —     
       —   
 
     Non-cash share-based compensation (3)   
       20,627     
       20,627     
       11,623     
       9,004   
 
     Secondary Equity Offerings’ expenses (4)   
       2,075     
       2,075     
       2,251     
       —   
 
     Acquisition expenses (5)   
       57,513     
       48,566     
       —     
       —   
 
     Deferred revenue (6)   
       10,052     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Other (7)   
       3,804     
       3,804     
       3,314     
       —   
 
     Adjusted EBITDA   
     $ 877,852     
     $ 858,540     
     $ 647,195     
     $ 555,634   
 

   

   

 
 (1) Non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to the IPO, which are included in Marketing, general and administrative
expense. 

 
 (2) Non-cash compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan, which are included in Payroll and related expense. 

 
 (3) Non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to equity grants, which are included in Marketing, general and administrative
expense. 

 
 (4) Expenses related to the Secondary Equity Offerings, which are included in Marketing, general and administrative expense. 

 
 (5) Expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige, including legal, accounting and consulting services, as well as integration
and severance costs, which are included in Marketing, general and administrative expense. 

 
 (6) Deferred revenue fair value adjustments related to the Acquisition of Prestige that were made pursuant to business combination
accounting rules, which are included in Net Revenue. 

 
 (7) Primarily expenses related to the Corporate Reorganization and the settlement of a 2007 breach of contract claim, which are
included in Marketing, general and administrative expense. 

   

 Year Ended December 31, 2014 (“2014”) Compared
to Year Ended December 31, 2013 (“2013”)  

   

 Revenue  

   

 Total revenue increased 21.6% to $3.1 billion in 2014 compared to
$2.6 billion in 2013. Net Revenue increased 25.0% in 2014, primarily due to an increase in Capacity Days of 19.8%. The increase
in Capacity Days was primarily due to the delivery of Norwegian Breakaway in April 2013 and Norwegian Getaway in January
2014. The Net Yield improvement of 4.3% was due to higher net ticket and net onboard and other revenue. Adjusted Net Revenue excludes
a deferred revenue fair value adjustment of $10.1 million related to the Acquisition of Prestige. The improvement in Adjusted Net
Yield was primarily the result of a 3.3% increase in Norwegian Stand-alone Net Yield (3.2% on a Constant Currency basis) and partially
due to the addition of Prestige’s brands to the fleet. 

   

 Expense  

   

 Total cruise operating expense increased 17.4% in 2014 compared
to 2013 primarily due to the increase in Capacity Days as discussed above. Total other operating expense increased 30.9% in 2014
compared to 2013 primarily due to transaction expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige and certain inaugural and launch-related
costs for Norwegian Getaway and an increase in depreciation and amortization expense related to the addition of Norwegian Breakaway
and Norwegian Getaway. On a Capacity Day basis, Net Cruise Cost increased 3.6% due to the increase in expenses explained above
partially offset by a decrease in fuel expense. The fuel price per metric ton, excluding the impact of hedges was $605 in 2014
compared to $686 in 2013. We experienced a negative impact in 2014 of $10.3 million on our hedge portfolio due to recent reductions
in fuel prices compared to a benefit of $4.7 million in 2013. Net of hedges, fuel price per metric ton decreased to $625 in 2014
compared to $675 in 2013. The Company’s fuel consumption per capacity day decreased 3.1%. On a Capacity Day basis, Net Cruise
Cost Excluding Fuel increased 7.8% primarily due to costs related to the Acquisition of Prestige and certain general and administrative
costs and Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel per Capacity Day 

   


 
     46 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 increased 3.5%. Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel was relatively
unchanged on a Norwegian Stand-alone Constant Currency basis. 

   

 Interest expense, net decreased to $151.8 million in 2014 from $282.6
million in 2013. Interest expense, net for 2014 reflected an increase in average debt outstanding associated with newbuild financings
and debt incurred in connection with the acquisition of Prestige, partially offset by lower interest rates from the benefits from
the redemption of higher rate debt and refinancing transactions. In addition, 2014 reflects $15.4 million of expenses related to
financing transactions in conjunction with the Acquisition of Prestige while 2013 reflects $160.6 million of expenses associated
with debt prepayments. 

   

 In 2014 we had an income tax benefit of $2.3 million compared
to an income tax expense of $11.8 million for 2013. During the fourth quarter of 2013, we completed the implementation of a global
tax platform, which had a favorable impact on the amount of income subject to U.S. corporate tax. This favorable impact continued
through calendar year 2014. In addition, during the first quarter of 2014, we received information which allowed us to elect a
tax method to calculate deductible interest expense which resulted in a tax benefit of $11.1 million including a $5.3 million
non-recurring benefit. 

   

 Year Ended December 31, 2013 (“2013”) Compared
to Year Ended December 31, 2012 (“2012”)  

   

 Revenue  

   

 Total revenue increased 12.9% to $2.6 billion in 2013 compared to
$2.3 billion in 2012. Net Revenue increased 13.4% in 2013, primarily due to an increase in Capacity Days of 8.8% related to the
delivery of Norwegian Breakaway and an increase in Net Yield of 4.3%. The increase in Net Yield was due to an increase in passenger
ticket pricing and higher onboard and other revenue, partially due to the introduction of Norwegian Breakaway to the fleet. On
a Constant Currency basis, Net Yield increased 4.2% in 2013 compared to 2012. 

   

 Expense  

   

 Total cruise operating expense increased 12.1% in 2013 compared
to 2012 primarily due to an increase in Capacity Days, expenses related to planned Dry-docks and fuel expense, partially offset
by the timing of certain expenses. The increase in fuel expense was primarily the result of a 1.7% increase in the average fuel
price to $675 per metric ton in 2013 from $664 in 2012. Total other operating expense increased 17.3% in 2013 compared to 2012
primarily due to non-cash expenses related to share-based compensation recognized upon the realization of our IPO, the timing of
certain expenses and depreciation expense related to the addition of Norwegian Breakaway. On a Capacity Day basis, Net Cruise Cost
increased 5.0% on an as reported and 4.8% on a Constant Currency basis due to the expenses discussed above. Adjusted Net Cruise
Cost Excluding Fuel per Capacity Day increased 3.6% and 3.4% on an as reported and Constant Currency basis, respectively, mainly
due to the timing of certain expenses. 

   

 Interest expense, net increased to $282.6 million in 2013 from $189.9
million in 2012 primarily due to $160.6 million of expenses associated with debt prepayments partially offset by lower interest
rates resulting from the benefits from the redemption of higher rate debt and refinancing transactions. 

   

 Income tax expense increased to $11.8 million in 2013 from $0.7
million in 2012 primarily due to the change in our U.S. tax status from a partnership to a corporation in connection with our IPO. 

   

 Liquidity and Capital Resources  

   

 General  

   

 As of December 31, 2014, our liquidity was $509.8 million consisting
of $84.8 million in cash and cash equivalents and $425.0 million available under our revolving credit facility. Our primary ongoing
liquidity requirements are to finance working capital, capital expenditures and debt service. 

   

 As of December 31, 2014, we had a working capital deficit of
$1.8 billion. This deficit included $817.2 million of advance ticket sales, which represents the total revenue we collect in advance
of sailing dates and accordingly are substantially more like deferred revenue balances rather than actual current cash liabilities.
Our business model, along with our revolving credit facility, allows us to operate with a working capital deficit and still meet
our operating, investing and financing needs. 

   

 Our existing debt agreements restrict, and any of our future debt
arrangements may restrict, among other things, the ability of our subsidiaries, including NCLC, to pay distributions to NCLH and
our ability to pay cash dividends to our shareholders. We are a holding company and depend upon our subsidiaries for their ability
to pay distributions to us to finance any dividend or pay any other obligations of NCLH. However, we do not believe that these
restrictions have had or are expected to have an impact on our ability to meet any cash obligations. 

   


 
     47 
     Table of Contents 
     

     

 Sources and Uses of Cash  

   

 In this section, references to 2014 refer to the year
ended December 31, 2014, references to 2013 refer to the year ended December 31, 2013 and references to 2012 refer to
the year ended December 31, 2012.  

   

 Net cash provided by operating activities was $635.6
million in 2014 compared to $475.3 million in 2013 and $398.6 million in 2012. The change in net cash provided by operating activities
in 2014 reflects net income in 2014 of $342.6 million compared to net income in 2013 of $102.9 million, as well as timing
differences in cash receipts and payments relating to operating assets and liabilities. The net income in 2013 included fees of
$124.2 million related to prepayment of debt and $11.4 million of deferred income taxes. The increase in net cash provided by
operating activities in 2013 compared to 2012 was mainly due to timing differences in cash receipts and payments relating to operating
assets and liabilities primarily with an increase in advance ticket sales. The 2012 balance included net income of $168.6 million
and $6.0 million related to the premium received from the issuance of $100.0 million of senior unsecured notes. 

   

 Net cash used in investing activities was $1.9 billion in 2014,
primarily due to payments related to (i) the Acquisition of Prestige (ii) the delivery of Norwegian Getaway, and (iii) our Breakaway
Plus Class Ships and other ship improvements and shoreside projects. Net cash used in investing activities was $894.9 million in
2013, primarily related to the payments for construction and delivery of Norwegian Breakaway and construction of Norwegian Getaway,
as well as other ship improvements and shoreside projects. Net cash used in investing activities was $303.8 million in 2012, primarily
related to payments for construction of Norwegian Breakaway and Norwegian Getaway, the purchase of Norwegian Sky, and other ship
improvements and shoreside projects. 

   

 Net cash provided by financing activities was $1.3 billion in
2014, primarily due to borrowings of an incremental $700.0 million under our $1,375.0 million term loan facility, an additional
$350.0 million on our $350.0 million senior secured term loan facility and borrowings under the Breakaway two loan and credit facilities
related to our Breakaway Plus Class Ships partially offset by repayments of our revolving credit facility and other borrowings.
In November 2014, we also issued the $680.0 million 5.25% senior unsecured notes. Net cash provided by financing activities was
$430.5 million in 2013, primarily due to the issuance of our $300.0 million 5% senior unsecured notes as well as borrowings under
other credit facilities and the proceeds from the issuance of ordinary shares partially offset by repayments of our $450.0 million
11.75% senior secured notes and revolving credit facilities, and a payment related to the Norwegian Sky Purchase Agreement. Net
cash used in financing activities was $108.2 million in 2012, primarily due to repayments of our revolving credit facilities, other
borrowings and loan arrangement fees which were partially offset by borrowings on our revolving credit facilities and by the issuance
of $100.0 million of senior unsecured notes. 

   

 Future Capital Commitments  

   

 Future capital commitments consist of contracted commitments,
including future expected capital expenditures for business enhancements and ship construction contracts. As of December 31,
2014, anticipated capital expenditures together with amounts for ship construction and related export credit financing were as
follows (in thousands, based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2014): 

   

 
 
         
     Full
    Year   
 
         
     2015     
     2016     
     2017   
 
     Ship construction   
     $ 975,782     
     $ 648,378     
     $ 891,064   
 
     Ship financing   
       (683,663 )   
       (477,197 )   
       (666,112 ) 
 
     Ship construction, net of financing   
     $ 292,119     
     $ 171,181     
     $ 224,952   
 
     Business Enhancement Capital Expenditures, including ROI Capital Expenditures  (1)(2)   
     $ 154,000     
     $ 160,000     
     $ 156,000   
 
     Incremental ROI Capital Expenditures for exhaust gas scrubbers   
     $ 28,000     
     $ 8,000     
     $ —   
 

   

   

 
 (1) 2015 includes $51.0 million in ROI Capital Expenditures and the investment for development of Harvest Caye, our future cruise
destination in Belize 

 
 (2) Excludes amounts for exhaust gas scrubbers 

   

 We have orders with Meyer Werft for four Breakaway Plus Class
Ships for delivery in the fall of 2015, spring of 2017, spring of 2018 and fall of 2019. These ships will be the largest in our
fleet, reaching approximately 164,600 Gross Tons and up to 4,200 Berths each and will be similar in design and innovation to our
Breakaway Class Ships. The combined contract price of these four ships is approximately €3.0 billion, or $3.6 billion based
on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2014. We have export credit financing in place that provides financing
for 80% of their contract prices. We also have a contract with Italy’s Fincantieri shipyard to build a luxury cruise ship
to be named Seven Seas Explorer. The contract price of the ship is approximately €343.0 million or approximately $415.0
million, based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2014. We have export credit financing in place that provides
financing for 80% of the ship’s contract price. Seven Seas Explorer will be delivered in summer of 2016. 

   


 
     48 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 In connection with the contracts to build these ships, we do
not anticipate any contractual breaches or cancellation to occur. However, if any would occur, it could result in, among other
things, the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us, subject to certain refund guarantees, and potential claims and
impairment losses which may materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Capitalized interest for the years ended December 31, 2014,
2013 and 2012 was $22.0 million, $26.3 million and $22.1 million, respectively, primarily associated with the construction of our
newbuild ships. 

   

 Off-Balance Sheet Transactions  

   

 None. 

   

 Contractual Obligations  

   

 As of December 31, 2014, our contractual obligations, with
initial or remaining terms in excess of one year, including interest payments on long-term debt obligations, were as follows (in
thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Total     
     Less than 
    1 year     
     1-3
    years     
     3-5
    years     
     More than 
    5 years   
 
     Long-term debt (1)   
     $ 6,184,104     
     $ 576,947     
     $ 1,108,375     
     $ 2,739,293     
     $ 1,759,489   
 
     Due to Affiliate (2)   
       56,492     
       37,948     
       18,544     
       —     
       —   
 
     Operating leases (3)   
       42,329     
       7,810     
       13,877     
       9,811     
       10,831   
 
     Ship construction contracts (4)   
       3,913,248     
       897,818     
       1,347,015     
       1,668,415     
       —   
 
     Port facilities (5)   
       212,636     
       30,411     
       58,749     
       41,261     
       82,215   
 
     Interest (6)   
       863,278     
       177,061     
       324,174     
       212,136     
       149,907   
 
     Other (7)   
       120,424     
       70,538     
       41,573     
       6,313     
       2,000   
 
     Total   
     $ 11,392,511     
     $ 1,798,533     
     $ 2,912,307     
     $ 4,677,229     
     $ 2,004,442   
 

   

   

 
 (1) Net of unamortized original issue discount of $1.1 million and includes premiums aggregating $0.9 million. Also includes capital
leases. 

 
 (2) Primarily related to the purchase of Norwegian Sky. 

 
 (3) Primarily for offices, motor vehicles and office equipment. 

 
 (4) For our newbuild ships based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2014. Export credit financing is
in place from syndicates of banks. 

 
 (5) Primarily for our usage of certain port facilities. 

 
 (6) Includes fixed and variable rates with LIBOR held constant as of December 31, 2014. 

 
 (7) Future commitments for service, maintenance and other Business Enhancement Capital Expenditure contracts. 

   

 The table above does not include $11.2 million of unrecognized
tax benefits (we refer you to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note—11 “Income Tax”). 

   

 Other  

   

 Certain of our service providers may require collateral in the
normal course of our business. The amount of collateral may change based on certain terms and conditions. 

   

 As a routine part of our business, depending on market conditions,
exchange rates, pricing and our strategy for growth, we regularly consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building
of additional ships. We may also consider the sale of ships, potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. If any of these were
to occur, they may be financed through the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness, through cash flows from operations,
or through the issuance of debt, equity or equity-related securities. 

   

 Funding Sources  

   

 Our debt agreements contain covenants that, among other things,
require us to maintain a minimum level of liquidity, as well as limit our net funded debt-to-capital ratio, maintain certain other
ratios and restrict our ability to pay dividends. Our ships and substantially all other property and equipment are pledged as collateral
for our debt. We believe we were in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2014. 

   


 
     49 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 The impact of changes in world economies and especially the
global credit markets has created a challenging environment and may reduce future consumer demand for cruises and adversely affect
our counterparty credit risks. In the event this environment deteriorates, our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be adversely impacted. 

   

 We believe our cash on hand, expected future operating cash
inflows, additional available borrowings under our existing credit facility and our ability to issue debt securities or raise additional
equity, will be sufficient to fund operations, debt payment requirements, capital expenditures and maintain compliance with covenants
under our debt agreements over the next twelve-month period. There is no assurance that cash flows from operations and additional
financings will be available in the future to fund our future obligations. 

   

 Item 7A. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about
Market Risk  

   

 General  

   

 We are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in interest
rates, foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. We attempt to minimize these risks through a combination of our normal
operating and financing activities and through the use of derivatives. The financial impacts of these derivative instruments are
primarily offset by corresponding changes in the underlying exposures being hedged. We achieve this by closely matching the amount,
term and conditions of the derivatives with the underlying risk being hedged. We do not hold or issue derivatives for trading or
other speculative purposes. Derivative positions are monitored using techniques including market valuations and sensitivity analyses. 

   

 Interest Rate Risk  

   

 As of December 31, 2014, we had interest rate swap agreements
to modify our exposure to interest rate movements and to manage our interest expense. As of December 31, 2014, 53% of our
debt was fixed and 47% was variable, which includes the effects of the interest rate swaps. The notional amount of outstanding
debt associated with the interest rate swap agreements as of December 31, 2014 was $1.3 billion. Based on our December 31,
2014 outstanding variable rate debt balance, a one percentage point increase in annual LIBOR interest rates would increase our
annual interest expense by approximately $28.9 million excluding the effects of capitalization of interest. 

   

 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk  

   

 As of December 31, 2014, we had foreign currency derivatives
to hedge the exposure to volatility in foreign currency exchange rates related to our ship construction contracts denominated in
euros. These derivatives hedge the foreign currency exchange rate risk on a portion of the final payments on our ship construction
contracts. The payments not hedged aggregate €2.6 billion, or $3.1 billion based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate
as of December 31, 2014. We estimate that a 10% change in the euro as of December 31, 2014 would result in a $316.3 million
change in the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency denominated remaining payments. 

   

 Fuel Price Risk  

   

 Our exposure to market risk for changes in fuel prices relates
to the forecasted purchases of fuel on our ships. Fuel expense, as a percentage of our total cruise operating expense, was 16.8%,
18.3% and 19.2% for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. We use fuel derivative agreements to mitigate
the financial impact of fluctuations in fuel prices and as of December 31, 2014, we had hedged approximately 68%, 55%, 39%
and 8% of our 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018 projected metric tons of fuel purchases, respectively. We estimate that a 10% increase
in our weighted-average fuel price would increase our anticipated 2015 fuel expense by $22.8 million. This increase would be partially
offset by an increase in the fair value of our fuel swap agreements of $13.0 million. Fair value of our derivative contracts is
derived using valuation models that utilize the income valuation approach. These valuation models take into account the contract
terms such as maturity, as well as other inputs such as fuel types, fuel curves, creditworthiness of the counterparty and the Company,
as well as other data points. 

   

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
 

   

 Our Financial Statements and Quarterly Selected Financial Data
are included beginning on page F-1 of this report. 

   

 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  

   

 None. 

   

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures  

   

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

   

 Our management has evaluated, with the participation of our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31,
2014. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility
of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and 

   


 
     50 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls
and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based upon management’s evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as
of December 31, 2014 to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we
file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
rules and forms of the SEC, and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

   

 Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

   

 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the 2013  Internal Control-Integrated
Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO Framework”). Based
on this evaluation under the COSO Framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of December 31, 2014. 

   

 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered certified
public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report regarding its assessment of NCLH’s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2014, as stated in their report, which is included on page F-1. 

   

 The Acquisition of Prestige 

   

 On November 19, 2014, we acquired 100% of the equity of Prestige.
As permitted by the SEC commission staff interpretive guidance for newly acquired businesses, management has excluded the Prestige
business from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014 because it acquired Prestige in November 2014 (we are permitted to omit an assessment of an acquired business’s
internal control over financial reporting from our assessment of internal controls for up to one year from the acquisition date).
Prestige is a wholly owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues represent 19.7% and 3.6%, respectively, of the related
consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2014. 

   

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

   

 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2014 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

   

 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls  

   

 It should be noted that any system of controls, however well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met.
In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events.
Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there is only the reasonable assurance that our controls will
succeed in achieving their goals under all potential future conditions. 

   

 Item 9B. Other Information  

   

 Prestige Newbuild Loan Agreements 

   

 As previously disclosed, NCLH funded a portion of the purchase
price and related fees and expenses for the Acquisition of Prestige by assuming certain debt of Prestige and its subsidiaries.
The assumed debt included the Prestige Newbuild Loan Agreements (as defined below) which were amended in connection with the Acquisition
of Prestige in order to, among other things, permit the existing term loans or commitments under each such agreement to remain
outstanding following the Acquisition of Prestige, to add NCLC as a guarantor under each of the Prestige Newbuild Loan Agreements
and to release Oceania and PCH from their guarantees of the Riviera Newbuild Loan Agreement and Marina Newbuild Loan Agreement
(each as defined below) and Regent and PCH from their guarantees of the Explorer Newbuild Loan Agreement (as defined below). The
below summarizes the principal terms of the Prestige Newbuild Loan Agreements, as amended in connection with the Acquisition of
Prestige. 

   

 Riviera Newbuild Loan Agreement  

   

 On July 18, 2008, Riviera New Build, LLC, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Oceania, entered into a loan facility with Calyon and Société Générale, as Mandated Lead
Arrangers and Calyon, as Agent and SACE Agent, and the banks and financial institutions  lenders
party thereto , providing for borrowings to finance the delivery of the Oceania Riviera (the “Riviera Newbuild Loan 

   


 
     51 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Agreement”). Riviera New Build, LLC’s obligations
under the Riviera Newbuild Loan Agreement were guaranteed by Oceania and PCH prior to the Acquisition and are now guaranteed by
NCLC as of the closing of the Acquisition of Prestige on November 19, 2014. The Riviera Newbuild Loan Agreement is also 95% guaranteed
to the lenders by Servizi Assicurativi del Commercio Estero (“SACE”). On April 27, 2012, Oceania took delivery
of the Oceania Riviera and concurrently borrowed $539.0 million on the loan facility. The Riviera Newbuild Loan Agreement matures
on April 27, 2024, on the twelfth anniversary of the delivery date of the ship. The proceeds of the Riviera Newbuild Loan
Agreement were used to finance 80% of the construction contract for the Oceania Riviera, the settlement of related euro foreign
currency hedges and the balance of the export credit agency fee. Riviera New Build, LLC is required to make 24 semi-annual principal
payments on the loan commencing six months after the draw-down date of April 27, 2012. 

   

 Borrowings under the Riviera Newbuild Loan Agreement are pre-payable
in whole or in part without penalty. The interest rate for borrowings under the Riviera Newbuild Loan Agreement is based on six-month
LIBOR plus a margin of 0.55%. 

   

 The Riviera Newbuild Loan Agreement
contains financial covenants, consisting of requirements for NCLC to maintain a minimum liquidity balance at all times, a maximum
total net funded debt to total capitalization ratio at all times, and certain other ratios. The Riviera Newbuild Loan Agreement
also contains negative covenants that are customary for credit facilities of this type. Events of default include, among others,
the failure to pay principal and interest when due, a material breach of representation or warranty, covenant defaults, events
of bankruptcy and change of control. The ship, the Oceania Riviera, certain interests relating to the ship, and the equity interests
of Riviera New Build, LLC are pledged as collateral for the aforementioned debt. 

   

 Marina Newbuild Loan Agreement  

   

 On July 18, 2008, Marina New Build, LLC, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Oceania, entered into a loan facility with Calyon and Société Générale, as Mandated Lead
Arrangers and Calyon, as Agent and SACE Agent, and the banks and financial institutions  lenders
party thereto , providing for borrowings to finance the delivery of the Oceania Marina (“Marina Newbuild Loan Agreement”).
Marina New Build, LLC’s obligations under the Marina Newbuild Loan Agreement were guaranteed by Oceania and PCH prior to
the Acquisition of Prestige and are now guaranteed by NCLC as of the closing of the Acquisition of Prestige on November 19, 2014.
The Marina Newbuild Loan Agreement is also 95% guaranteed to the lenders by SACE. On January 19, 2011, Oceania took delivery
of the Oceania Marina   and concurrently borrowed $535.7 million on the loan facility. The Marina Newbuild Loan Agreement
matures on January 19, 2023, the twelfth anniversary of the delivery date of the ship. Similar to the Riviera Newbuild Loan
Agreement, the proceeds of the Marina Newbuild Loan Agreement were used to finance 80% of the construction contract for the Marina,
the settlement of related euro foreign currency hedges and the balance of the export credit agency fee. Marina New Build, LLC is
required to make 24 semi-annual principal payments on the loan commencing six months subsequent to the draw-down date of January 19,
2011. 

   

 Borrowings under the Marina Newbuild Loan Agreement are pre-payable
in whole or in part without penalty. The interest rate for borrowings under the Marina Newbuild Loan Agreement is based on six-month
LIBOR plus a margin of 0.55%. 

   

 The Marina Newbuild Loan Agreement
contains financial covenants, including requirements for NCLC to maintain a minimum liquidity balance at all times, a maximum total
net funded debt to total capitalization ratio at all times, and certain other ratios. The Marina Newbuild Loan Agreement also contains
negative covenants that are customary for credit facilities of this type. Events of default include, among others, the failure
to pay principal and interest when due, a material breach of representation or warranty, covenant defaults, events of bankruptcy
and change of control. The ship, the Oceania Marina, certain interests relating to the ship, and the equity interests of Marina
New Build, LLC are pledged as collateral for the aforementioned debt. 

   

 Explorer Newbuild Loan Agreement  

   

 On July 31, 2013, Explorer New Build, LLC, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Regent, entered into a loan facility  with Crédit Agricole Corporate
and Investment Bank, Société Générale, HSBC Bank plc and KFW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as Joint Mandated Lead
Arrangers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as Agent, SACE Agent and Security Trustee , and the banks
and financial institutions  lenders party thereto , providing for borrowings of up to
$440.0 million with a syndicate of financial institutions to finance 80% of the construction contract for the Seven Seas Explorer ,
 the settlement of related euro foreign currency hedges and the export credit agency fee (the “Explorer Newbuild Loan
Agreement,” and collectively with the Riviera Newbuild Loan Agreement and the Marina Newbuild Loan Agreement, the “Prestige
Newbuild Loan Agreements”). The twelve-year fully amortizing loan requires semi-annual principal and interest payments commencing
six months following the draw-down date. Borrowings under the Explorer Newbuild Loan Agreement will bear interest, at the election
of Explorer New Build, LLC, at either (i) a fixed rate of 3.43% per year, or (ii) six month LIBOR plus a margin of 2.80% per year.
Explorer New Build, LLC is required to pay various fees to the lenders under the Explorer Newbuild Loan Agreement, including a
commitment fee on the maximum undrawn loan amount payable semi-annually beginning January 2014. Obligations under the Explorer
Newbuild Loan Agreement were guaranteed by Regent and PCH prior to the Acquisition of Prestige and are now guaranteed by NCLC,
as of the closing of the Acquisition of Prestige on November 19, 2014, and it is also 95% guaranteed to the lenders by SACE. 

   


 
     52 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 The Explorer Newbuild Loan Agreement
contains financial covenants, including a requirement for NCLC to maintain a minimum liquidity balance at all times, a maximum
total net funded debt to total capitalization ratio at all times, and certain other ratios The Explorer Newbuild Loan Agreement
also contains negative covenants that are customary for credit facilities of this type. Events of default include, among others,
the failure to pay principal and interest when due, a material breach of representation or warranty, covenant defaults, events
of bankruptcy and change of control. The equity interests of Explorer New Build, LLC are, and the ship to be named the Seven Seas
Explorer together with certain interests relating to the ship, when delivered, will be, pledged as collateral for the aforementioned
debt. 

   


 
     53 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 PART III  

   

 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance  

   

 Except for information concerning executive officers (called
for by Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K), which is included in Part I of this annual report on Form 10-K and except as disclosed
below with respect to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the information required under Item 10 is incorporated herein
by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended
December 31, 2014 in connection with our 2015 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. 

   

 Code of Conduct and Ethics  

   

 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies
to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or
controller and persons performing similar functions, and our directors. This document is posted on our website at  www.nclhltdinvestor.com .
We intend to disclose waivers from, and amendments to, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that apply to our directors and
executive officers, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officers or controller
and persons performing similar functions, by posting such information on our website  www.nclhltdinvestor.com  to the extent
required by applicable rules of the SEC and The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. None of the websites referenced in this annual report
on Form 10-K or the information contained therein is incorporated herein by reference. 

   

 Item 11. Executive Compensation  

   

 The information required under Item 11 is incorporated
herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year
ended December 31, 2014 in connection with our 2015 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. 

   

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  

   

 The information required under Item 12 is incorporated
herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year
ended December 31, 2014 in connection with our 2015 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. 

   

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence  

   

 The information required under Item 13 is incorporated
herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year
ended December 31, 2014 in connection with our 2015 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. 

   

 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services  

   

 The information required under Item 14 is incorporated
herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year
ended December 31, 2014 in connection with our 2015 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. 

   


 
     54 
     Table of Contents 
     

    

 PART IV  

   

 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  

   

 (1) Financial Statements 

   

 Our Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in
accordance with Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and are included beginning on page F-1 of this report. 

   

 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 

   

 Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

   

 (3) Exhibits 

   

 The exhibits listed on the accompanying Index to Exhibits are
filed or incorporated by reference as part of this annual report on Form 10-K and such Index to Exhibits is hereby incorporated
herein by reference. 

   


 
     55 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 SIGNATURES  

   

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this annual report on Form 10-K to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Miami, Florida, on February 27, 2015. 

   

 
 
       
     NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     By: 
     /s/    Frank J. Del Rio         
 
       
     Name: 
     Frank J. Del Rio 
 
       
     Title: 
     President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   

 POWER OF ATTORNEY  

   

 Each person whose signature appears below
constitutes and appoints Frank J. Del Rio, Wendy A. Beck, Daniel S. Farkas and Howard L. Flanders, and each of them, his true and
lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her
name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K, and to file
the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact
and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to
be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that
each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully so or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

   

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this annual report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities
and on the date indicated. 

   

 
 
     Signature 
       
     Title 
       
     Date 
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Frank J. Del Rio 
       
     President and Chief Executive Officer 
       
     February 27, 2015 
 
     Frank J. Del Rio 
       
     (Principal Executive Officer) 
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Wendy A. Beck 
       
     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
       
     February 27, 2015 
 
     Wendy A. Beck 
       
     (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Adam M. Aron 
       
     Director 
       
     February 27, 2015 
 
     Adam M. Aron 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ John Chidsey 
       
     Director 
       
     February 27, 2015 
 
     John Chidsey 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Kevin Crowe 
       
     Director 
       
     February 27, 2015 
 
     Kevin Crowe 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ David Chua Ming Huat 
       
     Director 
       
     February 27, 2015 
 
     David Chua Ming Huat 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Steve Martinez 
       
     Director 
       
     February 27, 2015 
 
     Steve Martinez 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Karl Peterson 
       
     Director 
       
     February 27, 2015 
 
     Karl Peterson 
       
       
       
       
 
   


 
     56 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
     /s/ Walter L. Revell 
       
     Director 
       
     February 27, 2015 
 
     Walter L. Revell 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ David M. Abrams 
       
     Director 
       
     February 27, 2015 
 
     David M. Abrams 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ F. Robert Salerno 
       
     Director 
       
     February 27, 2015 
 
     F. Robert Salerno 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Robert Seminara 
       
     Director 
       
     February 27, 2015 
 
     Robert Seminara 
       
       
       
       
 
   


 
     57 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

   

 
 
     Exhibit 
     Number 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 
 
       
       
       
 
         2.1 
       
     Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 2, 2014, by and among Prestige Cruises International, Inc., Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., Portland Merger Sub, Inc. and Apollo Management, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2014 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
         2.2 
       
     Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 6, 2014, by and among Prestige Cruises International, Inc., Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., Portland Merger Sub, Inc. and Apollo Management, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on October 8, 2014 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
         3.1 
       
     Memorandum of Association of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to amendment no. 5 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-175579)) 
 
       
       
       
 
         3.2 
       
     Amended and Restated Bye-Laws of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
         4.1 
       
     Indenture, dated February 6, 2013, by and among NCL Corporation Ltd. as Issuer and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee with respect to $300.0 million 5.00% Senior Notes due 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
         4.2 
       
     Indenture, dated as of November 19, 2014, between NCL Corporation Ltd. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee with respect to $680.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior unsecured notes due 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2014 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
         4.3 
       
     Form of Certificate of Ordinary Shares (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to amendment no. 5 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-175579)) 
 
       
       
       
 
         9.1 
       
     Deed of Trust, dated January 24, 2013, by and between Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. and State House Trust Company Limited (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 9.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.1 
       
     €258.0 million Pride of America Loan, dated as of April 4, 2003, by and among Ship Holding LLC and a syndicate of international banks and related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(e) to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form F-4 filed on October 3, 2005 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.2 
       
     Supplemental Amendment, dated June 1, 2005, to €258.0 million Pride of America Loan, dated as of April 4, 2003, by and among Pride of America Ship Holding, Inc., NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on March 29, 2006 (File No. 333-128780)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.3 
       
     Seventh Supplemental Deed , dated November 13, 2006, to €258.0 million Pride of America Loan, dated as of April 4, 2003, as amended, by an agreement dated April 20, 2004, by and among Pride of America Ship Holding, Inc. and a syndicate of international banks and related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.27 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on March 6, 2007 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.4 
       
     Eighth Supplemental Deed, dated December 21, 2007, to €258.0 million Pride of America Loan, dated as of April 4, 2003, as amended, by and among Pride of America Ship Holding, Inc., NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related amended and restated Guarantees by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.58 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on March 13, 2008 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.5 
       
     Ninth Supplemental Deed, dated April 2, 2009, to €258.0 million Pride of America Loan, dated as of April 4, 2003, as amended, by and among Pride of America Ship Holding, Inc., NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related amended and restated Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.36 to Amendment No. 1 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on May 25, 2010 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
   


 
     58 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
     Exhibit 
     Number 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.6 
       
     Tenth Supplemental Deed, dated July 22, 2010, to €258.0 million Pride of America Loan, dated as of April 4, 2003, as amended, by and among Pride of America Ship Holding, LLC, NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to amendment no. 4 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.7 
       
     Eleventh Supplemental Deed, dated November 18, 2010, to €258.0 million Pride of America Loan, dated as of April 4, 2003, as amended, by and among Pride of America Ship Holding, LLC, NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to amendment no. 4 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.8 
       
     Twelfth Supplemental Deed, dated as of June 1, 2012, to €258.0 million Pride of America Loan, dated as of April 4, 2003, as amended, by and among Pride of America Ship Holding, LLC, NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related amended and restated Guarantees by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K/A filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.9 
       
     Thirteenth Supplemental Deed, dated June 21, 2013, to €258.0 million Pride of America Loan dated as of April 4, 2003 (as amended), by and among Pride of America Ship Holding, LLC, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL America Holdings, LLC, as shareholder, NCL America LLC, as manager, NCL (Bahamas) Ltd., as Sub-Agent, HSBC Bank PLC, as agent and trustee, KFW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as Hermes agent, and a syndicate of financial institutions party thereto as lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s report on Form 8-K/A filed on July 11, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.10 
       
     $334.1 million Norwegian Jewel Loan, dated as of April 20, 2004, by and among Norwegian Jewel Limited and a syndicate of international banks and related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(h) to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form F-4 filed on October 3, 2005 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.11 
       
     First Supplemental Deed, dated as of September 30, 2005, to $334.1 million Norwegian Jewel Loan, by and among Norwegian Jewel Limited, NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on March 29, 2006 (File No. 333-128780)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.12 
       
     Second Supplemental Deed, dated April 4, 2006, and Third Supplemental Deed, dated November 13, 2006, to $334.1 million Norwegian Jewel Loan, dated as of April 20, 2004, as amended, by and among Norwegian Jewel Limited and a syndicate of international banks and related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.30 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on March 6, 2007 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.13 
       
     Fourth Supplemental Deed, dated December 21, 2007, to $334.1 million Norwegian Jewel Loan, dated as of April 20, 2004, as amended, by and among Norwegian Jewel Limited, NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related amended and restated Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.57 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on March 13, 2008 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.14 
       
     Fifth Supplemental Deed, dated April 2, 2009, to $334.1 million Norwegian Jewel Loan, dated as of April 20, 2004, as amended, by and among Norwegian Jewel Limited, NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related amended and restated Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.35 to Amendment No. 1 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on May 25, 2010 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.15 
       
     Sixth Supplemental Deed, dated July 22, 2010, to $334.1 million Norwegian Jewel Loan, dated as of April 20, 2004, as amended, by and among Norwegian Jewel Limited, NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to amendment no. 4 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.16 
       
     Seventh Supplemental Deed, dated November 18, 2010, to $334.1 million Norwegian Jewel Loan, dated as of April 20, 2004, as amended, by and among Norwegian Jewel Limited, NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to amendment no. 4 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.17 
       
     Eighth Supplemental Deed, dated June 1, 2012, to $334.1 million Norwegian Jewel Loan, dated as of April 20, 2004, as amended, by and among Norwegian Jewel Limited, NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related amended and restated Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K/A filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
   


 
     59 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
     Exhibit 
     Number 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.18 
       
     Ninth Supplemental Deed, dated June 21, 2013 to $334.1 million Norwegian Jewel Loan dated as of April 20, 2004 (as amended), by and among Norwegian Jewel Limited, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, NCL (Bahamas) Ltd., as manager, HSBC Bank PLC, as agent and trustee, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, as Hermes agent, and a syndicate of financial institutions party thereto as lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s report on Form 8-K/A filed on July 11, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.19 
       
     €308.1 million Pride of Hawai’i Loan, dated as of April 20, 2004, as amended, by and among Pride of Hawai’i, Inc. and a syndicate of international banks and related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(i) to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form F-4 filed on October 3, 2005 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.20 
       
     Second Supplemental Deed, dated as of September 30, 2005, to €308.1 million Pride of Hawai’i Loan, by and among Pride of Hawai’i, Inc., NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on March 29, 2006 (File No. 333-128780)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.21 
       
     Third Supplemental Deed, dated November 13, 2006, to €308.1 million Pride of Hawai’i Loan, dated as of April 20, 2004, as amended, by and among Pride of Hawai’i, Inc. and a syndicate of international banks and related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.31 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on March 6, 2007 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.22 
       
     Fourth Supplemental Deed, dated December 21, 2007, to €308.1 million Pride of Hawai’i Loan, dated as of April 20, 2004, as amended, by and among Pride of Hawai’i, Inc., NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related amended and restated Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.59 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on March 13, 2008 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.23 
       
     Fifth Supplemental Deed, dated February 10, 2008, to €308.1 million Pride of Hawai’i Loan, dated as of April 20, 2004, as amended, by and among Pride of Hawai’i, Inc., NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.60 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on March 13, 2008 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.24 
       
     Sixth Supplemental Deed, dated April 2, 2009, to €308.1 million Pride of Hawai’i Loan, dated as of April 20, 2004, as amended, by and among Pride of Hawai’i, Inc., NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related amended and restated Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.37 to Amendment No. 1 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on May 25, 2010 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.25 
       
     Seventh Supplemental Deed, dated October 19, 2009, to €308.1 million Pride of Hawai’i Loan, dated as of April 20, 2004, as amended, by and among Pride of Hawai’i, Inc., NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to amendment no. 4 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.26 
       
     Eighth Supplemental Deed, dated July 22, 2010, to €308.1 million Pride of Hawai’i Loan, dated as of April 20, 2004, as amended, by and among Pride of Hawai’i, LLC, NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to amendment no. 4 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.27 
       
     Ninth Supplemental Deed, dated November 18, 2010, to €308.1 million Pride of Hawai’i Loan, dated as of April 20, 2004, as amended, by and among Pride of Hawai’i, LLC, NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to amendment no. 4 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.28 
       
     Tenth Supplemental Deed, dated June 1, 2012, to €308.1 million Pride of Hawai’i Loan, dated as of April 20, 2004, as amended, by and among Pride of Hawai’i, LLC, NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related amended and restated Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K/A filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.29 
       
     Eleventh Supplemental Deed, dated June 21, 2013, to €308.0 million Pride of Hawai’i Loan dated as of April 20, 2004 (as amended), by and among Pride of Hawaii, LLC, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL America Holdings, LLC, as shareholder, NCL (Bahamas) Ltd., as bareboat charterer, HSBC Bank PLC, as agent and trustee, KFW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as Hermes agent, and a syndicate of financial institutions party thereto as lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s report on Form 8-K/A filed on July 11, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) + 
 
   


 
     60 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
     Exhibit 
     Number 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.30 
       
     €662.9 million Syndicated Loan Facility, dated September 22, 2006, by and among F3 Two, Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd., for the construction of Hull D33 at Aker Yards S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.34 to our annual report on Form 20-F filed on March 6, 2007 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.31 
       
     First Supplemental Deed, dated December 21, 2007, to €662.9 million Norwegian Epic Loan, dated as of September 22, 2006, as amended, by and among F3 Two, Ltd., NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related amended and restated Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.63 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on March 13, 2008 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.32 
       
     Second Supplemental Deed, dated April 24, 2008, to €662.9 million Norwegian Epic Loan, dated as of September 22, 2006, as amended, by and among F3 Two, Ltd., NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2014 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.33 
       
     Third Supplemental Deed, dated April 2, 2009, to €662.9 million Norwegian Epic Loan, dated as of September 22, 2006, as amended, by and among F3 Two, Ltd., NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related amended and restated Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.33 to Amendment No. 1 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on May 25, 2010 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.34 
       
     Fourth Supplemental Deed, dated June 9, 2010, to €662.9 million Norwegian Epic Loan, dated as of September 22, 2006, as amended, by and among Norwegian Epic, Ltd., NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to amendment no. 4 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.35 
       
     Fifth Supplemental Deed, dated July 22, 2010, to €662.9 million Norwegian Epic Loan, dated as of September 22, 2006, as amended, by and among Norwegian Epic, Ltd., NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to amendment no. 4 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.36 
       
     Sixth Supplemental Deed, dated June 1, 2012, to €662.9 million Norwegian Epic Loan, dated as of September 22, 2006, as amended, by and among F3 Two, Ltd., NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related amended and restated Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K/A filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.37 
       
     Office Lease Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2006, by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Hines Reit Airport Corporate Center LLC and related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd., and First Amendment, dated November 27, 2006 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.46 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on March 6, 2007 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.38 
       
     Amendment No. 1, dated December 1, 2006, Amendment No. 2, dated March 20, 2007, Amendment No. 3, dated July 31, 2007, and Amendment No. 4, dated December 10, 2007, to Office Lease Agreement, dated December 1, 2006, as amended, by and between Hines Reit Airport Corporate Center LLC and NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.64 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on March 13, 2008 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.39 
       
     Amendment No. 5, dated February 2, 2010, to Office Lease Agreement, dated December 1, 2006, as amended, by and between Hines Reit Airport Corporate Center LLC and NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to amendment no. 2 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on January 31, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.40 
       
     Amendment No. 6, dated April 1, 2012, and Amendment No. 7, dated June 19, 2012, to Office Lease Agreement, dated December 1, 2006, as amended, by and between Hines Reit Airport Corporate Center LLC and NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K filed on November 2, 2012 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
   


 
     61 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
     Exhibit 
     Number 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.41 
       
     Shareholders’ Agreement, dated January 24, 2013, by and among Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., Genting Hong Kong Limited, Star NCLC Holdings Ltd., AAA Guarantor—Co-Invest VI (B), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV II), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV III), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV IV), L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware) VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware 892) VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Germany) VI, L.P., TPG Viking, L.P., TPG Viking AIV I, L.P., TPG Viking AIV II, L.P. and TPG Viking AIV III, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.42 
       
     Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Shareholders’ Agreement of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, Ltd., dated as of November 19, 2014, by and among Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, Ltd., Genting Honk Kong Limited, STAR NCLC Holdings Ltd., AAA Guarantor Co-Invest VI (B), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV II), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV III), L.P., AIG VI NCL (AIV IV), L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware) VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware 892) VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Germany) VI, L.P., TPG Viking, L.P., TPG Viking AIV I, L.P., TPG Viking AIV II, L.P., TPG Viking AIV III, L.P., AIF VI Euro Holdings, L.P., AAA Guarantor – Co-Invest VII, L.P., AIF VII Euro Holdings, L.P., Apollo Alternative Assets, L.P., Apollo Management VI, L.P. and Apollo Management VII, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2014 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.43 
       
     Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, dated September 14, 2012, by and among Meyer Werft GMBH, Breakaway Three, Ltd. and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K/A filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.44 
       
     Addendum No. 1, dated October 12, 2012, to Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, dated September 14, 2012, as amended, by and among Meyer Werft GMBH, Breakaway Three, Ltd. and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K filed on November 2, 2012 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.45 
       
     Addendum No. 2, dated October 15, 2012, to Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, dated September 14, 2012, as amended, by and among Meyer Werft GMBH, Breakaway Three, Ltd. and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K/A filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.46 
       
     Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, dated September 14, 2012, by and among Meyer Werft GMBH, Breakaway Four, Ltd. and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K/A filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.47 
       
     Addendum No. 1, dated October 15, 2012, to Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, dated September 14, 2012, as amended, by and among Meyer Werft GMBH, Breakaway Four, Ltd. and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K/A filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.48 
       
     Addendum No. 2, dated July 9, 2013, to Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, as amended, by and among Meyer Werft GMBH, the Buyer and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on July 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.49 
       
     Addendum No. 3, dated May 22, 2014, to Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, as amended, by and among Meyer Werft GMBH, the Buyer and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on July 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.50 
       
     €529.8 million Breakaway One Credit Agreement, dated November 18, 2010, by and among Breakaway One, Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to amendment no. 4 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.51 
       
     First Amendment, dated May 31, 2012, to €529.8 million Breakaway One Credit Agreement, dated November 18, 2010, as amended, by and among Breakaway One, Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K filed on November 2, 2012 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.52 
       
     €529.8 million Breakaway Two Credit Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2010, by and among Breakaway Two, Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to amendment no. 4 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) + 
 
   


 
     62 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
     Exhibit 
     Number 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.53 
       
     First Amendment, dated December 21, 2010, to €529.8 million Breakaway Two Credit Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2010, by and among Breakaway Two, Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and a related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to amendment no. 2 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on January 31, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.54 
       
     Second Amendment, dated May 31, 2012, to €529.8 million Breakaway Two Credit Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2010, by and among Breakaway Two, Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K filed on November 2, 2012 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.55 
       
     €126.1 million Pride of Hawai’i Credit Agreement, dated November 18, 2010, by and among Pride of Hawaii, LLC and a syndicate of international banks and related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to amendment no. 4 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.56 
       
     First Amendment, dated November 29, 2011, to €126.1 million Pride of Hawai’i Credit Agreement, dated November 18, 2010, as amended, by and among Pride of Hawaii, LLC and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.59 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on February 22, 2012 (File No. 333-128780)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.57 
       
     Second Amendment, dated May 31, 2012, to €126.1 million Pride of Hawai’i Credit Agreement, dated November 18, 2010, as amended, by and among Pride of Hawaii, LLC and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K filed on November 2, 2012 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.58 
       
     Third Supplemental Deed, dated June 21, 2013 to €126.1 million Pride of Hawai’i Credit Agreement dated as of November 18, 2010 (as amended), by and among Pride of Hawaii, LLC, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, KFW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as facility agent, collateral agent and Hermes agent, and a syndicate of financial institutions party thereto as lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s report on Form 8-K/A filed on July 11, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.59 
       
     €126.1 million Norwegian Jewel Credit Agreement, dated November 18, 2010, by and among Norwegian Jewel Limited and a syndicate of international banks and related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to amendment no. 4 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.60 
       
     First Amendment, dated November 29, 2011, to €126.1 million Norwegian Jewel Credit Agreement, dated November 18, 2010, as amended, by and among Norwegian Jewel Limited and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.58 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on February 22, 2012 (File No. 333-128780)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.61 
       
     Second Amendment, dated May 31, 2012, to €126.1 million Norwegian Jewel Credit Agreement, dated November 18, 2010, as amended, by and among Norwegian Jewel Limited and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K filed on November 2, 2012 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.62 
       
     Third Supplemental Deed, dated June 21, 2013 to €126.1 million Norwegian Jewel Credit Agreement dated as of November 18, 2010 (as amended), by and among Norwegian Jewel Limited, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, KFW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as facility agent and collateral agent, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, as the Hermes Agent, and a syndicate of financial institutions party thereto as lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s report on Form 8-K/A filed on July 11, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.63 
       
     €590.5 million Breakaway Three Credit Agreement, dated October 12, 2012, by and among Breakaway Three, Ltd. and various other lenders therein defined and a related Guaranty by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K/A filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.64 
       
     €590.5 million Breakaway Four Credit Agreement, dated October 12, 2012, by and among Breakaway Four, Ltd. and various other lenders therein defined and a related Guaranty by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K/A filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
   


 
     63 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
     Exhibit 
     Number 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.65 
       
     Credit Agreement dated as of May 24, 2013, by and among NCL Corporation Ltd., Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as administrative agent and as collateral agent, DNB Bank ASA and Nordea Bank Finland Plc, New York Branch, as co-syndication agents, and a syndicate of other banks party thereto as joint bookrunners, arrangers, co-documentation agents and lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s report on Form 8-K/A filed on July 11, 2013 (File No. 001-35784 )) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.66** 
       
     Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2014, but effective as of November 19, 2014, by and among NCL Corporation Ltd., as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent, DNB Bank ASA and Nordea Bank Finland Plc, New York Branch, as co-syndication agents, and a syndicate of other banks party thereto as joint bookrunners, arrangers, co-documentation agents and lenders # 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.67** 
       
     Term B Incremental Assumption Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2014, by and among JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Term B lender and administrative agent, NCL Corporation Ltd and Voyager Vessel Company, LLC, as the borrowers # 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.68 
       
     Addendum No. 2, dated July 8, 2014, to Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, as amended, by and among Meyer Werft GmbH, Seahawk One, Ltd. and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.69 
       
     Addendum No. 2, dated July 8, 2014, to Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, as amended, by and among Meyer Werft GmbH, Seahawk Two, Ltd. and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.70 
       
     €665.9 million Seahawk One Credit Agreement, dated July 14, 2014, by and among Seahawk One, Ltd. and various other lenders therein defined and a related guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.71 
       
     €665.9 million Seahawk Two Credit Agreement, dated July 14, 2014, by and among Seahawk Two, Ltd. and various other lenders therein defined and a related guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.72** 
       
     Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated October 31, 2014, but effective as of November 19, 2014, relating to the loan agreement originally dated July 18, 2008, among Riviera New Build, LLC, as borrower, the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 1 as lenders, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale, as mandated lead arrangers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as agent and SACE agent # 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.73** 
       
     Guarantee relating to the loan agreement dated July 18, 2008 in respect of the Oceania Riviera, dated October 31, 2014, but effective November 19, 2014, among NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 1 as lenders, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale, as mandated lead arrangers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as agent # 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.74** 
       
     Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated October 31, 2014, but effective as of November 19, 2014, relating to the loan agreement originally dated July 18, 2008, among Marina New Build, LLC, as borrower, the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 1 as lenders, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale, as mandated lead arrangers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as agent and SACE agent # 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.75** 
       
     Guarantee relating to the loan agreement dated July 18, 2008 in respect of the Oceania Marina, dated October 31, 2014, but effective November 19, 2014, among NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 1 as lenders, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale, as mandated lead arrangers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as agent # 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.76** 
       
     Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated October 31, 2014, but effective as of November 19, 2014, relating to the loan agreement originally dated July 31, 2013, among Explorer New Build, LLC, as borrower, the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 1 as lenders, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Société Générale, HSBC Bank plc, KFW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as joint mandated lead arrangers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as agent, SACE agent and security trustee # 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.77** 
       
     Guarantee relating to the loan agreement dated July 31, 2013 in respect of the Seven Seas Explorer, dated October 31, 2014, but effective November 19, 2014, among NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as security trustee  
 
       
       
       
 
       10.78** 
       
     Shipbuilding Contract, dated June 21, 2013, between Fincantieri Cantieri Navali Italiani SpA and Explorer New Build, LLC # 
 
   


 
     64 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
     Exhibit 
     Number 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.79 
       
     Amended and Restated Regent Trademark License Agreement, dated February 21, 2011, by and between Regent Hospitality Worldwide, LLC and Seven Seas Cruises, S. DE R.L. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Prestige Cruises International, Inc.’s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed on March 24, 2014 (File No. 333-193479)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.80 
       
     Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Kevin M. Sheehan, entered into on June 6, 2013, and effective on April 1, 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s report on Form 10-Q Filed on July 30, 2013 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.81 
       
     Separation Agreement and Release among Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Kevin M. Sheehan, entered into as of January 8, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on January 9, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.82 
       
     Employment Agreement by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Wendy A. Beck, entered into on October 21, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to amendment no. 3 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on February 11, 2011 (File No. 333-170141))* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.83 
       
     Employment Agreement by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Andrew Stuart, entered into on July 9, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to amendment no. 3 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on February 11, 2011 (File No. 333-170141))* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.84 
       
     Employment Agreement by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Maria Miller, entered into on June 1, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to amendment no. 3 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on February 11, 2011 (File No. 333-170141))* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.85 
       
     Employment Agreement by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Robert Becker, entered into on March 17, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to amendment no. 3 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on February 11, 2011 (File No. 333-170141))* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.86 
       
     Employment Agreement by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Andrew Madsen, entered into on October 13, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.87 
       
     Employment Agreement by and between Prestige Cruise Holdings, Inc. and Jason M. Montague, entered into on November 28, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.88 
       
     Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement by and between Oceania Cruises, Inc. and Frank J. Del Rio, entered into on June 5, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Seven Seas Cruises S. DE R.L.’s Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2014 (File No. 333-178244))* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.89** 
       
     Letter Regarding Frank Del Rio’s Executive Employment Agreement, dated September 2, 2014* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.90** 
       
     Employment Agreement by and between Prestige Cruise Holdings, Inc. and Kunal Kamlani, entered into on November 19, 2014* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.91 
       
     NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. Senior Management Retirement Savings Plan, amended and restated as of January 1, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to amendment no. 3 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on February 11, 2011 (File No. 333-170141))* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.92 
       
     NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, amended and restated as of January 1, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to amendment no. 3 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on February 11, 2011 (File No. 333-170141))* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.93 
       
     Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. and each of its directors, executive officers and certain other officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.89 to amendment no. 5 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-175579)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.94 
       
     Memorandum of Agreement, dated June 1, 2012, and Addendum No. 1 thereto, dated June 1, 2012, entered into by and among Norwegian Sky, Ltd. and the parties named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K filed on November 2, 2012 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
   


 
     65 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
     Exhibit 
     Number 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.95 
       
     Form of Profits Sharing Agreement Award Notice (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.92 to amendment no. 5 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-175579))* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.96 
       
     Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. 2013 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.93 to amendment no. 5 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-175579))* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.97 
       
     Form of Notice of Grant of Option and Terms and Conditions of Option (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2013 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.98 
       
     Contribution and Exchange Agreement by and among Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, Ltd., TPG Viking I, L.P., TPG Viking II, L.P. and TPG Viking AIV III, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.99 
       
     Contribution and Exchange Agreement by and among Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, Ltd., NCL Investment Limited and NCL Investment II Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.100 
       
     Contribution and Exchange Agreement by and between Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, Ltd., and Star NCLC Holdings Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.101 
       
     Amended and Restated United States Tax Agreement for NCL Corporation Ltd. (including Annex A-Form Exchange Agreement for NCL Corporation Ltd.) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.102 
       
     
         First Amendment to the Amended and Restated United States Tax
        Agreement for NCL Corporation Ltd., dated April 9, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise
        Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2014 (File No. 001-35784)) 
           
 
       10.103 
       
     Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated United States Tax Agreement for NCL Corporation Ltd., dated September 29, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))  
 
       
       
       
 
       10.104** 
       
     Second Amended and Restated United States Tax Agreement for NCL Corporation Ltd. (including Annex A First Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement for NCL Corporation Ltd.), dated November 12, 2014 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.105 
       
     Form of Director Restricted Share Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on July 30, 2013 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.106 
       
     Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on July 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35784)) * 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.107** 
       
     Form of Management Exchange Agreement* 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.108** 
       
     Directors’ Compensation Policy* 
 
       
       
       
 
       21.1** 
       
     List of Subsidiaries of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. 
 
       
       
       
 
       23.1** 
       
     Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered certified public accounting firm 
 
       
       
       
 
       24.1** 
       
     Power of Attorney (included on Signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 
       
       
       
 
       31.1** 
       
     Certification of the Annual Report Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
       
       
       
 
       31.2** 
       
     Certification of the Annual Report Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
   


 
     66 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
     Exhibit 
     Number 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 
 
       
       
       
 
       32.1*** 
       
     Certification of the Annual Report Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

 
       
       
       



 
       101** 
       
     The following materials from Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL), as follows: (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations of NCLH for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income of NCLH for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012; (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets of NCLH as of December 31, 2014 and 2013; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of NCLH for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012; (v) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity of NCLH for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012; (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements; and (vii) Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts tagged in summary and detail. 
 
   

   

 

 
 + Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed
separately with the SEC. 

 
 # Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed
separately with the SEC. 

 
 * Management contract or compensatory plan. 

 
 ** Filed herewith. 

 
 *** Furnished herewith. 

   


 
     67 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Schedule
II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (in thousands) 

   

   

 
 
         
           
     Additions     
           
         
 
     Description   
     Balance  12/31/11     
     Charged to     
     Charged to     
     Deductions     
     Balance  12/31/12   
 
         
           
     costs and  expenses     
     other accounts(a)     
           
         
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets	   
     $ 97,911     
     $ —     
     $ 15,284     
     $ —     
     $ 113,195   
 

   

   

 

 
 (a) Amount relates to (i) utilization of deferred tax assets and (ii) revaluation of deferred tax assets from their functional
currency to USD. 

   

 
 
         
           
     Additions     
           
         
 
     Description   
     Balance  12/31/12     
     Charged to     
     Charged to     
     Deductions (a)     
     Balance  12/31/13   
 
         
           
     costs and  expenses     
     other accounts -     
           
         
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets	   
     $ 113,195     
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ (28,500 )   
     $ 84,695   
 

   

   

 

 
 (a) Amount relates to (i) utilization of deferred tax assets and (ii) revaluation of deferred tax assets from their functional
currency to USD. 

   

 
 
         
           
     Additions     
           
         
 
     Description   
     Balance 
    12/31/13     
     Charged to     
     Charged
    to     
     Deductions
    (a)     
     Balance 
    12/31/14   
 
         
           
     costs and  expenses     
     other accounts -     
           
         
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets	   
     $ 84,695     
     $       —  	     
     $ 47,032     
     $ (50,023 )   
     $ 81,704   
 

   

   

 

 
 (a) Amount relates to (i) utilization of deferred tax assets and (ii) revaluation of deferred tax assets from their functional
currency to USD. 

   


 
     68 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

   

 
 
       
     Page 
 
       
       
 
     Report of Independent Registered Certified Public Accounting Firm 
     F-1 
 
       
       
 
     Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
     F-2 
 
       
       
 
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
     F-3 
 
       
       
 
     Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 
     F-4 
 
       
       
 
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
     F-5 
 
       
       
 
     Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
     F-6 
 
       
       
 
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
     F-7 
 
   


 
     69 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Report of Independent Registered Certified
Public Accounting Firm 

   

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Norwegian Cruise
Line Holdings Ltd. 

   

 In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders’ equity, and cash flows
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. and its subsidiaries at
December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2014 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition,
in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15 presents fairly, in all material respects,
the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion,
the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014,
based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework   (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is responsible for these financial statements and
financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement
schedule, and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits (which were integrated audits).
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

   

 A company’s internal control over financial reporting
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements. 

   

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

   

 As described in Management’s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A, management has excluded the Prestige Cruises International,
Inc. business from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014 because the Company
acquired Prestige Cruises International, Inc. in November 2014. We have also excluded the Prestige Cruises International, Inc.
business from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Prestige Cruises International, Inc.is a wholly owned subsidiary
whose total assets and total revenues represent 19.7% and 3.6%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement
amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2014. 

   

 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 Miami, Florida 

 February 27, 2015 

   


 
     F- 1 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  

 Consolidated Statements of Operations  

 (in thousands, except share and per share data)  

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Revenue   
             
             
           
 
     Passenger ticket   
     $ 2,212,547     
     $ 1,815,869     
     $ 1,604,563   
 
     Onboard and other   
       913,334     
       754,425     
       671,683   
 
     Total revenue   
       3,125,881     
       2,570,294     
       2,276,246   
 
     Cruise operating expense   
             
             
           
 
     Commissions, transportation and other   
       503,722     
       455,816     
       410,531   
 
     Onboard and other   
       224,000     
       195,526     
       173,916   
 
     Payroll and related   
       452,647     
       340,430     
       293,059   
 
     Fuel   
       326,231     
       303,439     
       283,678   
 
     Food   
       168,240     
       136,785     
       125,807   
 
     Other   
       271,784     
       225,663     
       191,442   
 
     Total cruise operating expense   
       1,946,624     
       1,657,659     
       1,478,433   
 
     Other operating expense   
             
             
           
 
     Marketing, general and administrative   
       403,169     
       301,155     
       251,183   
 
     Depreciation and amortization   
       273,147     
       215,593     
       189,537   
 
     Total other operating expense   
       676,316     
       516,748     
       440,720   
 
     Operating income   
       502,941     
       395,887     
       357,093   
 
     Non-operating income (expense)   
             
             
           
 
     Interest expense, net   
       (151,754 )   
       (282,602 )   
       (189,930 ) 
 
     Other income (expense)   
       (10,853 )   
       1,403     
       2,099   
 
     Total non-operating income (expense)   
       (162,607 )   
       (281,199 )   
       (187,831 ) 
 
     Net income before income taxes   
       340,334     
       114,688     
       169,262   
 
     Income tax benefit (expense)   
       2,267     
       (11,802 )   
       (706 ) 
 
     Net income   
       342,601     
       102,886     
       168,556   
 
     Net income attributable to non-controlling interest   
       4,249     
       1,172     
       —   
 
     Net income attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
     $ 338,352     
     $ 101,714     
     $ 168,556   
 
     Weighted-average shares outstanding (1)   
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
       206,524,968     
       202,993,839     
       178,232,850   
 
     Diluted   
       212,017,784     
       209,239,484     
       179,023,683   
 
     Earnings per share   
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
     $ 1.64     
     $ 0.50     
     $ 0.95   
 
     Diluted   
     $ 1.62     
     $ 0.49     
     $ 0.94   
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) In 2013 and 2012, we retrospectively applied the exchange of ordinary shares due to the Corporate Reorganization as the effect
is substantially the same as a stock split. 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 2 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  

 (in thousands)  

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Net income   
     $ 342,601     
     $ 102,886     
     $ 168,556   
 
     Other comprehensive income (loss):   
             
             
           
 
     Shipboard Retirement Plan   
       (2,311 )   
       2,538     
       (1,330 ) 
 
     Cash flow hedges:   
             
             
           
 
     Net unrealized gain (loss) related to cash flow hedges   
       (238,436 )   
       2,247     
       19,907   
 
     Amount realized and reclassified into earnings   
       13,354     
       (4,128 )   
       (16,402 ) 
 
     Total other comprehensive income (loss)   
       (227,393 )   
       657     
       2,175   
 
     Total comprehensive income   
       115,208     
       103,543     
       170,731   
 
     Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest   
       2,808     
       900     
       —   
 
     Comprehensive income attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
     $ 112,400     
     $ 102,643     
     $ 170,731   
 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 3 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  

 Consolidated Balance Sheets  

 (in thousands, except share data)  

   

 
 
         
     December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Assets   
             
           
 
     Current assets:   
             
           
 
     Cash and cash equivalents   
     $ 84,824     
     $ 56,467   
 
     Accounts receivable, net   
       32,432     
       18,260   
 
     Inventories   
       56,555     
       43,715   
 
     Prepaid expenses and other assets   
       109,924     
       64,482   
 
     Total current assets   
       283,735     
       182,924   
 
     Property and equipment, net   
       8,623,773     
       5,647,670   
 
     Goodwill and intangible assets   
       2,383,928     
       611,330   
 
     Other long-term assets   
       281,641     
       209,054   
 
     Total assets   
     $ 11,573,077     
     $ 6,650,978   
 
     Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity   
             
           
 
     Current liabilities:   
             
           
 
     Current portion of long-term debt   
     $ 576,947     
     $ 286,575   
 
     Accounts payable   
       101,983     
       86,788   
 
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
       552,514     
       253,752   
 
     Due to Affiliate   
       37,948     
       36,544   
 
     Advance ticket sales   
       817,207     
       411,829   
 
     Total current liabilities   
       2,086,599     
       1,075,488   
 
     Long-term debt   
       5,607,157     
       2,841,214   
 
     Due to Affiliate   
       18,544     
       55,128   
 
     Other long-term liabilities   
       341,964     
       47,882   
 
     Total liabilities   
       8,054,264     
       4,019,712   
 
     Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)   
             
           
 
     Shareholders’ equity:   
             
           
 
     Ordinary shares $.001 par value; 490,000,000 shares authorized; 230,116,780 shares issued and 227,630,430 shares outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 205,160,340 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2013   
       230     
       205   
 
     Additional paid-in capital   
       3,702,344     
       2,822,864   
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   
       (242,642 )   
       (16,690 ) 
 
     Retained earnings (deficit)   
       140,881     
       (197,471 ) 
 
     Treasury shares (2,486,350 ordinary shares at cost)   
       (82,000 )   
       —   
 
     Total shareholders’ equity controlling interest   
       3,518,813     
       2,608,908   
 
     Non-controlling interest   
       —     
       22,358   
 
     Total shareholders’ equity   
       3,518,813     
       2,631,266   
 
     Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity   
     $ 11,573,077     
     $ 6,650,978   
 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 4 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

 (in thousands)  

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Cash flows from operating activities   
             
             
           
 
     Net income   
     $ 342,601     
     $ 102,886     
     $ 168,556   
 
     Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Depreciation and amortization expense   
       304,877     
       245,111     
       216,137   
 
     Loss (gain) on derivatives   
       7,274     
       (861 )   
       1,945   
 
     Deferred income taxes, net   
       6,187     
       2,844     
       —   
 
     Write-off of financing fees   
       15,628     
       36,357     
       2,358   
 
     Share-based compensation expense   
       14,617     
       23,075     
       5,160   
 
     Premium on debt issuance   
       —     
       —     
       6,000   
 
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities excluding the impact of the Acquisition of Prestige:   
             
             
           
 
     Accounts receivable, net   
       (7,256 )   
       (3,198 )   
       (4,592 ) 
 
     Inventories   
       (261 )   
       (4,034 )   
       (3,447 ) 
 
     Prepaid expenses and other assets   
       (6,373 )   
       (15,667 )   
       (3,490 ) 
 
     Accounts payable   
       315     
       7,662     
       (1,228 ) 
 
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
       (18,061 )   
       25,925     
       (3,107 ) 
 
     Advance ticket sales   
       (23,947 )   
       55,181     
       14,302   
 
     Net cash provided by operating activities   
       635,601     
       475,281     
       398,594   
 
     Cash flows from investing activities   
             
             
           
 
     Acquisition of Prestige   
       (826,686 )   
       —     
       —   
 
     Additions to property and equipment and other   
       (1,051,974 )   
       (894,851 )   
       (303,840 ) 
 
     Net cash used in investing activities   
       (1,878,660 )   
       (894,851 )   
       (303,840 ) 
 
     Cash flows from financing activities   
             
             
           
 
     Repayments of long-term debt   
       (1,688,720 )   
       (2,393,613 )   
       (859,422 ) 
 
     Repayments to Affiliate   
       (37,043 )   
       (116,694 )   
       —   
 
     Proceeds from long-term debt   
       3,189,721     
       2,522,311     
       800,618   
 
     Proceeds from the issuance of ordinary shares, net   
       —     
       473,914     
       —   
 
     Proceeds from the exercise of share options   
       5,857     
       2,020     
       —   
 
     Purchases of treasury shares   
       (82,000 )   
       —     
       —   
 
     NCLC partnership tax distributions   
       (218 )   
       —     
       —   
 
     Deferred financing fees and other   
       (116,181 )   
       (57,401 )   
       (49,376 ) 
 
     Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities   
       1,271,416     
       430,537     
       (108,180 ) 
 
     Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   
       28,357     
       10,967     
       (13,426 ) 
 
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year   
       56,467     
       45,500     
       58,926   
 
     Cash and cash equivalents at end of year   
     $ 84,824     
     $ 56,467     
     $ 45,500   
 
     Supplemental disclosures (Note 13)   
             
             
           
 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 5 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’
Equity  

 (in thousands)  

 
 
         
     Ordinary 
    Shares     
     Additional 
    Paid-in  Capital     
     Accumulated 
    Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)     
     Retained 
    Earnings  (Deficit)     
     Treasury 
    Shares     
     Non-controlling 
    Interest     
     Total 
    Shareholders’  Equity   
 
     Balance, December 31,
    2011   
     $ 25     
     $ 2,324,167     
     $ (19,794 )   
     $ (467,741 )   
     $ —     
     $ 7,806     
     $ 1,844,463   
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Share-based compensation   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       660     
       660   
 
     Transactions with Affiliates,
    net   
       —     
       2,930     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       2,930   
 
     Other comprehensive income   
       —     
       —     
       2,175     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       2,175   
 
     Net
    income   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       168,556     
       —     
       —     
       168,556   
 
     Balance, December 31,
    2012   
     25     
       2,327,097     
       (17,619 )   
       (299,185 )   
       —     
       8,466     
       2,018,784   
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Share-based compensation   
       —     
       33,056     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       19     
       33,075   
 
     Transactions with Affiliates,
    net   
       —     
       (70 )   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (70 ) 
 
     Corporate Reorganization   
       —     
       (20,176 )   
             
             
             
       20,176     
       —   
 
     IPO proceeds, net   
       179     
       473,735     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       473,914   
 
     Proceeds from the exercise of share options   
       1     
       2,019     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       2,020   
 
     Other comprehensive income   
       —     
       —     
       929     
       —     
       —     
       (272 )   
       657   
 
     Net income   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       101,714     
       —     
       1,172     
       102,886   
 
     Transfers
    from non-controlling interest   
       —     
       7,203     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (7,203 )   
       —   
 
     Balance, December 31,
    2013   
       205     
       2,822,864     
       (16,690 )   
       (197,471 )   
       —     
     22,358     
       2,631,266   
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Share-based compensation   
       —     
       14,617     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       14,617   
 
     Transactions with Affiliates,
    net   
       —     
       (59 )   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (59 ) 
 
     NCLC partnership tax distributions   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (218 )   
       (218 ) 
 
     Proceeds from the exercise of share options   
       1     
       5,856     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       5,857   
 
     Treasury shares   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (82,000 )   
       —     
       (82,000 ) 
 
     Acquisition of Prestige   
       20     
       834,122     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       834,142   
 
     Other comprehensive loss   
       —     
       —     
       (225,952 )   
       —     
       —     
       (1,441 )   
       (227,393 ) 
 
     Net income   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       338,352     
       —     
       4,249     
       342,601   
 
     Transfers
    from non-controlling interest   
       4     
       24,944     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (24,948 )   
       —   
 
     Balance,
    December 31, 2014   
     $ 230     
     $ 3,702,344     
     $ (242,642 )   
     $ 140,881     
     $ (82,000 )   
     $ —     
     $ 3,518,813   
 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 6 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  

   

 
 1. Description of Business and Organization  

   

 NCLH is a diversified cruise operator of leading
global cruise lines spanning market segments from contemporary to luxury under the Norwegian, Oceania and Regent brands. These
brands operate 21 ships with approximately 40,000 Berths visiting 420 worldwide destinations. The Company’s brands will
introduce six additional ships through 2019 increasing the total Berths to approximately 58,000. Norwegian is the innovator
in cruise travel with a history of breaking the boundaries of traditional cruising, most notably with the introduction of “Freestyle
Cruising,” which revolutionized the industry by giving guests more freedom and flexibility on the most contemporary ships
at sea. Oceania is the market leader in the upper-premium cruise segment featuring the finest cuisine at sea, elegant accommodations,
impeccable service and destination-driven itineraries. Regent is the market leader in the luxury cruise segment with all-suite
accommodations, highly personalized service and the industry’s most inclusive luxury experience featuring round-trip air,
fine wines and spirits and unlimited shore excursions among its numerous included amenities. 

   

 Norwegian commenced operations from Miami in 1966.
In February 2000, Genting HK acquired control of and subsequently became the sole owner of the Norwegian operations. 

   

 In January 2008, the Apollo Funds acquired 50% of
the outstanding ordinary share capital of NCLC. As part of this investment, the Apollo Funds assumed control of NCLC’s Board
of Directors. Also, in January 2008, the TPG Viking Funds acquired, in the aggregate, 12.5% of NCLC’s outstanding share capital
from the Apollo Funds. 

   

 In February 2011, NCLH, a Bermuda limited company,
was formed with the issuance to the Sponsors of, in aggregate, 10,000 ordinary shares, with a par value of $.001 per share. On
January 24, 2013, NCLH consummated the IPO. In connection with the consummation of the IPO, the Sponsors’ ordinary shares
in NCLC were exchanged for the ordinary shares of NCLH at a share exchange ratio of 1.0 to 8.42565 and NCLH became the owner of
100% of the ordinary shares and parent company of NCLC (the “Corporate Reorganization”). Accordingly, NCLH contributed
$460.0 million to NCLC and the historical financial statements of NCLC became those of NCLH. The Corporate Reorganization was effected
solely for the purpose of reorganizing our corporate structure. NCLH had not prior to the completion of the Corporate Reorganization
conducted any activities other than those incidental to its formation and to preparations for the Corporate Reorganization and
IPO. The Corporate Reorganization resulted in all parties being in the same economic position as they were immediately prior to
the IPO. As the economic position of the investors did not change as part of the Corporate Reorganization it is considered a nonsubstantive
merger from an accounting perspective. 

   

 As a result of the Corporate Reorganization, NCLC
was treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the terms of the partnership (including the economic rights
with respect thereto) are set forth in an amended and restated tax agreement for NCLC. Economic interests in NCLC were represented
by the partnership interests established under the tax agreement, which we refer to as “NCL Corporation Units.” The
NCL Corporation Units held by NCLH (as a result of its ownership of 100% of the ordinary shares of NCLC) represented a 97.3% economic
interest in NCLC as of the consummation of the IPO. The remaining 2.7% economic interest in NCLC as of the consummation of the
IPO was in the form of Management NCL Corporation Units held by management (or former management). 

   

 In March 2014, December 2013 and August
2013 the Sponsors completed the Secondary Equity Offerings. 

   

 On November 19, 2014, we completed the Acquisition
of Prestige. We believe that the combination of Norwegian and Prestige creates a cruise operating company with a diversified product
portfolio and strong market presence (we refer you to Note—4 “The Acquisition of Prestige”). 

   

 In the fourth quarter of 2014, all Management NCL
Corporation Units were exchanged for NCLH ordinary shares and restricted shares. NCLH became the sole member and 100% owner of
the economic interests in NCLC and the non-controlling interest no longer exists. Accordingly, NCLC is now treated as a disregarded
entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. No new NCLC profits interests or Management NCL Corporation Units will be issued;
however, NCLH has granted, and expects to continue to grant, options to acquire its ordinary shares to our management team under
its long-term incentive plan. 

   

 As a result of the aforementioned transactions,
the Sponsors owned 56.0% of NCLH’s ordinary shares as of December 31, 2014 (we refer you to Note 8— “Related
Party Disclosures”). 

   

 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

   

 Basis of Presentation  

   

 Our consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and contain all normal recurring
adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the results for the periods presented. Estimates are required for the preparation
of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and actual results
could differ from these estimates. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. 

   


 
     F- 7 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 

   

 Cash and Cash Equivalents  

   

 Cash and cash equivalents are stated at cost, and
include cash and investments with original maturities of three months or less at acquisition and also include amounts due from
credit card processors. 

   

 Restricted Cash  

   

 Restricted cash consists of cash collateral in respect
of certain agreements and is included in prepaid expenses and other assets and other long-term assets in our consolidated balance
sheets. 

   

 Accounts Receivable, Net 

   

 Accounts receivable are shown net of an allowance
for doubtful accounts of $2.8 million and $1.8 million as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

   

 Inventories  

   

 Inventories mainly consist of provisions, supplies
and fuel and are carried at the lower of cost or market using the first-in, first-out method of accounting. 

   

 Advertising Costs  

   

 Advertising costs incurred that result in tangible
assets, including brochures, are treated as prepaid expenses and charged to expense as consumed. Advertising costs of $14.3 million
and $7.6 million as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, are included in prepaid expenses and other assets. Expenses
related to advertising costs totaled $122.5 million, $89.0 million and $83.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2014,
2013 and 2012, respectively. 

   

 Earnings Per Share  

   

 Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income attributable
to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. by the basic weighted-average number of shares outstanding during each period. Diluted EPS
is computed by dividing net income by diluted weighted-average shares outstanding. A reconciliation between basic and diluted EPS
was as follows (in thousands, except share and per share data): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Net income attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd..   
     $ 338,352     
     $ 101,714     
     $ 168,556   
 
     Net income   
     $ 342,601     
     $ 102,886     
     $ 168,556   
 
     Basic weighted-average shares outstanding (1)   
       206,524,968     
       202,993,839     
       178,232,850   
 
     Potentially dilutive shares   
       5,492,816     
       6,245,645     
       790,833   
 
     Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding (1)   
       212,017,784     
       209,239,484     
       179,023,683   
 
     Basic EPS   
     $ 1.64     
     $ 0.50     
     $ 0.95   
 
     Diluted EPS   
     $ 1.62     
     $ 0.49     
     $ 0.94   
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) In 2013 and 2012, we retrospectively applied the exchange of ordinary shares due to the Corporate Reorganization as the effect
is substantially the same as a stock split. 

   

 Property and Equipment, Net 

   

 Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Major
renewals and improvements that we believe add value to our ships are capitalized as a cost of the ship while costs of repairs and
maintenance, including Dry-dock costs, are charged to expense as incurred. During ship construction, certain interest is capitalized
as a cost of the ship. Gains or losses on the sale of property and equipment are recorded as a component of operating income (expense)
in our consolidated statements of operations. 

   

 Depreciation is computed on the straight-line basis
over the estimated useful lives of the assets and after a 15% reduction for the estimated residual values of ships as follows: 

   


 
     F- 8 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
       
     Useful Life 
 
     Ships 
     30 years 
 
     Computer hardware and software 
     3-10 years 
 
     Other property and equipment 
     3-40 years 
 
     Leasehold improvements 
     Shorter of lease term or asset life 
 
   

 Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line
basis over the shorter of the lease term or related asset life. 

   

 Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment, based
on estimated future cash flows, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not
be recoverable. Assets are grouped and evaluated at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely
independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. We consider historical performance and future estimated results in our
evaluation of potential impairment and then compare the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future cash flows expected
to result from the use of the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds estimated expected undiscounted future cash flows,
we measure the amount of the impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its fair value. We estimate fair value
based on the best information available making whatever estimates, judgments and projections are considered necessary. The estimation
of fair value is generally measured by discounting expected future cash flows at discount rates commensurate with the risk involved. 

 

   

 Goodwill and Tradenames 

   

 Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the
fair value of net assets acquired. We review goodwill and our tradenames for impairment annually as of December 31 or whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill and our tradenames may not be fully recoverable. 

   

 We have concluded that our business has a single
reportable segment. Each brand, Oceania, Regent and Norwegian, constitutes a business for which discrete financial information
is available and management regularly reviews the operating results and, therefore, each brand is considered an operating segment.
Our operating segments have similar economic characteristics, including similar margins and similar products and services; therefore,
we aggregate all of the operating segments into one reportable segment. 

   

 The impairment review of goodwill is based on a
combined approach using the expected future cash flows of our operating segments and market multiples to determine the fair values
of our reporting units. Our discounted cash flow valuation reflects our projection for growth and profitability, taking into account
our assessment of future market conditions and demand, as well as a determination of a cost of capital that incorporates both business
and financial risks. We believe that the combined approach is the most representative method to assess fair value as it utilizes
expectations of long-term growth as well as current market conditions. 

   

 Revenue and Expense Recognition  

   

 Deposits received from guests for future voyages
are recorded as advance ticket sales and are subsequently recognized as passenger ticket revenue along with onboard and other revenue,
and all associated direct costs of a voyage are recognized as cruise operating expenses on a pro rata basis over the period of
the voyage. 

   

 Revenue and expenses include taxes assessed by a
governmental authority that are directly imposed on a revenue-producing transaction between a seller and a customer. The amounts
included on a gross basis are $191.4 million, $147.6 million and $133.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013
and 2012, respectively. 

   

 Foreign Currency  

   

 The majority of our transactions are settled in
U.S. dollars. We translate assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet
date. Gains or losses resulting from transactions denominated in other currencies are recognized in our consolidated statements
of operations within other income (expense) and such gains or losses were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2014,
2013 and 2012. 

   

 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activity  

   

 We enter into derivative contracts, primarily forward,
swap, option and three-way collar contracts, to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest
rates and fuel prices. The criteria used to determine whether a transaction qualifies for hedge accounting treatment includes the
correlation between fluctuations in the fair value of the hedged item and the fair value of the related derivative instrument and
its effectiveness as a hedge. As the derivative is marked to fair 

   


 
     F- 9 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 value, we elected an accounting policy to net the
fair value of our derivatives when a master netting arrangement exists with our counterparties. 

   

 A derivative instrument that hedges a forecasted
transaction or the variability of cash flows related to a recognized asset or liability may be designated as a cash flow hedge.
Changes in fair value of derivative instruments that are designated as cash flow hedges are recorded as a component of accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) until the underlying hedged transactions are recognized in earnings. To the extent that an instrument
is not effective as a hedge, gains and losses are recognized in other income (expense) in our consolidated statements of operations.
Realized gains and losses related to our fuel hedges are recognized in fuel expense. For presentation in our statement of cash
flows, we have elected to classify the cash flows from our cash flow hedges in the same category as the cash flows from the items
being hedged. 

   

 Concentrations of Credit Risk  

   

 We monitor concentrations of credit risk associated
with financial and other institutions with which we conduct significant business. Credit risk, including but not limited to counterparty
non-performance under derivative instruments, our revolving credit facility and new ship progress payment guarantees, is not considered
significant, as we primarily conduct business with large, well-established financial institutions and insurance companies that
we have well-established relationships with and that have credit risks acceptable to us or the credit risk is spread out among
a large number of creditors. We do not anticipate non-performance by any of our significant counterparties. 

   

 Insurance  

   

 We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance
for a number of risks including claims related to crew and guests, hull and machinery, war risk, workers’ compensation, property
damage and general liability. Liabilities associated with certain of these risks, including crew and passenger claims, are estimated
actuarially based upon known facts, historical trends and a reasonable estimate of future expenses. While we believe these accruals
are adequate, the ultimate losses incurred may differ from those recorded. 

   

 Income Taxes  

   

 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated
in accordance with the liability method. Deferred taxes are recorded using the currently enacted tax rates that apply in the periods
that the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred taxes are not discounted. 

   

 We provide a valuation allowance on deferred tax
assets when it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. With respect to acquired deferred tax assets, future
reversals of the valuation allowance will first be applied against goodwill and other intangible assets before recognition of a
benefit in our consolidated statements of operations. 

   

 Share-Based Compensation  

   

 We recognize expense for our share-based compensation
awards using a fair-value-based method. Share-based compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period for awards
that are based on service period and not contingent upon any future performance. We refer you to Note 10—“Employee
Benefits and Share Option Plans.” 

   

 Segment Reporting  

   

 We have concluded that our business has a single
reportable segment. Each brand, Oceania, Regent and Norwegian, constitutes a business for which discrete financial information
is available and management regularly reviews the operating results and, therefore, each brand is considered an operating segment.
Our operating segments have similar economic characteristics, including similar margins and similar products and services; therefore,
we aggregate all of the operating segments into one reportable segment. 

   

 Although we sell cruises on an international basis,
our passenger ticket revenue is primarily attributed to guests who make reservations in North America. Revenue attributable to
North American guests was 80.1%, 79.9% and 80.5% for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
Substantially all of our long–lived assets are located outside of the U.S. and consist primarily of our ships. 

   

 Share Repurchases 

   

 On April 29, 2014, NCLH’s Board of Directors
authorized, and NCLH announced, a three-year share repurchase program for up to $500.0 million. NCLH may make repurchases in the
open market, in privately negotiated transactions, in accelerated repurchase programs or in structured share repurchase programs,
and any repurchases may be made pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans. Repurchased shares are recorded at cost as treasury shares. These
shares are not retired. There was no share repurchase activity during the three months ended December 31, 2014. 

   


 
     F- 10 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Recently Issued Accounting Policies 

   

 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, “Revenue
from Contracts with Customers.” ASU No. 2014-09 requires entities to recognize revenue through the application of a five-step
model, which includes identification of the contract, identification of the performance obligations, determination of the transaction
price, allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligation and recognition of revenue as the entity satisfies the
performance obligations. Entities have the option of using either a full retrospective or a modified approach to adopt the guidance.
ASU No. 2014-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim reporting periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016.
Early adoption is not permitted. We are currently evaluating the guidance to determine the potential impact of adopting ASU No.
2014-09 on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

   

 
 3. Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

   

 Goodwill and intangible assets increased due to
the Acquisition of Prestige by $985.1 million and $800.0 million, respectively. 

   

 The following table sets forth changes in the Company’s
goodwill due to the Acquisition of Prestige for the year ended December 31, 2014 (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Goodwill   
 
     Balance at December 31, 2013   
     $ 403,805   
 
     Goodwill assigned in purchase price allocations (see Note 4)   
       985,126   
 
     Balance at December 31, 2014   
     $ 1,388,931   
 

   

 The gross carrying amounts included within goodwill
and intangible assets, the related accumulated amortization and the weighted-average amortization periods of the Company’s
intangible assets are listed in the following table (in thousands, except amortization period): 

   

 
 
         
     December
    31, 2014   
 
         
     Gross 
    Carrying  Amount     
     Accumulated 
    Amortization     
     Weighted- 
Average 
    Amortization  Period (Years)   
 
     Customer relationships   
     $ 120,000     
     $ (4,556 )   
       6.0   
 
     Backlog   
       70,000     
       (7,972 )   
       1.0   
 
     Tradenames (Indefinite-lived)   
       817,525     
       —     
       N/A   
 
     Total intangible assets   
     $ 1,007,525     
     $ (12,528 )   
       4.2   
 

   

 The following table sets forth the Company’s
amortization of intangible assets (in thousands): 

   

 
 
     Year ended December 31,   
     Amortization 
    Expense   
 
     2015   
     $ 72,999   
 
     2016   
       21,066   
 
     2017   
       30,273   
 
     2018   
       24,889   
 
     2019   
       18,414   
 
     Thereafter   
       9,831   
 

   

 
 4. The Acquisition of Prestige  

   

 On September 2, 2014, NCLH entered into an
agreement with funds affiliated with Apollo and other owners to acquire 100% of the equity of Prestige. The combination of the
Norwegian and Prestige brands creates a diversified cruise operating company. Prestige’s Oceania and Regent brands focus
on providing guests with vacation experiences onboard eight mid-size cruise ships that operate in the upper premium and luxury
market segments. We plan to maintain the brand integrity of both Oceania and Regent to ensure a consistent upscale guest experience. 

   


 
     F- 11 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 The Acquisition of Prestige and the principal factors
that contribute to the recognition of goodwill are enhancements of our financial profile by creating a company with increased
economies of scale, greater operating leverage and synergies. These synergies include revenue enhancements and opportunities for
savings in various areas. The Acquisition of Prestige also creates a company with greater cash flow generation, accelerating the
ability to delever our balance sheet. 

   

 On November 19, 2014, we completed the
Acquisition of Prestige. Consideration consisted of $1.1 billion in cash and non-cash considerations of 19,969,889 NCLH
ordinary shares valued at $834.1 million based on the closing market price of NCLH’s shares as of November 18, 2014 and
contingent consideration valued at $43.4 million. In addition, we assumed debt of $1.6 billion from Prestige. The
contingent consideration arrangement subjects NCLH to an additional cash payment of up to $50 million upon achievement of
certain 2015 revenue milestones. The contingent consideration was valued using various projected 2015 revenue scenarios
weighted by the likelihood of each scenario occurring. The probability weighted payout was then discounted at an appropriate
discount rate commensurate for the risk of meeting the probabilistic cash flows. 

   

 Prestige is reported in our results of operations
for the period ended December 31, 2014 which includes approximately $111.7 million of revenue and approximately $19.7 million of
operating loss related to Prestige. 

   

 The excess of the cost of acquisition over the net
of amounts assigned to the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill, which is not
expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Our preliminary fair valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, is based
on all available information, including, in part, certain valuations and other analyses. Solely as a result of uncertainty related
to potential adjustments to the consideration allocation, which adjustments, if any, are not expected to be material to the consolidated
financial statements, the preliminary purchase price allocation is not finalized as of December 31, 2014. 

   

 Based on this preliminary fair valuation, the purchase
price is allocated as follows (in thousands): 

   

 Preliminary Consideration Allocated (in thousands): 

   

 Preliminary value assigned: 

   

 
 
     Accounts receivable   
     $ 6,916   
 
     Inventories   
       12,579   
 
     Prepaid expenses and other assets   
       48,670   
 
     Amortizable intangible assets   
       190,000   
 
     Property and equipment   
       2,175,039   
 
     Goodwill and tradenames   
       1,595,126   
 
     Other long-term assets   
       15,607   
 
     Current portion of long-term debt   
       (97,006 ) 
 
     Accounts payable   
       (14,880 ) 
 
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
       (190,256 ) 
 
     Advance ticket sales   
       (439,313 ) 
 
     Long-term debt   
       (1,456,038 ) 
 
     Other long-term liabilities   
       (142,216 ) 
 
     Total consideration allocated, net of $295.8 million of cash acquired   
     $ 1,704,228   
 

   

 Goodwill and intangible assets acquired include the following
(in thousands): 

   

 
 
     Goodwill   
     $ 985,126   
 
     Tradenames (indefinite lived)   
     610,000   
 
     Backlog (1 year amortization period)   
     70,000   
 
     Customer relationships (6 year amortization period)   
     120,000   
 

   

 Pro forma financial information (unaudited) 

   

 The following unaudited pro forma financial information
presents the combined results of operations of NCLH and Prestige as if the Acquisition of Prestige had occurred on January 1,
2013. The pro forma results presented below for 2014 and 2013 combine the historical results of NCLH and Prestige for 2014 and
2013. The unaudited pro forma financial information is not intended to represent or be indicative of our consolidated results
of operations or financial condition that would have been reported had the Acquisition of Prestige been completed as of January
1, 2013 and should not be taken as indicative of our future consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 

   

 The unaudited pro forma financial
information was as follows (in thousands, except per share data): 


   


 
     F- 12 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Total revenue   
     $ 4,310,079     
     $ 3,704,692   
 
     Net income (loss) attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
       497,020     
       (683 ) 
 
     Earnings per share: 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Basic 
       
     $ 
     2.21 
       
       
     $ 
     —   
       
 
     Dilutive 
       
     $ 
     2.19 
       
       
     $ 
     —   
       
 




 

   

 The unaudited pro forma financial information includes
non-recurring pro forma adjustments of $57.5 million in acquisition related expenses within Marketing, general and administrative
expense, a purchase price adjustment decreasing passenger ticket revenue by $48.9 million, $15.4 million of expenses related to
financing transactions in conjunction with the Acquisition of Prestige within interest expense and $70.0 million of amortization
related to the backlog intangible asset in the year ended December 31, 2013. 

   

 
 5. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

   

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for
the year ended December 31, 2014 was as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Accumulated 
    Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)     
     Change 
    Related to  Cash Flow  Hedges     
     Change 
    Related to  Shipboard  Retirement  Plan   
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at beginning of period   
     $ (16,690 )   
     $ (10,532 )   
     $ (6,158 ) 
 
     Current period other comprehensive loss before reclassifications   
       (239,597 )   
       (236,925 )   
       (2,672 ) 
 
     Amounts reclassified   
       13,645     
       13,269 (1)   
       376 (2) 
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at end of period   
     $ (242,642 )   
     $ (234,188 )(3)   
     $ (8,454 ) 
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) We refer you to Note 9—“Fair Value Measurements and
                                         Derivatives” for the affected line items in the consolidated statements
                                         of operations. 

 
 (2) Amortization of prior-service cost and actuarial loss reclassified to payroll and related expense. 

 
 (3) Of the existing amounts related to derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, approximately $102.7 million of loss is expected
to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months. 

   


 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for
the year ended December 31, 2013 was as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Accumulated 
    Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)     
     Change 
    Related to  Cash Flow  Hedges     
     Change 
    Related to  Shipboard  Retirement  Plan   
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at beginning of period   
     $ (17,619 )   
     $ (7,872 )   
     $ (9,747 ) 
 
     Current period other comprehensive income before
    reclassifications   
       6,104     
       3,177     
       2,927   
 
     Amounts reclassified   
       (5,175 )   
       (5,837 )(1)   
       662 (2) 
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at end of period   
     $ (16,690 )   
     $ (10,532 )   
     $ (6,158 ) 
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) We refer you to Note 9—“Fair Value Measurements and
                                         Derivatives” for the affected line items in the consolidated statements
                                         of operations. 

 
 (2) Amortization of prior-service cost and actuarial loss reclassified to payroll and related expense. 

   


 
     F- 13 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 6. Property and Equipment, Net 

   

 Property and equipment consisted of the following
(in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Ships   
     $ 9,706,093     
     $ 6,542,073   
 
     Ships under construction   
       290,381     
       297,624   
 
     Land   
       1,009     
       1,009   
 
     Other   
       351,377     
       273,077   
 
         
       10,348,860     
       7,113,783   
 
     Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization   
       (1,725,087 )   
       (1,466,113 ) 
 
     Total   
     $ 8,623,773     
     $ 5,647,670   
 

   

 Ships increased to $9.7 billion from $6.5 billion
primarily due to the Acquisition of Prestige as well as the addition of Norwegian Getaway. Depreciation and amortization
expense for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $273.1 million, $215.6 million and $189.5 million, respectively.
Repairs and maintenance expenses including Dry-dock expenses were $69.9 million, $67.1 million and $44.7 million for the years
ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

   

 Ships under construction include progress payments
to the shipyard, planning and design fees, loan interest and commitment fees and other associated costs. Interest costs associated
with the construction of ships that were capitalized during the construction period amounted to $22.0 million, $26.3 million and
$22.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

   

 In December 2014, an incident onboard
Oceania’s Insignia resulted in the cancellation of certain voyages. Repairs on the ship are on schedule for a return
to service in March 2015. This resulted in a reduction to diluted EPS for the full year 2014 of $0.02.  

   

 
 7. Long-Term Debt  

   

 Long-term debt consisted of the following: 

   

 
 
         
     Interest
    Rate  December 31,     
     Maturities     
     Balance 
    December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     Through     
     2014     
     2013   
 
         
           
           
           
     (in
    thousands)   
 
     €662.9 million Norwegian Epic term loan (1)   
       2.02 %   
       2.02 %   
       2022     
     $ 535,708     
     $ 599,996   
 
     $625.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility   
       2.16 - 2.17 %   
       2.16 - 2.17 %   
       2018     
       200,000     
       231,000   
 
     $350.0 million senior secured term loan facility   
       4.00 %   
       —     
       2021     
       350,000     
       —   
 
     $1,375.0 million term loan facility   
       2.17 %   
       2.17 %   
       2018     
       1,315,625     
       658,125   
 
     €308.1 million Pride of Hawai’i loan (1)   
       1.18 %   
       1.19 %   
       2018     
       130,194     
       167,392   
 
     $300.0 million 5.00% senior unsecured notes (2)   
       5.00 %   
       5.00 %   
       2018     
       298,926     
       298,618   
 
     $334.1 million Norwegian Jewel term loan   
       1.18 %   
       1.19 %   
       2017     
       81,065     
       108,087   
 
     €258.0 million Pride of America Hermes loan (1)   
       1.19 %   
       1.19 %   
       2017     
       63,526     
       88,936   
 
     €529.8 million Breakaway one loan (1)   
       1.84 %   
       1.84 %   
       2025     
       594,104     
       650,685   
 
     €529.8 million Breakaway two loan (1)   
       4.50 %   
       4.50 %   
       2026     
       666,808     
       144,947   
 
     €590.5 million Breakaway three loan (1)   
       2.98 %   
       2.98 %   
       2027     
       121,278     
       34,045   
 
     €590.5 million Breakaway four loan (1)   
       2.98 %   
       2.98 %   
       2029     
       35,057     
       35,057   
 
     €126 million Norwegian Jewel term loan(1)   
       1.18 %   
       1.14 - 1.19 %   
       2017     
       57,989     
       47,837   
 
     €126 million Norwegian Jade term loan(1)   
       1.18 %   
       1.14 - 1.19 %   
       2017     
       58,524     
       48,105   
 
     €666 million Seahawk 1 term loan(1)   
       3.92 %   
       —     
       2030     
       40,845     
       —   
 
     €666 million Seahawk 2 term loan(1)   
       3.92 %   
       —     
       2031     
       40,845     
       —   
 
     $680 million 5.25% senior unsecured notes   
       5.25 %   
       —     
       2019     
       680,000     
       —   
 
     Sirena loan   
       2.75 %   
       —     
       2019     
       82,000     
       —   
 
     Marina newbuild loan(3)   
       0.88 %   
       —     
       2023     
       379,868     
       —   
 
     Riviera newbuild loan(4)   
       0.87 %   
       —     
       2024     
       427,184     
       —   
 
     Capital lease obligations   
       1.62%-12.93 %   
       1.62 - 5.00 %   
       2022     
       24,558     
       14,959   
 
     Total debt   
             
             
             
       6,184,104     
       3,127,789   
 
     Less: current portion of long-term debt   
             
             
             
       (576,947 )   
       (286,575 ) 
 
     Total long-term debt   
             
             
             
     $  5,607,157     
     $  2,841,214   
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) Currently U.S. dollar-denominated. 

   


 
     F- 14 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 (2) Net of unamortized original issue discount of $1.1 million as of December 31, 2014. 

 
 (3) Includes premium of $0.4 million as of December 31, 2014. 

 
 (4) Includes premium of $0.5 million as of December 31, 2014. 

   

 In November 2014, concurrent with the Acquisition
of Prestige, NCLC and certain of its subsidiaries (i) borrowed an incremental $700.0 million under our $1,375.0 million term loan
facility (ii) entered into a $350.0 million senior secured term loan facility (iii) amended the Marina and Riviera newbuild loan
agreements to, among other things, permit the existing term loans or commitments thereunder to remain outstanding following the
Acquisition of Prestige, and (iv) issued the $680.0 million 5.25% senior unsecured notes. Also in November 2014, we borrowed $82.0
million related to the acquisition of Sirena. 

   

 In July 2014, we entered into the €666 million
Seahawk 1 term loan and the €666 million Seahawk 2 term loan to finance 80% of the contract price of two of our Breakaway
Plus Class Ships for delivery in the spring of 2018 and the fall of 2019. 

   

 We have export credit financing in place that provides
financing for 80% of the Seven Seas Explorer’s contract price. As of December 31, 2014, no borrowings were outstanding
under this Explorer newbuild loan agreement. 

   

 Costs incurred in connection with the arranging
of loan financing have been deferred and are amortized over the life of the loan agreement. Interest expense, net for the year
ended December 31, 2014 includes $32.3 million of amortization and $15.4 million of expenses related to financing transactions
in connection with the Acquisition of Prestige.  For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, interest expense, net included
amortization of $64.9 million (including a $37.3 million write-off of deferred financing fees) and amortization of $28.2 million
(including a $2.4 million write-off of deferred financing fees), respectively. 

   

 Our debt agreements contain covenants that, among
other things, require us to maintain a minimum level of liquidity, as well as limit our net funded debt-to-capital ratio, maintain
certain other ratios and restrict our ability to pay dividends. Our ships and substantially all other property and equipment are
pledged as collateral for our debt. We believe we were in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2014. There are
no restrictions in the agreements that limit intercompany borrowings or dividends between our subsidiaries that would impact our
ability to meet our cash obligations. 

   

 The following are scheduled principal repayments
on long-term debt including capital lease obligations as of December 31, 2014 for each of the next five years (in thousands): 

   

 
 
     Year   
     Amount   
 
     2015   
     $ 576,947   
 
     2016   
       573,929   
 
     2017   
       534,446   
 
     2018   
       1,746,830   
 
     2019   
       992,463   
 
     Thereafter   
       1,759,489   
 
     Total   
     $ 6,184,104   
 

   

 We had an accrued interest liability of $32.8 million
and $10.2 million as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

   

 
 8. Related Party Disclosures  

   

 Transactions with Genting HK, the Apollo Funds
and the TPG Viking Funds  

   

 As of December 31, 2014, the ownership percentages
of NCLH’s ordinary shares were as follows: 

   

 
 
     Shareholder   
     Number of 
    Shares     
     Percentage 
    Ownership   
 
     Genting HK (1)   
       56,819,334     
       25.0 % 
 
     Apollo Funds (2)   
       54,659,020     
       24.0 % 
 
     TPG Viking Funds (3)   
       16,079,834     
       7.0 % 
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) Genting HK owns our ordinary shares indirectly through Star NCLC Holdings Ltd., a Bermuda wholly-owned subsidiary. 

 
 (2) The Apollo Funds include AAA Guarantor—Co-Invest VI (B), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV II), L.P., AIF
VI NCL (AIV III), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV IV), L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware) VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware
892) VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Germany) VI, L.P., AAA Guarantor—Co-Invest
VII, L.P., AIF VI Euro Holdings, L.P., AIF VII Euro Holdings, L.P., Apollo Alternative Assets, L.P., Apollo Management VI, L.P.
and Apollo Management VII, L.P. 

 
 (3) The TPG Viking Funds include TPG Viking, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, TPG Viking AIV I, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted
limited partnership, TPG Viking AIV II, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership and TPG Viking AIV III, L.P., a Delaware
limited partnership. 

   


 
     F- 15 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 On September 2, 2014, NCLH entered into the
Merger Agreement with funds affiliated with Apollo and other owners for total consideration of $3.025 billion (including assumption
of debt) in cash and stock. On November 19, 2014, we completed the Acquisition of Prestige. The acquisition consideration is subject
to an additional cash payment of up to $50 million upon achievement of certain 2015 revenue milestones. 

   

 Following NCLH’s IPO, NCLH contributed $460.0
million to NCLC. 

   

 In May 2011, we entered into an agreement with Star
Cruise Management Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Genting HK, whereby Star Cruise Management Limited will provide sales,
marketing and promotional services in the Asia Pacific region. We pay a monthly commission fee based on net ticket revenue generated
under the agreement and have paid $2.3 million under the contract through December 31, 2014. 

   

 In January 2011, we entered into an agreement with
Crystal Aim Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Genting HK, for the operation of a call center. Compensation under the agreement
is based on an hourly rate for the services provided. We have paid approximately $1.1 million under the contract through December 31,
2014. 

   

 In June 2012, we exercised our option with Genting
HK to purchase Norwegian Sky. The purchase price was $259.3 million, which consisted of a $50.0 million cash payment and a $209.3
million payable to Genting HK, $79.7 million of such amount was paid to Genting HK within fourteen days of the consummation of
the IPO, together with accrued interest thereon, and the remaining balance is to be repaid over seven equal semi-annual payments
the first of which was due and paid in June 2013 and has a weighted-average interest rate of 1.52% through maturity. The fair value
of the payable was $205.5 million based on discounting the future payments at an imputed interest rate of 2.26% per annum,
which was commensurate with the Company’s borrowing rate for similar assets. The payable is collateralized by a mortgage
and an interest in all earnings, proceeds of insurance and certain other interests related to the ship and is included in the balance
sheet caption “Due to Affiliate” on our consolidated balance sheets. We have paid $203.7 million to Genting HK in connection
with the Norwegian Sky Purchase Agreement through December 31, 2014. 

   

 In July 2009, we entered into an agreement with Caesars
Entertainment establishing a marketing alliance which incorporates cross company marketing, purchasing and loyalty programs. Caesars
Entertainment is owned by Affiliates of both Apollo and TPG. 

   

 In November 2006, we entered into an agreement with
Sabre Inc., an affiliate of TPG, for the use of reservation software. We pay a commission fee based on the number of annual bookings
made through the system. We have paid approximately $9.3 million under the contract through December 31, 2014. 

   

 
 9. Fair Value Measurements and Derivatives 

   

 Fair value is defined as the price at which an orderly
transaction to sell an asset or to transfer a liability would take place between market participants at the measurement date under
current market conditions (that is, an exit price at the measurement date from the perspective of a market participant that holds
the asset or owes the liability). 

   

 Fair Value Hierarchy 

   

 The following hierarchy for inputs used in measuring
fair value should maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most
observable inputs be used when available: 

   

 
 
     Level 1 
     Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement dates. 
 
       
       
 
     Level 2 
     Significant other observable inputs that are used by market participants in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from independent sources. 
 
       
       
 
     Level 3 
     Significant unobservable inputs we believe market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best information available. 
 
    


 
     F- 16 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 Derivatives 

   

 We are exposed to market risk attributable to changes
in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. We attempt to minimize these risks through a combination of
our normal operating and financing activities and through the use of derivatives. We assess whether derivatives used in hedging
transactions are “highly effective” in offsetting changes in the cash flow of our hedged forecasted transactions. We
use regression analysis for this hedge relationship and high effectiveness is achieved when a statistically valid relationship
reflects a high degree of offset and correlation between the fair values of the derivative and the hedged forecasted transaction.
Cash flows from the derivatives are classified in the same category as the cash flows from the underlying hedged transaction. The
determination of ineffectiveness is based on the amount of dollar offset between the cumulative change in fair value of the derivative
and the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged transaction at the end of the reporting period. If it is determined that
a derivative is not highly effective as a hedge, or if the hedged forecasted transaction is no longer probable of occurring, then
the amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is released to earnings. In addition, the ineffective portion
of our highly effective hedges is recognized in earnings immediately and reported in other income (expense) in our consolidated
statements of operations. There are no amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and there are no credit-risk-related
contingent features in our derivative agreements. 

   

 We monitor concentrations of credit risk associated
with financial and other institutions with which we conduct significant business. Credit risk, including but not limited to counterparty
non-performance under derivatives and our revolving credit facility, is not considered significant, as we primarily conduct business
with large, well-established financial institutions that we have established relationships with and that have credit risks acceptable
to us or the credit risk is spread out among a large number of creditors. We do not anticipate non-performance by any of our significant
counterparties. 

   

 The following table sets forth our derivatives measured
at fair value and discloses the balance sheet location (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
         
     Asset     
     Liability   
 
       
     Balance Sheet
    location   
     December 31, 
    2014     
     December 31, 
    2013     
     December 31, 
    2014     
     December 31, 
    2013   
 
     Fuel swaps designated as hedging instruments   
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Prepaid expenses and other assets   
     $ —     
     $ 5,024     
     $ —     
     $ 666   
 
         
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Other long-term assets   
       —     
       6,869     
       —     
       9   
 
         
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
       —     
       —     
       111,304     
       —   
 
         
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Other long-term liabilities   
       190     
       —     
       77,250     
       —   
 
     Fuel collars designated as hedging instruments   
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Prepaid expenses and other assets   
       —     
       452     
       —     
       195   
 
     Fuel options not designated as hedging instruments   
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Prepaid expenses and other assets   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       195   
 
     Foreign currency options designated as hedging instruments   
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       9,815   
 
     Foreign currency forward contracts designated as hedging instruments   
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Prepaid expenses and other assets   
       —     
       2,624     
       —     
       —   
 
         
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
       —     
       —     
       29,498     
       6,582   
 

   


 
     F- 17 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
         
         
     Asset     
     Liability   
 
       
     Balance Sheet
    location   
     December 31, 
    2014     
     December 31, 
    2013     
     December 31, 
    2014     
     December 31, 
    2013   
 
         
     Other long-term liabilities   
       —     
       —     
       118     
       —   
 
     Foreign currency collar designated as a hedging instrument   
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Prepaid expenses and other assets   
       —     
       12,502     
       —     
       —   
 
     Foreign currency collar not designated as a hedging instrument   
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Other long-term assets   
       —     
       —     
       16,744     
       —   
 
     Interest rate swaps designated as hedging instruments   
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
       —     
       —     
       5,736     
       1,707   
 
         
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Other long-term liabilities   
       —     
       —     
       3,104     
       1,374   
 
     Interest rate swap not designated as hedging instruments   
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
       —     
       —     
       3,823     
       —   
 

   

 The fair values of swap and forward contracts are
determined based on inputs that are readily available in public markets or can be derived from information available in publicly
quoted markets. The Company determines the value of options and collars utilizing an option pricing model based on inputs
that are either readily available in public markets or can be derived from information available in publicly quoted markets. The
option pricing model used by the Company is an industry standard model for valuing options and is used by the broker/dealer community.
The inputs to this option pricing model are the option strike price, underlying price, risk-free rate of interest, time to expiration,
and volatility. The fair value of option contracts considers both the intrinsic value and any remaining time value associated with
those derivatives that have not yet settled. The Company also considers counterparty credit risk and its own credit risk in its
determination of all estimated fair values. Our derivatives and financial instruments were categorized as Level 2 in the fair value
hierarchy, and we had no derivatives or financial instruments categorized as Level 1 or Level 3. 

   

  Our derivative contracts
include rights of offset with our counterparties when right of offset exists. We have elected to net certain assets and liabilities
within counterparties. We are not required to post cash collateral related to our derivative instruments. 

   

 The following table discloses the gross and net
amounts recognized within assets and liabilities (in thousands): 

   

 
 
     December 31, 2014   
     Gross Amounts     
     Gross 
    Amounts  Offset     
     Total
    Net  Amounts     
     Gross 
    Amounts Not  Offset     
     Net Amounts   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Liabilities   
     $ 247,577     
     $ (190 )   
     $ 247,387     
     $ (59,023 )   
     $ 188,364   
 

   

 
 
     December 31, 2013   
     Gross Amounts     
     Gross 
    Amounts  Offset     
     Total
    Net  Amounts     
     Gross 
    Amounts Not  Offset     
     Net Amounts   
 
         
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Assets   
     $ 27,471     
     $ (1,065 )   
     $ 26,406     
     $ (15,126 )   
     $ 11,280   
 
     Liabilities   
       19,478     
       —     
       19,478     
       (19,478 )   
       —   
 

   

 Fuel Swaps 

   

 As of December 31, 2014, we had fuel swaps
maturing through December 31, 2018 which are used to mitigate the financial impact of volatility in fuel prices pertaining
to approximately 1.3 million metric tons of our projected fuel purchases. 

   


 
     F- 18 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 The effects on the consolidated financial statements
of the fuel swaps which were designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in thousands):  

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) – effective portion   
     $ (198,595 )   
     $ 8,532     
     $ 18,906   
 
     Loss recognized in other income (expense) – ineffective portion   
       (5,753 )   
       (345 )   
       (509 ) 
 
     Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into fuel expense   
       8,388     
       (6,250 )   
       (14,448 ) 
 

   

 Fuel Collars and Options 

   

 We had fuel collars and fuel options maturing through
December 2014, which were used to mitigate the financial impact of volatility in fuel prices of our fuel purchases. The effects
on the consolidated financial statements of the fuel collars which were designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) – effective portion   
     $ (1,024 )   
     $ (1,152 )   
     $ 592   
 
     Gain (loss) recognized in other income (expense) – ineffective portion   
       (292 )   
       (26 )   
       165   
 
     Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into fuel expense   
       1,888     
       1,547     
       (1,954 ) 
 

   

 The effects on the consolidated financial statements
of the fuel options which were not designated as hedging instruments were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Gain (loss) recognized in other income (expense)   
     $ (864 )   
     $ 1,340     
     $ 3,218   
 

   

 Foreign Currency Options  

   

 We had foreign currency options that matured through
January 2014, which consisted of call options with deferred premiums. These options were used to mitigate the financial impact
of volatility in foreign currency exchange rates related to our ship construction contracts denominated in euros. If the spot rate
at the date the ships were delivered was less than the strike price under these option contracts, we would have paid the deferred
premium and would not exercise the foreign currency options. The effects on the consolidated financial statements of the foreign
currency options which were designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in thousands):  

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Loss recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) – effective portion   
     $ (1,157 )   
     $ (3,304 )   
     $ (19,428 ) 
 
     Loss recognized in other income (expense) – ineffective portion   
       (241 )   
       (97 )   
       (864 ) 
 
     Amount reclassified from accumulated comprehensive income (loss) into depreciation and amortization expense   
       1,269     
       470     
       —   
 

   

 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts  

   

 As of December 31, 2014, we had foreign currency
forward contracts which are used to mitigate the financial impact of volatility in foreign currency exchange rates related to our
ship construction contracts and forecasted Dry-dock payments denominated in euros. The notional amount of our foreign currency
forward contracts was €364.5 million, or $446.1 million based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31,
2014. 

   

 The effects on the consolidated financial statements
of the foreign currency forward contracts which were designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) –   
     $ (30,686 )   
     $ (2,983 )   
     $ 11,685   
 

   


 
     F- 19 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     effective portion   
             
             
           
 
     Gain (loss) recognized in other income (expense) – ineffective portion   
       (7 )   
       67     
       —   
 
     Amount reclassified from accumulated comprehensive income (loss) into depreciation and amortization expense   
       (243 )   
       (84 )   
       —   
 

   

 The effects on the consolidated financial statements
of the foreign currency forward contracts which were not designated as hedging instruments were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Gain recognized in other income (expense)   
     $ —     
     $ 20     
     $ —   
 

   

 Foreign Currency Collar  

   

 We had a foreign currency collar that matured in
January 2014, which was used to mitigate the volatility of foreign currency exchange rates related to our ship construction contracts
denominated in euros. The effects on the consolidated financial statements of the foreign currency collar which was designated
as a cash flow hedge was as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) – effective portion   
     $ (1,588 )   
     $ 4,350     
     $ 8,152   
 
     Amount reclassified from accumulated comprehensive income (loss) into depreciation and amortization expense   
       (333 )   
       —     
       —   
 

   

 As of December 31, 2014, we had a foreign currency
collar used to mitigate the volatility of foreign currency exchange rates related to our ship construction contracts denominated
in euros. The notional amount of our foreign currency collar was €274.4 million, or $332.0 million based on the euro/U.S.
dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2014. The effects on the consolidated financial statements of the foreign currency
collar which was not designated as a hedging instrument was as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Loss recognized in other income (expense)   
     $ (6,980 )   
     $ —     
     $ —   
 

   

 Interest Rate Swaps  

   

 As of December 31, 2014, we had interest rate
swap agreements to modify our exposure to interest rate movements and to manage our interest expense. The notional amount of outstanding
debt associated with the interest rate swap agreements was $1.3 billion. 

   

 The effects on the consolidated financial statements
of the interest rates swaps which were designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Loss recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) – effective portion   
     $ (5,386 )   
     $ (3,196 )   
     $ —   
 
     Amount reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss) into interest expense, net   
       2,385     
       189     
       —   
 

   

 The effects on the consolidated financial statements
of the interest rates swap contract which was not designated as a hedging instrument was as follows (in thousands): 

   


 
     F- 20 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Loss recognized in other income (expense)   
     $ (3 )   
     $ —     
     $ —   
 

   

 Other  

   

 The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated
balance sheets of all other financial assets and liabilities approximate fair value. 

   

 Long-Term Debt  

   

 As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, the fair
value of our long-term debt, including the current portion, was $6,229.1 million and $3,146.4 million, respectively, which was
$45.0 million and $18.6 million higher, respectively, than the carrying values. The difference between the fair value and carrying
value of our long-term debt is due to our fixed and variable rate debt obligations carrying interest rates that are above or below
market rates at the measurement dates. The fair value of our long-term debt was calculated based on estimated rates for the same
or similar instruments with similar terms and remaining maturities resulting in Level 2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. Market
risk associated with our long-term variable rate debt is the potential increase in interest expense from an increase in interest
rates. The calculation of the fair value of our long-term debt is considered a Level 2 input. 

   

 Non-recurring Measurements of Non-financial Assets
 

   

 Goodwill and other long-lived assets, principally
tradenames, are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or earlier if there is an event or change in circumstances that would
indicate that the carrying value of these assets could not be fully recovered. 

   

 If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the
estimated expected undiscounted future cash flows, we measure the amount of the impairment by comparing the carrying amount of
the asset to its fair value. We estimate fair value based on the best information available making whatever estimates, judgments
and projections considered necessary. The estimation of fair value measured by discounting expected future cash flows at discount
rates commensurate with the risk involved are considered Level 3 inputs. We do not believe that we have any impairment to our
goodwill or tradenames as of December 31, 2014. We believe our estimates and judgments with respect to our goodwill and tradenames
are reasonable. Nonetheless, if there was a material change in assumptions used in the determination of such fair values or if
there is a material change in the conditions or circumstances that influence such assets, we could be required to record an impairment
charge. Goodwill increased $985.1 million and intangible assets increased $800.0 million due to the Acquisition of Prestige (we
refer you to Note 4—“The Acquisition of Prestige”). 

   

 
 10. Employee Benefits and Share Option Plans 
 

   

 Management NCL Corporation Units  

   

 In 2009, we adopted a profits sharing agreement
which authorized us to grant profits interests in the Company to certain key employees. These interests generally vested with the
holders based on a combination of performance-based and time-based vesting metrics, each as specified in the profits sharing agreement
and each holder’s award agreement. Genting HK, the Apollo Funds and the TPG Viking Funds were entitled to initially receive
any distributions made by the Company, pro rata based on their shareholdings in the Company. Once Genting HK, the Apollo Funds
and the TPG Viking Funds received distributions in excess of certain hurdle amounts specified in the profits sharing agreement
and each holder’s award agreement, each vested profits interest award generally entitled the holder of such award to a portion
of such excess distribution amount. In connection with the Corporate Reorganization, NCLC’s outstanding profits interests
granted under its profits sharing agreement to management (or former management) of NCLC were exchanged for an economically equivalent
number of NCL Corporation Units. We refer to the NCL Corporation Units exchanged for profits interests granted under the profits
sharing agreement as “Management NCL Corporation Units.” The Management NCL Corporation Units received upon the exchange
of outstanding profits interests were subject to the same time-based vesting requirements and performance-based vesting requirements
applicable to the profits interests for which they were exchanged. 

   

 We accounted for the exchange of the outstanding
profits interests for the economically equivalent number of Management NCL Corporation Units and share-based option awards as
an award modification. An award modification requires that the fair value of the awards immediately before the modification
and immediately after the modification be determined. We engaged a third-party valuation firm to assist in the completion of a
valuation which was derived using a binomial lattice model. It was determined that the post-modification award value derived greater
value versus the pre-modification award value, resulting in the recognition of incremental compensation expense. At the date of
award modification, approximately $5.5 million of incremental cost associated with vested awards was charged to share-based compensation,
with the remaining unvested portion to be charged over the remaining vesting period. 

   


 
     F- 21 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 The Management NCL Corporation Units, generally
consisted of fifty percent of “Time-Based Units” (“TBUs”) and fifty percent of “Performance-Based
Units” (“PBUs”). The TBUs generally vested over five years and upon a distribution event, the vesting amount
of the PBUs was based on the amount of proceeds that are realized above certain hurdles. 

   

 In the fourth quarter of 2014, all Management NCL
Corporation Units were exchanged for NCLH ordinary shares and restricted shares under a management exchange agreement (the “Management
Exchange Agreement”). NCLH became the sole member and 100% owner of the economic interests in NCLC and the non-controlling
interest no longer exists as of December 31, 2014. Accordingly, NCLC is now treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. No new NCLC profits interests or Management NCL Corporation Units will be issued; however, NCLH has granted, and
expects to continue to grant, options to acquire its ordinary shares to our management team under its long-term incentive plan.
The exchange for NCLH ordinary shares and restricted shares, per the Management Exchange Agreement, resulted in no incremental
expense after applying the modification accounting treatment as substantially all key terms and conditions remained consistent. 

   

 The termination of employment may result in forfeiture
of any non-vested TBUs and all PBUs. TBUs that were vested can be either continued by the Company or cancelled and paid to the
employee. Cancellation could take place any time after termination but not before two years after the grant date. 

   

 
 
         
     Number of 
    Management  NCL Corporation Units     
     TBUs 
    Weighted-  Average  Grant-Date  Fair Value     
     PBUs 
    Weighted-  Average  Grant-  Date Fair  Value   
 
         
     TBUs     
     PBUs     
           
         
 
     Outstanding as of December 31, 2013   
       1,749,659     
       2,960,034     
     $ 3.45     
     $ 3.57   
 
     Exchanged for NCLH shares   
       (1,549,376 )   
       (1,747,973 )   
     $ 3.56     
     $ 3.69   
 
     Exchanged for NCLH restricted shares (1)   
       (197,960 )   
       (1,208,608 )   
     $ 2.62     
     $ 3.37   
 
     Forfeited   
       (2,323 )   
       (3,453 )   
     $ 2.18     
     $ 3.72   
 
     Outstanding as of December 31, 2014   
       —     
       —     
             
           
 

   

   

 



   

 
 (1) Represents the unvested units exchanged as part of the Management Exchange Agreement and exchanged for restricted shares. 

   

 The fair value of each Management NCL Corporation
Unit award was estimated on the date of grant using a binomial lattice pricing model. The total intrinsic value of units exchanged
for NCLH ordinary shares during the year 2014 and 2013 was $132.4 million and $33.3 million, respectively. The total intrinsic
value of units exchanged for NCLH restricted shares was $56.8 million during 2014. There were no units exchanged for NCLH restricted
shares during 2013 or 2012 and there were no units exchanged for NCLH ordinary shares during the year 2012. 

   

 Share Option Awards  

   

 In January 2013, the Company adopted a 2013 performance
incentive plan which provides for the issuance of up to 15,035,106 of NCLH’s share options and ordinary shares, with no more
than 5,000,000 shares being granted to one individual in any calendar year. Share options are generally granted with an exercise
price equal to the closing market price of NCLH shares at the date of grant. The vesting period is typically set at 4 or 5 years
with a contractual life ranging from 7 to 10 years. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The estimated fair value of the options, less estimated forfeitures, is amortized over
the vesting period using the straight-line vesting method. The assumptions used within the option-pricing model are as follows: 

   

 
 
       
     2014 
       
     2013 
 
     Dividend yield 
     0% 
       
     0% 
 
     Expected stock price volatility 
     48.30%-49.90% 
       
     50.40%-54.80% 
 
     Risk-free interest rate 
     1.80%-2.02% 
       
     0.8%-1.82% 
 
     Expected term 
     6.25 years 
       
     5.00-6.25 years 
 
   

 Expected volatility was determined based on the
historical share prices of our competitors. When we accumulate sufficient historical share price data, we will use our volatility
to determine fair value. The risk-free rate was based on United States Treasury zero coupon issues with a remaining term equal
to the expected option term at grant date. The expected term was calculated under the simplified method. Our forfeiture assumption
is derived from historical turnover rates and those estimates are revised as appropriate to reflect the actual forfeiture results. 

   

 

 
     F- 22 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 The following is a summary of option activity under
our share option plan for the year ended December 31, 2014: 

   

 
 
         
     Number
    of Share Option  Awards     
     Weighted-Average Exercise 
    Price     
     Weighted- 
    Average  Contractual  Term     
     Aggregate 
    Intrinsic Value   
 
         
     TBUs     
     PBUs     
     TBUs     
     PBUs     
     (years)     
     (in thousands)   
 
         
           
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Outstanding as of January 1, 2014   
       3,242,643     
       1,572,516     
     $ 25.36     
     $ 19.00     
       7.26     
     $ 58,684   
 
     Granted   
       3,180,615     
       —     
       34.13     
       —     
             
           
 
     Exercised   
       (182,603 )   
       (103,063 )   
       22.64     
       19.00     
             
           
 
     Forfeited and cancelled   
       (160,774 )   
       (12,138 )   
       29.43     
       19.00     
             
           
 
     Outstanding as of December 31, 2014   
       6,079,881     
       1,457,315     
       29.92     
       19.00     
       7.61     
     $ 142,831   
 
     Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2014   
       5,830,423     
       947,486     
     $ 29.96     
     $ 19.00     
       7.79     
     $ 124,268   
 
     Exercisable as of December 31, 2014   
       1,314,484     
       511,522     
     $ 22.31     
     $ 19.00     
       5.71     
     $ 46,334   
 

   

 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options
granted during the year 2014 and 2013 was $16.86 and $6.38, respectively. There were no options granted during 2012. The total
intrinsic value of options exercised during the year 2014 was $4.5 million and for 2013 was $1.4 million and total cash received
by the Company from exercises was $6.1 million in 2014 and $2.0 million in 2013. There were no options exercised during the year
2012. As of December 31, 2014, there was approximately $64.1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost net of estimate
forfeitures, related to share options granted under our share-based incentive plans which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of 3.3 years. 

   

 Restricted Share Awards  

   

 The following is a summary of restricted share activity
of NCLH shares for the year ended December 31, 2014: 

   

 
 
         
     Number
    of  Time-Based  Awards     
     Weighted- 
    Average Grant  Date Fair Value     
     Number
    of  Performance-  Based Awards     
     Weighted- 
    Average Grant  Date Fair Value   
 
     Non-vested as of January 1, 2014   
       10,756     
     $ 23.24     
       —     
     $ —   
 
     Granted   
       203,433 (1)   
       3.53     
       1,208,608 (2)   
       3.37   
 
     Vested   
       (12,470 )   
       22.23     
       —     
       —   
 
     Forfeited or Expired   
       (5,075 )   
       3.32     
       —     
       —   
 
         
             
             
             
           
 
     Non-vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2014   
       196,644     
     $ 3.43     
       1,208,608     
     $ 3.37   
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) Includes 197,960 time-based restricted shares that were converted from Management NCL Corporation Units as a result of the
Management Exchange Agreement. 

   

 
 (2) Represents performance-based restricted shares that were converted from Management NCL Corporation Units as a result of the
Management Exchange Agreement. 

   

 As of December 31, 2014, there was $0.8 million
of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the employee
share option plan. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.3 years. Restricted shares, with the
exception of those related to the Management Exchange Agreement, which maintain their original vesting conditions of time and performance,
vest in substantially equal quarterly installments over 2 years. The total fair value of shares vested during the year ended December 31,
2014 was $0.7 million. 

   

 The share-based compensation expense for the years
ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $20.6 million, which includes $6.0 million of non-recurring charges associated
with the Management Exchange Agreement, $23.1 million, which includes $18.5 million of non-recurring charges associated with the
Corporate Reorganization and $5.2 million, respectively, and was recorded in marketing general and administrative expense. 

   

 Employee Benefit Plans  

   

 Certain of our employees are employed pursuant to
agreements that provide for severance payments. Severance is generally only payable upon an involuntary termination of the employment
by us without cause or a termination by the employee for good reason. Severance generally includes a cash payment based on the
employee’s base salary (and in some cases, bonus), and our payment of the employee’s continued medical benefits for
the applicable severance period. 

   


 
     F- 23 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 We maintain annual incentive bonus plans for our
executive officers and other key employees. Bonuses under these plans become earned and payable based on both the Company’s
and each individual’s performance during the applicable performance period and the individual’s continued employment.
Company performance criteria include the attainment of certain financial targets and other strategic objectives. 

   

 We maintain a 401(k) Plan for our shoreside employees,
including our executive officers. Participants may contribute up to 100% of eligible compensation each pay period, subject to certain
limitations. We make matching contributions equal to 100% of the first 3% and 50% of the next 4%—10% of each participant’s
contributions. In addition, we may make discretionary supplemental contributions to the Plan, which shall be allocated to each
eligible participant on a pro-rata basis based on the compensation of the participant to the total compensation of all participants.
Our matching contributions are vested according to a five-year schedule. The 401(k) Plan is subject to the provisions of ERISA
and is intended to be qualified under section 401(a) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”). 

   

 Our contributions are reduced by contributions forfeited
by those employees who leave the 401(k) Plan prior to vesting fully in the contributions. Forfeited contributions of $0.1 million
were utilized in each of the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. 

   

 We maintain a Supplemental Executive Retirement
Plan (“SERP”), which is a legacy unfunded defined contribution plan for certain of our executives who were employed
by the Company in an executive capacity prior to 2008. The SERP was frozen to future participation following that date. The SERP provides for Company
contributions on behalf of the participants to compensate them for the benefits that are limited under the 401(k) Plan. We credit
participants under the SERP for amounts that would have been contributed by us to the Company’s previous Defined Contribution
Retirement Plan and the former 401(k) Plan without regard to any limitations imposed by the Code. Participants do not make any
elective contributions under this plan. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, the aggregate balance of participants’ deferred
compensation accounts under the SERP Plan was $0.4 million and $0.5 million, respectively. 

   

 We recorded expenses related to the above 401(k)
Plan and SERP of $3.7 million, $3.3 million and $2.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

   

 We maintain a Senior Management Retirement Savings
Plan (“SMRSP”), which is a legacy unfunded defined contribution plan for certain of our employees who were employed
by the Company prior to 2001. The SMRSP provides for Company contributions on behalf of the participants to compensate them for
the difference between the qualified plan benefits that were previously available under the Company’s cash balance pension
plan and the redesigned 401(k) Plan. We credit participants under the SMRSP Plan for the difference in the amount that would have
been contributed by us to the Company’s previous Norwegian Cruise Line Pension Plan and the qualified plan maximums of the
new 401(k) Plan. 

   

 Effective January 2009, we implemented the Shipboard
Retirement Plan which computes benefits based on years of service, subject to eligibility requirements of the Shipboard Retirement
Plan. The Shipboard Retirement Plan is unfunded with no plan assets. The current portion of the projected benefit obligation of
$0.9 million and $0.8 million was included in accrued expenses and other liabilities as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively,
and $18.8 million and $14.8 million was included in other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31,
2014 and 2013, respectively. The amounts related to the Shipboard Retirement Plan were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     As of or for the Year Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Pension expense:   
             
             
           
 
     Service cost   
     $ 1,393     
     $ 1,498     
     $ 1,367   
 
     Interest cost   
       728     
       603     
       604   
 
     Amortization of prior service cost   
       378     
       378     
       378   
 
     Amortization of actuarial loss   
       —     
       90     
       13   
 
     Total pension expense   
     $ 2,499     
     $ 2,569     
     $ 2,362   
 
     Change in projected benefit obligation:   
             
             
           
 
     Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year   
     $ 15,570     
     $ 16,221     
     $ 13,329   
 
     Service cost   
       1,393     
       1,498     
       1,367   
 
     Interest cost   
       728     
       603     
       604   
 
     Actuarial gain (loss)   
       2,689     
       (2,070 )   
       1,721   
 
     Direct benefit payments   
       (650 )   
       (682 )   
       (800 ) 
 
     Projected benefit obligation at end of year   
     $ 19,730     
     $ 15,570     
     $ 16,221   
 
     Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets:   
             
             
           
 
     Projected benefit obligation   
     $ 19,730     
     $ 15,570     
     $ 16,221   
 

   


 
     F- 24 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
         
     As of or for the Year Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss):   
             
             
           
 
     Prior service cost   
     $ (5,671 )   
     $ (6,049 )   
     $ (6,427 ) 
 
     Accumulated actuarial loss   
       (3,849 )   
       (1,160 )   
       (3,320 ) 
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   
     $ (9,520 )   
     $ (7,209 )   
     $ (9,747 ) 
 

   

 The discount rates used in the net periodic benefit
cost calculation for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were 4.8%, 3.8% and 4.7%, respectively, and the actuarial
loss is amortized over 19.03 years. The discount rate is used to measure and recognize obligations, including adjustments to other
comprehensive income (loss), and to determine expense during the periods. It is determined by using bond indices which reflect
yields on a broad maturity and industry universe of high-quality corporate bonds. 

   

 The pension benefits expected to be paid in each
of the next five years and in aggregate for the five years thereafter are as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
     Year   
     Amount   
 
     2015   
     $ 937   
 
     2016   
       877   
 
     2017   
       876   
 
     2018   
       868   
 
     2019   
       902   
 
     Next five years   
       4,843   
 

   

 In April 2014 the shareholders approved the
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”). The purpose of the ESPP is to provide
eligible employees with an opportunity to purchase NCLH’s ordinary shares at a favorable price and upon favorable terms
in consideration of the participating employees’ continued services. A maximum of 2,000,000 of the Company’s
ordinary shares may be purchased under the ESPP. To be eligible to participate in an offering period, on the Grant Date of
that period, an individual must be customarily employed by the Company or a participating subsidiary for more than twenty
hours per week and for more than five months per calendar year. Participation in the ESPP is also subject to certain
limitations. The ESPP is considered to be compensatory based on a) the 15% purchase price  discount
and b) that has a look-back purchase price feature. Since the plan is compensatory, compensation expense must be recorded in
the statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the six-month withholding period .  For
the year ended December 31, 2014, the compensation expense was $0.09 million. As of December 31, 2014, we had a $0.3 million
liability for payroll withholdings received.  

   

 
 11. Income Taxes 
 

   

 We are incorporated in Bermuda. Under current Bermuda
law, we are not subject to tax on income or capital gains. We have received from the Minister of Finance under The Exempted Undertakings
Tax Protection Act 1966, as amended, an assurance that, in the event that Bermuda enacts legislation imposing tax computed on profits,
income, any capital asset, gain or appreciation, or any tax in the nature of estate duty or inheritance, then the imposition of
any such tax shall not be applicable to us or to any of our operations or shares, debentures or other obligations, until March 31,
2035. 

   

 The components of the provision for income taxes
consisted of the following (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended 
    December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Current:   
             
             
           
 
     Bermuda   
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ —   
 
     United States   
       (9,162 )   
       8,098     
       —   
 
     Foreign - Other   
       3,278     
       860     
       706   
 
     Total current   
       (5,884 )   
       8,958     
       706   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Deferred:   
             
             
           
 
     Bermuda   
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     United States   
       3,617     
       2,844     
       —   
 
     Foreign - Other   
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Total deferred:   
       3,617     
       2,844     
       —   
 

   


 
     F- 25 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended 
    December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Income tax expense (benefit)   
     $ (2,267 )   
     $ 11,802     
     $ 706   
 

   

 Our reconciliation of income tax expense computed
by applying our Bermuda statutory rate and reported income tax expense was as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended  December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2012   
 
     Tax at Bermuda statutory rate   
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ —   
 
     Foreign income taxes at different rates   
       2,813     
       14,020     
       706   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Benefit from global tax platform(1)   
       —     
       (6,074 )   
       —   
 
     Tax contingencies   
       275     
       1,394     
       —   
 
     Return to provision adjustments   
       (14,444 )   
       —     
           
 
     (Benefit) expense from change in tax status   
       (1,462 )   
       2,462     
       —   
 
     Valuation allowance   
       10,551     
       —     
       —   
 
     Income tax expense (benefit)   
     $ (2,267 )   
     $ 11,802     
     $ 706   
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) During 2013, we implemented a restructuring plan to provide
                                         a global tax platform for international expansion. As part of the plan, the Company
                                         became a tax resident of the U.K. As such, it qualifies for relief from U.S. Branch Profits
                                         taxes under the U.S.-U.K. Tax Treaty. In addition, the restructuring resulted in additional
                                         interest and depreciation which reduced the Company’s overall income tax expense. 

   

 Deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows: 

   

 
 
         
     As
                                         of December 31,     
 
         
     2014       
     2013   
 
     Deferred tax assets:   
             
           
 
     Loss carryforwards   
     $ 77,031     
     $ 28,351   
 
     Shares in foreign subsidiary   
       17,808     
       59,587   
 
     Other   
       1,121     
       2,920   
 
     Valuation allowance   
       (81,704 )   
       (84,695 ) 
 
     Total net deferred assets   
       14,256     
       6,163   
 
     Deferred tax liabilities:   
             
           
 
     Property and equipment   
       (20,888 )   
       (6,367 ) 
 
     Total deferred tax liabilities   
       (20,888 )   
       (6,367 ) 
 
     Net deferred tax liability   
     $ (6,632 )   
     $ (204 ) 
 

   

 We have U.S. net operating loss carryforwards of
$158.6 million and $3.6 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 which begin to expire in 2023. We
have state net operating loss carryforwards of $24.5 million and $42.3 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31,
2014 and 2013, which expire between 2025- 2034. Based on the weight of available evidence, we have recorded a valuation allowance
in the amount of $10.6 million with respect to the U.S. deferred tax assets of one of our U.S. subsidiaries. 

   

 Included above are deferred tax assets associated
with our operations in Norway for which we have provided a full valuation allowance. We have Norway net operating loss carryforwards
of $58.8 million and $88.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively, which can
be carried forward indefinitely. 

   

 On November 19, 2014, we acquired the stock of Prestige.
Included above are deferred tax assets associated with Prestige, including net operating loss carryforwards of $104.3 million,
which begin to expire in 2023, and state net operating loss carryforwards of $0.1 million. We have recorded a valuation allowance
of $36.5 million with respect to the Prestige deferred tax assets based on the weight of available evidence. Section 382 of the
Code may limit the amount of taxable income that can be offset by the Prestige’s NOL carryforwards. 

   


 
     F- 26 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 As a result of the Corporate Reorganization in 2013,
we obtained certain U.S. net operating losses of our shareholders. These loss carryforwards were subject to Section 382 of the
Code which may limit the amount of taxable income that can be offset by NOL carryforwards after a change in control (generally
greater than 50% change in ownership). We do not expect the 382 limitation to materially impact the deferred tax asset as it relates
to the NOL. 

   

 The following is a tabular reconciliation of the
total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended  December 31,  2014   
 
     Unrecognized tax benefits, beginning of year   
     $ 10,894   
 
     Gross increases in tax positions in current period   
       280   
 
     Unrecognized tax benefits, end of year   
     $ 11,174   
 

   

 If the $11.2 million unrecognized tax benefits at
December 31, 2014 were recognized, our effective tax rate would be affected. We believe that there will not be a significant
increase or decrease to the tax positions within 12 months of the reporting date. We recognize interest and penalties related to
unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 

   

 We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction,
various U.S. state jurisdictions and foreign jurisdictions. We are generally no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local,
or non-U.S. income tax examinations by authorities for years prior to 2011, except for years in which NOLs generated prior to 2011
are utilized. 

   

 Due to our international structure as well as the existence of international tax treaties
that exempt taxation on certain activities, the repatriation of earnings from our subsidiaries would have no tax impact. 

   

 

 We derive our income from the international operation
of ships. Under Section 883 certain foreign corporations, though engaged in the conduct of a trade or business within the U.S., are exempt from U.S. federal income and branch profit taxes on gross income derived from or incidental to the international
operation of ships. Applicable U.S. Treasury regulations provide that a foreign corporation will qualify for the benefits of Section
883 if, in relevant part, (i) the foreign country in which the corporation is organized grants an equivalent exemption for income
from the operation of ships of sufficiently broad scope to corporations organized in the U.S. and (ii) the foreign corporation
is a CFC for more than half of the taxable year, and more than 50% of its stock is owned by qualified U.S. persons for more than
half of the taxable year, the CFC test. Our 2013 tax returns were filed with tax authorities under Section 883 and our 2014 tax
returns will also be filed under Section 883. 

   

 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, Regent
and its non-U.S. subsidiaries are disregarded as entities separate from their immediate foreign parent (PCH) and Oceania is treated
as a corporation. Both Regent and Oceania rely on PCH’s ability to meet the requirements necessary to qualify for the benefits
of Section 883. PCH is organized as a company in Panama, which grants an equivalent tax emption to U.S. corporations, and is thus
classified as a qualified foreign country for purposes of Section 883. PCH was classified as a CFC for the taxable year ended
December 31, 2014 and we believe we meet the ownership and substantiation requirements of the CFC test under the regulations. 



 

   

 
 12. Commitments and Contingencies  

   

 Operating Leases  

   

 Total expense under non-cancelable operating lease
commitments, primarily for offices, motor vehicles and office equipment was $9.2 million, $9.4 million and $9.5 million for the
years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

   

 As of December 31, 2014, minimum annual rentals
for non-cancelable leases with initial or remaining terms in excess of one year were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
     Year   
     Amount   
 
     2015   
     $ 7,810   
 
     2016   
       6,975   
 
     2017   
       6,902   
 
     2018   
       6,934   
 
     2019   
       2,877   
 
     Thereafter   
       10,831   
 
     Total   
     $ 42,329   
 

   

 Rental payments applicable to such operating leases
are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 

   

 Ship Construction Contracts  

   

 We have orders with Meyer Werft for four Breakaway
Plus Class Ships for delivery in the fall of 2015, spring of 2017, spring of 2018 and fall of 2019. These ships will be the largest
in our fleet, reaching approximately 164,600 Gross Tons and up to 4,200 Berths each and will be similar in design and innovation
to our Breakaway Class Ships. The combined contract price of these four ships is approximately €3.0 billion, or $3.6 billion
based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2014. We have export credit financing in place that provides financing
for 80% of their contract prices. We also have a contract with Italy’s Fincantieri shipyard to build a luxury cruise ship
to be named Seven Seas Explorer. The contract price of the ship is approximately €343.0 million, or approximately
$415.0 million, based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2014. We have export credit financing in place
that provides financing for 80% of the ship’s contract price. Seven Seas Explorer is expected to be delivered in the
summer of 2016. 

   

 In connection with the contracts to build the ships,
we do not anticipate any contractual breaches or cancellation to occur. However, if any would occur, it could result in, among
other things, the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us and potential claims and impairment losses which may materially
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 

   


 
     F- 27 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 As of December 31, 2014, minimum annual payments
for non-cancelable ship construction contracts with initial or remaining terms in excess of one year were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
     Year   
     Amount   
 
     2015   
     $ 897,818   
 
     2016   
       514,375   
 
     2017   
       832,640   
 
     2018   
       892,362   
 
     2019   
       776,053   
 
     Thereafter   
       —   
 
     Total   
     $ 3,913,248   
 

   

 Port Facility Commitments  

   

 As of December 31, 2014, future commitments
to pay for usage of certain port facilities were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
     Year   
     Amount   
 
     2015   
     $ 30,411   
 
     2016   
       29,608   
 
     2017   
       29,141   
 
     2018   
       20,403   
 
     2019   
       20,858   
 
     Thereafter   
       82,215   
 
     Total   
     $ 212,636   
 

   

 The FMC requires evidence of financial responsibility
for those offering transportation on passenger ships operating out of U.S. ports to indemnify passengers in the event of non-performance
of the transportation. Accordingly, each of our three brands are required to maintain a $22.0 million third-party performance guarantee
in respect of liabilities for non-performance of transportation and other obligations to passengers. Recent regulations have revised
the financial requirements with respect to both death/injury and non-performance coverages to increase the current $22.0 million
performance guarantee to $30.0 million effective April 2, 2015. Once fully effective in April 2015, the guarantee requirements
will be subject to additional consumer price index-based adjustments. We do not anticipate that compliance with the new rules will
have a material effect on our costs. Also, each of our brands have a legal requirement to maintain a security guarantee based on
cruise business originated from the U.K. and, accordingly, have established separate bonds with the Association of British Travel
Agents currently valued at British Pound Sterling 8.0 million in the aggregate. We also are required to establish financial responsibility
by other jurisdictions to meet liability in the event of non-performance of our obligations to passengers from those jurisdictions. 

   

 From time to time, various other regulatory and
legislative changes have been or may in the future be proposed that may have an effect on our operations in the U.S. and the cruise
industry in general. 

   

 Litigation  

   

 In July 2009, a class action complaint was
filed against NCL (Bahamas) Ltd., in the United States District Court, Southern District of Florida, on behalf of a purported class
of crew members alleging inappropriate deductions of their wages pursuant to the Seaman’s Wage Act and wrongful termination
resulting in a loss of retirement benefits. In December 2010, the Court denied the plaintiffs’ Motion for Class Certification.
In February 2011, the plaintiffs filed a Motion for Reconsideration of the Court’s Order on Class Certification which
was denied. The Court tried six individual plaintiffs’ claims, and in September 2012 awarded wages aggregating approximately
$100,000 to such plaintiffs. In October 2013, the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit affirmed the Court’s
rulings as to the denial of class certification and the trial verdict. The plaintiffs filed a petition for a writ of certiorari
in the United States Supreme Court seeking review of the appellate court decision which was denied in March 2014. The matter was
ordered to mediation on October 2014. At that time, all outstanding claims brought on behalf of the known plaintiffs were resolved. 

   

 In May 2011, a class action complaint was filed
against NCL (Bahamas) Ltd., in the United States District Court, Southern District of Florida, on behalf of a purported class of
crew members alleging inappropriate deductions of their wages pursuant to the Seaman’s Wage Act and breach of contract. In
July 2012, this action was stayed by the Court pending the outcome of the litigation commenced with the class action complaint
filed in July 2009. The matter was resolved at the Court ordered mediation in conjunction with the matter described above. 

   

 In the normal course of our business, various other
claims and lawsuits have been filed or are pending against us. Most of these claims and lawsuits are covered by insurance and,
accordingly, the maximum amount of our liability is typically limited to our deductible amount. Nonetheless, the ultimate outcome
of these claims and lawsuits that are not covered by insurance cannot be determined at this time. We have evaluated our overall
exposure with respect to all of our threatened and pending litigation and, to the extent required, we have accrued amounts for
all estimable probable losses associated with our deemed exposure. We are currently unable to estimate any other potential contingent
losses beyond those accrued, as discovery is not complete nor is 

   


 
     F- 28 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 adequate information available to estimate such
range of loss or potential recovery. We intend to vigorously defend our legal position on all claims and, to the extent necessary,
seek recovery. 

   

 
 13. Supplemental Cash Flow Information  

   

 For the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013
and 2012 we paid interest and related fees of $233.5 million, $316.9 million and $240.6 million, respectively. For the year ended
2013 we had non-cash investing activities in connection with capital leases of $15.5 million. For the years ended December 31,
2014, 2013 and 2012 we paid income taxes of $9.8 million, $1.1 million and $0.4 million, respectively. For the year ended December
31, 2014 we had non-cash investing activities for capital expenditures of $13.0 million. For the year ended December 31,
2013, we had a non-cash financing activity of $10.0 million in connection with the modification of certain fully-vested Management
NCL Corporation Units from liability to equity award status. Upon the IPO this liability award was fully vested at the time of
the settlement and was reclassified to equity in the balance sheet resulting in a non-cash financing activity. We refer you to
Note—4 “The Acquisition of Prestige” for non-cash transactions in conjunction with the Acquisition of Prestige. 

   

 
 14. Subsequent Events  

   

 On January 8, 2015, Kevin M. Sheehan resigned as
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, together with all of his positions and offices with the Company and its
subsidiaries or affiliates, effective immediately. In connection with Mr. Sheehan’s resignation from the Company, Mr. Sheehan
and the Company entered into a Separation Agreement and Release (the “Separation Agreement”). The Separation Agreement
sets forth the terms of Mr. Sheehan’s resignation from the Company, including, among other things, a general release of
claims in favor of the Company and certain non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality and cooperation undertakings. The
Separation Agreement also provides that Mr. Sheehan will receive (i) all of his accrued and unpaid base salary (and accrued and
unpaid vacation time) through January 8, 2015 (the “Effective Date”), (ii) his previously approved bonus payment for fiscal year 2014 of $1,627,500, (iii) a one-time cash separation payment in an amount equal to his base salary
and target bonus and (iv) vesting of a portion of his outstanding unvested equity-based awards as of the Effective Date, and all
remaining unvested equity-based awards shall immediately terminate, expire and be forfeited as of the Effective Date. This resulted
in a total severance expense of $13.4 million of which $8.2 million was due to the acceleration of the equity-based awards which
was recorded in January 2015. 

   

 Effective as of January 8, 2015, Frank J. Del Rio,
was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The terms of Mr. Del Rio’s employment with the Company
are currently set forth in the employment agreement filed herewith. 

   

 
 15. Quarterly Selected Financial Data (Unaudited) (in thousands,
except per share data) 
 

   

 
 
         
     First
    Quarter     
     Second
    Quarter     
     Third
    Quarter     
     Fourth
    Quarter   
 
         
     2014     
     2013     
     2014     
     2013     
     2014     
     2013     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Total revenue   
     $ 664,028     
     $ 527,631     
     $ 765,927     
     $ 644,433     
     $ 907,017     
     $ 797,885     
     $ 788,909     
     $ 600,345   
 
     Operating income   
       73,089     
       30,988     
       148,588     
       95,389     
       234,822     
       208,080     
       46,442     
       61,430   
 
     Net income (loss) attributable
    to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
       51,267 (1)   
       (96,395 )(2)   
       111,616 (3)   
       (8,841 )(4)   
       	201,078 (5)   
       	170,858 (6)    
       (25,609 )(7)   
       	36,092 (8) 
 
     Earnings (loss) per share:   
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
     $ 0.25     
     $ (0.49 )   
     $ 0.54     
     $ (0.04 )   
     $ 0.99     
     $ 0.84     
     $ (0.12 )   
     $ 0.18   
 
     Diluted   
     $ 0.24     
     $ (0.49 )   
     $ 0.54     
     $ (0.04 )   
     $ 0.97     
     $ 0.82     
     $ (0.12 )   
     $ 0.17   
 

   

 The seasonality of the North American cruise industry generally
results in the greatest demand for cruises during the summer months. This predictable seasonality in demand has resulted in fluctuations
in our revenue and results of operations. The seasonality of our results is increased due to ships being taken out of service for
regularly scheduled Dry-docks, which we typically scheduled during non-peak demand periods. 

   

 
 (1) Includes $2.7 million of expenses associated with non-cash compensation and a tax benefit of $6.7 million from a change in
estimate of tax provision associated with a change in our corporate entity structure and expenses related the Secondary Equity
Offering. 

   

 
 (2) Includes $110.4 million of expenses associated with debt prepayments, non-cash compensation, changes in corporate entity structure
and other supplemental adjustments. 

   

 
 (3) Includes $5.0 million of expenses associated with non-cash compensation and $2.3 million of expenses related to the tax restructuring
and costs related to the settlement of a 2007 breach of contract claim. 

   


 
     F- 29 
     Table of Contents 
     

   

 
 (4) Includes $69.1 million of expenses associated with debt prepayments, non-cash compensation, changes in corporate entity structure
and other supplemental adjustments. 

   

 
 (5) Includes $20.3
                                         million of certain fees (legal, accounting and consulting) and integration costs related
                                         to the Acquisition of Prestige, $7.0 million of expenses associated with non-cash compensation
                                         and $0.8 million of expenses related to the tax restructuring. 
 

   

 
 (6) Includes $9.3 million of expenses associated with non-cash
compensation, changes in corporate entity structure and a Secondary Equity Offering. 
 

   

 
 (7) Includes a total of $103.3 million of expenses as follows: 
 

 

 
 · $13.6 million of non-cash compensation; 

 
 · $10.6 million related to tax due to the change in corporate structure; 

 
 · $15.4 million of expenses related to financing transactions in conjunction with the Acquisition of Prestige 

 
 · $37.2 million related to the Acquisition of Prestige which includes legal, accounting, consulting fees and integration and
severance costs; 

 
 · $25.6 million related to the Acquisition of Prestige of which $13.0 million related to the fair value adjustment of deferred
revenue and $12.6 million related to amortization expense; and 

 
 · $0.9 million related to the tax restructuring. 

   

 
 (8) Includes $4.1 million of expenses, net related to non-cash compensation, a Secondary Equity Offering and benefits incurred
from changes in corporate entity structure. 

   


 
     F- 30 
     

   


 
 
 
 
