
 10-K
 1
 d300268d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED STATES    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, DC 20549  
       
 FORM 10-K   
       
   
 
 
 ☒ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016    OR      
 
 
 ☐ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period
from                      to                  
               


 
      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Commission 
 File Number 
   
   Exact Name of Registrant as 
 Specified in its Charter, Principal Executive   Office Address, Zip Code and   Telephone Number, Including Area
Code 
   
   State of 
 Incorporation 
   
   I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No. 


 
   001-06033 
   
 United Continental Holdings, Inc.  233 South Wacker Drive Chicago, Illinois 60606 (872)
 825-4000 
   
 Delaware 
   
 36-2675207 
 
   001-10323 
   
 United Airlines, Inc. 233 South Wacker Drive Chicago, Illinois 60606 (872)  825-4000 

   
 Delaware 
   
 74-2099724 
         
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
   Title of Each Class 
   
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 


 
   United Continental Holdings, Inc. 
   
   Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
   
   New York Stock Exchange 
 
   United Airlines, Inc. 
   
   None 
   
   None 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
    
           United Continental Holdings, Inc. 
    
   
 None 
   
    
 
 
 
    
           United Airlines, Inc. 
    
   
 None 
   
    
 
         
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
   
   United Continental Holdings, Inc. 
   
 Yes  ☒    No  ☐ 
    
 
 
 
   
   United Airlines, Inc. 
   
 Yes  ☒    No  ☐ 
    
 
   Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d)
of the Act.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
   
   United Continental Holdings, Inc. 
   
 Yes  ☐    No  ☒ 
    
 
 
 
   
   United Airlines, Inc. 
   
 Yes  ☐    No  ☒ 
    
 
   Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
   
   United Continental Holdings, Inc. 
   
 Yes  ☒    No  ☐ 
    
 
 
 
   
   United Airlines, Inc. 
   
 Yes  ☒    No  ☐ 
    
 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any,
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T  (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
   
   United Continental Holdings, Inc. 
   
 Yes  ☒    No  ☐ 
    
 
 
 
   
   United Airlines, Inc. 
   
 Yes  ☒    No  ☐ 
    
 
   Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K  (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this  Form 10-K  or any amendment to this  Form 10-K.   
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
   
   United Continental Holdings, Inc.             
   
 ☒ 
    
 
 
 
   
   United Airlines, Inc. 
   
 ☒ 
    
 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a  non-accelerated  filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in  Rule 12b-2  of the Exchange Act. (Check one):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   United Continental 
 Holdings, Inc. 
   
 Large accelerated filer  ☒ 
   
 Accelerated filer  ☐ 
   
 Non-accelerated  filer  ☐ 
   
 Smaller reporting company  ☐ 
 
   United Airlines, Inc. 
   
 Large accelerated filer  ☐ 
   
 Accelerated filer  ☐ 
   
 Non-accelerated  filer  ☒ 
   
 Smaller reporting company  ☐ 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
 Rule 12b-2  of the Act).      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
   
   United Continental Holdings, Inc. 
   
 Yes  ☐    No  ☒ 
    
 
 
 
   
   United Airlines, Inc. 
   
 Yes  ☐    No  ☒ 
    
 
   The aggregate market value of common stock held by  non-affiliates  of United
Continental Holdings, Inc. was $12,558,237,332 as of June 30, 2016, based on the closing price of $41.04 on the New York Stock Exchange reported for that date. There is no market for United Airlines, Inc. common stock.  
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant’s classes of common stock, as of February 13, 2017.  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
   United Continental Holdings, Inc. 
    
 314,622,651 shares of common stock ($0.01 par value) 
 
   United Airlines, Inc. 
    
 1,000 (100% owned by United Continental Holdings, Inc.) 
   This combined Form  10-K  is separately filed by United Continental Holdings, Inc.
and United Airlines, Inc.    OMISSION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION    United Airlines, Inc. meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of Form  10-K  and are therefore filing this form with the reduced
disclosure format allowed under that General Instruction.    DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 Information required by Items 10, 11, 12 and 13 of Part III of this  Form 10-K  are incorporated by
reference for United Continental Holdings, Inc. from its definitive proxy statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  United Continental Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiary Companies  
 United Airlines, Inc. and Subsidiary Companies    Annual Report on  Form 10-K     For the Year Ended December 31, 2016      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
         Page        
 
   


 
 
    
 PART I 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 1. 
    
 Business 
    
   
 3 
   
 
   Item 1A. 
    
 Risk Factors 
    
   
 10 
   
 
   Item 1B. 
    
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 20 
   
 
   Item 2. 
    
 Properties 
    
   
 21 
   
 
   Item 3. 
    
 Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 22 
   
 
   Item 4. 
    
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 23 
   
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART II 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 5. 
    
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 24 
   
 
   Item 6. 
    
 Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 26 
   
 
   Item 7. 
    
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 28 
   
 
   Item 7A. 
    
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
   
 46 
   
 
   Item 8. 
    
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 48 
   
 
 
    
 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 62 
   
 
   Item 9. 
    
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 103 
   
 
   Item 9A. 
    
 Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 103 
   
 
   Item 9B. 
    
 Other Information 
    
   
 106 
   
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART III 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 10. 
    
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 106 
   
 
   Item 11. 
    
 Executive Compensation 
    
   
 107 
   
 
   Item 12. 
    
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
    
   
 107 
   
 
   Item 13. 
    
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 107 
   
 
   Item 14. 
    
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
    
   
 108 
   
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART IV 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 15. 
    
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
    
   
 109 
   
 
   Item 16. 
    
 Form  10-K  Summary 
    
   
 109 
   
 
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  This  Form 10-K  contains various “forward-looking
statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”).
Forward-looking statements represent our expectations and beliefs concerning future events, based on information available to us on the date of the filing of this  Form 10-K,  and are subject to various
risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those referenced in the forward-looking statements are listed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and in Part II, Item 7, Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We disclaim any intent or obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, unforeseen events, changed circumstances or
otherwise, except as required by applicable law.    PART I  
   
 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS.    Overview  
 United Continental Holdings, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “UAL” or the “Company”) is a holding company and its
principal, wholly-owned subsidiary is United Airlines, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “United”). As UAL consolidates United for financial statement purposes, disclosures that relate to activities of United also apply to
UAL, unless otherwise noted. United’s operating revenues and operating expenses comprise nearly 100% of UAL’s revenues and operating expenses. In addition, United comprises approximately the entire balance of UAL’s assets, liabilities
and operating cash flows. When appropriate, UAL and United are named specifically for their individual contractual obligations and related disclosures and any significant differences between the operations and results of UAL and United are
separately disclosed and explained. We sometimes use the words “we,” “our,” “us,” and the “Company” in this report for disclosures that relate to all of UAL and United.  
 UAL was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on December 30, 1968. Our principal executive office is located at 233 South Wacker
Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606 (telephone number  (872) 825-4000).     The Company’s website is
www.unitedcontinentalholdings.com. The information contained on or connected to the Company’s website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on  Form 10-K  and should not be
considered part of this or any other report filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Through this website, the Company’s filings with the SEC, including annual reports on
 Form 10-K,  quarterly reports on  Form 10-Q,  current reports on  Form 8-K,  and all amendments to those reports, as
well as our proxy statement for our annual meeting of stockholders, are accessible without charge, as soon as reasonably practicable, after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Such filings are also available on the
SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.    Operations    The Company transports people and cargo through its mainline and regional operations. With key global aviation rights in North America, Asia-Pacific, Europe, Middle East and Latin America, UAL has the
world’s most comprehensive global route network. UAL, through United and its regional carriers, operates more than 4,500 flights a day to 339 airports across five continents from the Company’s hubs at Newark Liberty International Airport
(“Newark”), Chicago O’Hare International Airport (“Chicago O’Hare”), Denver International Airport (“Denver”), George Bush Intercontinental Airport (“Houston Bush”), Los Angeles International Airport
(“LAX”), A.B. Won Pat International Airport (“Guam”), San Francisco International Airport (“SFO”) and Washington Dulles International Airport (“Washington Dulles”).  
 All of the Company’s domestic hubs are located in large business and population centers, contributing to a large amount of “origin and
destination” traffic. The hub and spoke system allows us to transport passengers between a large number of destinations with substantially more frequent service than if each route were served directly. The
 
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
hub system also allows us to add service to a new destination from a large number of cities using only one or a limited number of aircraft. As discussed under  Alliances  below, United
is a member of Star Alliance, the world’s largest alliance network.    Financial information on the Company’s operating revenues by
geographic regions, as reported to the U.S. Department of Transportation (the “DOT”), can be found in Note 17 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report.  
 Regional.  The Company has contractual relationships with various regional carriers to provide regional jet and
turboprop service branded as United Express. These regional operations are an extension of the Company’s mainline network. This regional service complements our operations by carrying traffic that connects to our mainline service and allows
flights to smaller cities that cannot be provided economically with mainline aircraft. Republic Airlines (“Republic”), Champlain Enterprises, LLC d/b/a CommutAir (“CommutAir”), ExpressJet Airlines (“ExpressJet”), GoJet
Airlines (“GoJet”), Mesa Airlines (“Mesa”), Shuttle America (“Shuttle”), SkyWest Airlines (“SkyWest”) and Trans States Airlines (“Trans States”) are all regional carriers, which operate most of their
capacity contracted to United under capacity purchase agreements (“CPAs”) with United. Under these CPAs, the Company pays the regional carriers contractually agreed fees (carrier-controlled costs) for operating these flights plus a
variable reimbursement (incentive payment for operational performance) based on agreed performance metrics. The fees for carrier-controlled costs are based on specific rates for various operating expenses of the regional carriers, such as crew
expenses, maintenance and aircraft ownership, some of which are multiplied by specific operating statistics (e.g., block hours, departures) while others are fixed monthly amounts. Under these CPAs, the Company is responsible for all fuel costs
incurred as well as landing fees, facilities rent and other costs, which are either passed through by the regional carrier to the Company without any markup or directly incurred by the Company. In return, the regional carriers operate this capacity
exclusively for United, on schedules determined by the Company. The Company also determines pricing and revenue management, assumes the inventory and distribution risk for the available seats and permits mileage accrual and redemption for regional
flights through its MileagePlus ®  loyalty program.    Alliances.  United is a member of Star Alliance, a global integrated airline network and the largest and most comprehensive airline alliance in the world. As of January 1, 2017, Star
Alliance carriers served 1,300 airports in 190 countries with 18,450 daily departures. Star Alliance members, in addition to United, are Adria Airways, Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Air China, Air India, Air New Zealand, All Nippon Airways
(“ANA”), Asiana Airlines, Austrian Airlines, Avianca, Avianca Brasil, Brussels Airlines, Copa Airlines, Croatia Airlines, EGYPTAIR, Ethiopian Airlines, EVA Air, LOT Polish Airlines, Lufthansa, SAS Scandinavian Airlines, Shenzhen Airlines,
Singapore Airlines, South African Airways, SWISS, TAP Portugal, THAI Airways International and Turkish Airlines. In October 2016, Star Alliance announced the future inclusion of Juneyao Airlines as a new connecting partner.  
 United has a variety of bilateral commercial alliance agreements and obligations with Star Alliance members, addressing, among other
things, reciprocal earning and redemption of frequent flyer miles, access to airport lounges and, with certain Star
Alliance   members, codesharing of flight operations
(whereby one carrier’s selected flights can be marketed under the brand name of another carrier). In addition to the alliance agreements with Star Alliance members, United currently maintains independent marketing alliance agreements with other
air carriers, including Aeromar, Aer Lingus, Air Dolomiti, Azul, Cape Air, Eurowings, Germanwings, Great Lakes Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines, Island Air, Jet Airways and Silver Airways. In addition to the marketing alliance agreements with air
partners, United also offers a  train-to-plane  codeshare and frequent flyer alliance with Amtrak from Newark on select city pairs in the northeastern United States.
   United also participates in three passenger joint ventures, one with Air Canada and the Lufthansa Group (which includes Lufthansa and its
affiliates Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, Eurowings and SWISS) covering transatlantic routes, one with ANA covering certain transpacific routes and one with Air New Zealand covering certain routes between the United States and New Zealand.
These passenger joint ventures enable the participating carriers to integrate the services they provide in the respective regions, capturing revenue synergies and delivering highly competitive flight schedules, fares and services. United has also
begun implementation of a  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
cargo joint venture with ANA for transpacific cargo services. This cargo joint venture offers expanded and more seamless access to cargo space across the carriers’ respective combined
networks.    Loyalty Program.  United’s MileagePlus program builds customer loyalty by offering awards, benefits and services
to program participants. Members in this program earn miles for flights on United, United Express, Star Alliance members and certain other airlines that participate in the program. Members can also earn miles by purchasing the goods and services of
our network of  non-airline  partners, such as credit card issuers, retail merchants, hotels and car rental companies. Members can redeem miles for free (other than taxes and government imposed fees), discounted
or upgraded travel and  non-travel  awards.    The Company has an agreement with Chase Bank USA, N.A.
(“Chase”), pursuant to which members of the Company’s MileagePlus loyalty program who are residents of the United States can earn miles for making purchases using a MileagePlus credit card issued by Chase. The agreement also provides
for joint marketing and other support for the MileagePlus credit card and provides Chase with other benefits such as permission to market to the Company’s customer database.    Approximately 5.2 million and 5.0 million MileagePlus flight awards were used on United in 2016 and 2015, respectively. These awards represented 7.7% and 7.5% of United’s total revenue
passenger miles in 2016 and 2015, respectively. Total miles redeemed for flights on United in 2016, including  class-of-service  upgrades, represented approximately 84% of
the total miles redeemed. In addition, excluding miles redeemed for flights on United, MileagePlus members redeemed miles for approximately 2.0 million other awards in 2016 as compared to 1.8 million in 2015. These awards include United
Club memberships, car and hotel awards, merchandise and flights on other air carriers.    Aircraft Fuel.  The table below summarizes
UAL’s aircraft fuel consumption and expense during the last three years.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
     Year 
    
 Gallons Consumed (in
millions) 
   
    
 Fuel Expense (in
millions) 
   
    
 Average Price Per Gallon 
   
    
 Percentage of Total Operating Expense 
   
    
   
   


 
 
   
   2016 
    
   
 3,904  
   
    
  $ 
 5,813 
   
    
  $ 
 1.49  
   
    
   
 18% 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
   
   2015 
    
   
 3,886  
   
    
  $ 
 7,522 
   
    
  $ 
 1.94  
   
    
   
 23% 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
   
   2014 
    
   
 3,905  
   
    
  $ 
 11,675 
   
    
  $ 
 2.99  
   
    
   
 32% 
   
    
 
 
 
   Our operational and financial results can be significantly impacted by changes in the price and availability of aircraft
fuel. To provide adequate supplies of fuel, the Company routinely enters into purchase contracts that are customarily indexed to market prices for aircraft fuel, and the Company generally has some ability to cover short-term fuel supply and
infrastructure disruptions at some major demand locations. The price of aircraft fuel has fluctuated substantially in the past several years and in order to lower its exposure to unpredictable increases in the market prices of aircraft fuel, the
Company has historically hedged a portion of its planned fuel requirements. As of December 31, 2016, the Company did not have any outstanding fuel hedging contracts. The Company’s current strategy is to not enter into transactions to hedge
its fuel consumption, although the Company regularly reviews its strategy based on market conditions and other factors.    Third-Party
Business.  United generates third-party business revenue that includes frequent flyer award  non-air  redemptions, maintenance services, catering and ground handling. Third-party business revenue is
recorded in Other operating revenue. Expenses associated with third-party business are recorded in Other operating expenses.  
 Distribution Channels.  The Company’s airline seat inventory and fares are distributed through the Company’s direct channels,
traditional travel agencies and  on-line  travel agencies. The use of the Company’s direct sales website, united.com, the Company’s mobile applications and alternative distribution systems,
provides the Company with an opportunity to  de-commoditize  its services, better present its content, make more targeted offerings, better retain its customers, enhance its brand and lower its ticket
distribution costs. Agency sales are  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
primarily sold using global distribution systems (“GDS”). United has developed capabilities to sell certain ancillary products through the GDS channel to provide an enhanced buying
experience for customers who purchase in that channel. To increase the Company’s opportunities to sell its full range of products and services and lower distribution costs, the Company will continue to develop new selling capabilities in
third-party channels and expand the capabilities of its website and mobile applications.    Industry Conditions  
 Domestic Competition.  The domestic airline industry is highly competitive and dynamic. The Company’s competitors consist primarily of
other airlines and, to a certain extent, other forms of transportation. Currently, any U.S. carrier deemed fit by the DOT is free to operate scheduled passenger service between any two points within the United States. Competition can be direct, in
the form of another carrier flying the exact  non-stop  route, or indirect, where a carrier serves the same two cities  non-stop  from an alternative airport in that city or
via an itinerary requiring a connection at another airport. Air carriers’ cost structures are not uniform and there are numerous factors influencing cost structure. Carriers with lower costs may offer lower fares to passengers, which could have
a potential negative impact on the Company’s revenues. Decisions on domestic pricing are based on intense competitive pressure exerted on the Company by other U.S. airlines. In order to remain competitive and maintain passenger traffic levels,
we often find it necessary to match competitors’ discounted fares. Since we compete in a dynamic marketplace, attempts to generate additional revenue through increased fares oftentimes fail.  
 International Competition.  Internationally, the Company competes not only with U.S. airlines, but also with foreign carriers. International
competition has increased and may increase in the future as a result of airline mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, alliances, restructurings, liberalization of aviation bilateral agreements and new or increased service by competitors,
including government subsidized competitors from certain Middle East countries. Competition on international routes is subject to varying degrees of governmental regulation. The Company’s ability to compete successfully with  non-U.S.  carriers on international routes depends in part on its ability to generate traffic to and from the entire United States via its integrated domestic route network and its ability to overcome business and
operational challenges across its network worldwide. Foreign carriers currently are prohibited by U.S. law from carrying local passengers between two points in the United States and the Company generally experiences comparable restrictions in
foreign countries. Separately, “fifth freedom rights” allow the Company to operate between points in two different foreign countries and foreign carriers may also have fifth freedom rights between the U.S. and another foreign country. In
the absence of fifth freedom rights, or some other extra-bilateral right to conduct operations between two foreign countries, U.S. carriers are constrained from carrying passengers to points beyond designated international gateway cities. To
compensate partially for these structural limitations, U.S. and foreign carriers have entered into alliances, joint ventures and marketing arrangements that enable these carriers to exchange traffic between each other’s flights and route
networks. See  Alliances,  above, for additional information.    Seasonality.  The air travel business is subject to seasonal
fluctuations. Historically, demand for air travel is higher in the second and third quarters, driving higher revenues, than in the first and fourth quarters, which are periods of lower travel demand.  
 Industry Regulation    Domestic
Regulation    All carriers engaged in air transportation in the United States are subject to regulation by the DOT. Absent an exemption,
no air carrier may provide air transportation of passengers or property without first being issued a DOT certificate of public convenience and necessity. The DOT also grants international route authority, approves international codeshare
arrangements and regulates methods of competition. The DOT regulates consumer protection and maintains jurisdiction over advertising, denied boarding compensation, tarmac delays, baggage liability and other areas and may add additional expensive
regulatory burdens in the future. The DOT has  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
launched investigations or claimed rulemaking authority to regulate commercial agreements among carriers or between carriers and third parties in a wide variety of contexts.  
 Airlines are also regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration (the “FAA”), an agency within the DOT, primarily in the areas of flight
safety, air carrier operations and aircraft maintenance and airworthiness. The FAA issues air carrier operating certificates and aircraft airworthiness certificates, prescribes maintenance procedures, oversees airport operations, and regulates pilot
and other employee training. From time to time, the FAA issues directives that require air carriers to inspect or modify aircraft and other equipment, potentially causing the Company to incur substantial, unplanned expenses. The airline industry is
also subject to numerous other federal laws and regulations. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security (“DHS”) has jurisdiction over virtually every aspect of civil aviation security. The Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice
(“DOJ”) has jurisdiction over certain airline competition matters. The U.S. Postal Service has authority over certain aspects of the transportation of mail by airlines. Labor relations in the airline industry are generally governed by the
Railway Labor Act (“RLA”), a federal statute. The Company is also subject to investigation inquiries by the DOT, FAA, DOJ, DHS and other U.S. and international regulatory bodies.    Airport Access.  Access to landing and  take-off  rights, or “slots,” at several major U.S. airports and many foreign airports served by the Company
are, or recently have been, subject to government regulation. Federally mandated domestic slot restrictions that limit operations and regulate capacity currently apply at Reagan National Airport in Washington, D.C. and at John F. Kennedy
International Airport and LaGuardia Airport in the New York City metropolitan region. Additional restrictions on airline routes and takeoff and landing slots at these and other airports may be proposed in the future that could affect the
Company’s rights of ownership and transfer. In April 2016, the FAA announced that it was lifting slot controls at Newark as of the winter 2016 season. This change may result in additional congestion at Newark and in the New York City
metropolitan region airspace as a whole. If slots are eliminated at an airport, or if the number of hours of operation governed by slots is reduced at an airport, the lack of controls on takeoffs and landings could result in greater congestion both
at the affected airport or in the regional airspace (e.g., the New York City metropolitan airspace) and could significantly impact the Company’s operations.    Legislation . The airline industry is subject to legislative activity that may have an impact on operations and costs. In 2017, the U.S. Congress will continue to consider legislation to reauthorize
the FAA, which encompasses all significant aviation tax and policy-related issues. As with previous reauthorization legislation, the U.S. Congress may consider a range of policy changes that could impact operations and costs. Finally, aviation
security continues to be the subject of legislative and regulatory action, requiring changes to the Company’s security processes, potentially increasing the cost of its security procedures and affecting its operations.  
 International Regulation  
 International air transportation is subject to extensive government regulation. In connection with the Company’s international services, the Company
is regulated by both the U.S. government and the governments of the foreign countries the Company serves. In addition, the availability of international routes to U.S. carriers is regulated by aviation agreements between the U.S. and foreign
governments, and in some cases, fares and schedules require the approval of the DOT and/or the relevant foreign governments.    Legislation.
 Foreign countries are increasingly enacting passenger protection laws, rules and regulations that meet or exceed U.S. requirements. In cases where this activity exceeds U.S. requirements, additional burden and liability may be placed on the
Company. Certain countries have regulations requiring passenger compensation and/or enforcement penalties from the Company in addition to changes in operating procedures due to canceled and delayed flights.  
 Airport Access.  Historically, access to foreign markets has been tightly controlled through bilateral agreements between the U.S. and each foreign
country involved. These agreements regulate the markets served, the number of carriers allowed to serve each market and the frequency of carriers’ flights. Since the early 1990s, the U.S. has pursued a policy of “Open Skies” (meaning
all U.S.-flag carriers have access to the destination), under which the  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
U.S. government has negotiated a number of bilateral agreements allowing unrestricted access between U.S. and foreign markets. Currently, there are more than 100 Open Skies agreements in effect.
However, even with Open Skies, many of the airports that the Company serves in Europe, Asia and Latin America maintain slot controls. A large number of these slot controls exist due to congestion, environmental and noise protection and reduced
capacity due to runway and air traffic control (“ATC”) construction work, among other reasons. London Heathrow International Airport, Frankfurt Rhein-Main Airport, Shanghai Pudong International Airport, Beijing Capital International
Airport, Sao Paulo Guarulhos International Airport and Tokyo Haneda International Airport are among the most restrictive foreign airports due to slot and capacity limitations.    The Company’s ability to serve some foreign markets and expand into certain others is limited by the absence of aviation agreements between the U.S. government and the relevant foreign governments.
Shifts in U.S. or foreign government aviation policies may lead to the alteration or termination of air service agreements. Depending on the nature of any such change, the value of the Company’s international route authorities and slot rights
may be materially enhanced or diminished.    Environmental Regulation    The airline industry is subject to increasingly stringent federal, state, local and international environmental requirements, including those regulating emissions to air, water discharges, safe drinking
water and the use and management of hazardous substances and wastes.    Climate Change . There is an increasing global regulatory focus on
greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions and their potential impacts relating to climate change. In October 2013, the International Civil Aviation Organization (“ICAO”), a United Nations body, agreed to develop a global market based
measure to address carbon emissions from international aviation, which was adopted in October 2016. The program, the Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation (“CORSIA”), is intended to create a single global
market-based measure to achieve carbon-neutral growth for international aviation after 2020, which will be achieved through airline purchases of carbon offset credits. Certain CORSIA program details remain to be developed and the impact of CORSIA
cannot be fully predicted, but CORSIA is expected to increase operating costs for airlines that operate internationally. In 2016, ICAO also adopted a carbon dioxide (“CO2”) emission standard for aircraft and the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency has started the process required to adopt the standard. While the precise timing and final form of these various programs and requirements continue to evolve, the Company is taking various actions that are expected to help to
reduce its CO2 emissions over time such as fleet renewal, aircraft retrofits and the commercialization of aviation alternative fuels.    Other
Regulations . Our operations are subject to a variety of other environmental laws and regulations both in the United States and internationally. These include noise-related restrictions on aircraft types and operating times, which have or could
in the future, result in curtailments in services, increased operating costs or limits on expansion. Certain foreign airports and/or governments either have or are seeking to establish environmental fees applicable to carbon emissions, local air
quality pollutants and/or noise. In the United States, new regulations affecting underground storage tanks became effective in 2015, which are expected to affect certain airport fuel hydrant systems, potentially impacting operating costs. The
implementation of revised national ambient air quality standards for ozone by individual affected states, scheduled for early 2020, is expected to trigger restrictions on mobile sources such as cars, trucks and airport ground support equipment in
those jurisdictions where ozone levels exceed the new standards. Finally, environmental cleanup laws can require the Company to undertake or subject the Company to liability for investigation and remediation costs at owned or leased locations or
third party disposal locations.    Until applicability of new regulations to our specific operations is better defined and/or when new
regulations are finalized, future costs to comply with such regulations will remain uncertain but are likely to increase our operating costs over time. While we continue to monitor these developments, the precise nature of future requirements
and their applicability to the Company are difficult to predict, but the financial impact to the Company and the aviation industry could be significant.  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Employees    As of December 31, 2016, UAL, including its subsidiaries, had approximately 88,000 employees. Approximately 80% of the Company’s employees were represented by various U.S. labor organizations as
of December 31, 2016.    Collective bargaining agreements between the Company and its represented employee groups are negotiated under the
RLA. Such agreements typically do not contain an expiration date and instead specify an amendable date, upon which the agreement is considered “open for amendment.” In 2016, the Company finalized new or extension agreements with all 11 of
its U.S. employee groups, including joint collective bargaining agreements with its flight attendants and technicians and related employees.  
 The following table reflects the Company’s represented employee groups, the number of employees per represented group, union representation for each
of United’s employee groups, and the amendable date for each employee group’s collective bargaining agreement as of December 31, 2016:      
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
   Employee 
 Group 
   
   
 Number of Employees 
     
   
   Union 
   
   Agreement Open 
 for Amendment 
 
   Flight Attendants 
   
   
 22,779 
   
   
 Association of Flight Attendants (the “AFA”) 
   
 August 2021 
 
   Fleet Service 
   
   
 12,812 
   
   
 International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (the “IAM”) 
   
 December 2021 
 
   Passenger Service 
   
   
 12,012 
   
   
 IAM 
   
 December 2021 
 
   Pilots 
   
   
 11,454 
   
   
 Air Line Pilots Association, International 
   
 January 2019 
 
   Technicians and Related &   Flight Simulator Technicians 
   
   
 9,521 
   
   
 International Brotherhood of Teamsters (the “IBT”) 
   
 December 2022 
 
 Storekeeper Employees 
   
   
 977 
   
   
 IAM 
   
 December 2021 
 
 Dispatchers 
   
   
 396 
   
   
 Professional Airline Flight Control Association 
   
 December 2021 
 
 Fleet Tech Instructors 
   
   
 128 
   
   
 IAM 
   
 December 2021 
 
 Load Planners 
   
   
 67 
   
   
 IAM 
   
 December 2021 
 
 Security Officers 
   
   
 50 
   
   
 IAM 
   
 December 2021 
 
 Maintenance Instructors 
   
   
 42 
   
   
 IAM 
   
 December 2021 
 
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS.    The following risk
factors should be read carefully when evaluating the Company’s business and the forward-looking statements contained in this report and other statements the Company or its representatives make from time to time. Any of the following risks could
materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, operating results, financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this report.  
 Global economic, political and industry conditions constantly change and unfavorable conditions may have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s business and results of operations.    The Company’s business and results of operations are significantly impacted by
global economic and industry conditions. The airline industry is highly cyclical, and the level of demand for air travel is correlated to the strength of the U.S. and global economies. The Company is a global business with operations outside of the
United States from which it derives significant operating revenues. The Company’s international operations are a vital part of its worldwide airline network. Volatile economic, political and market conditions in these international regions may
have a negative impact on the Company’s operating results and its ability to achieve its business objectives.    Robust demand for the
Company’s air transportation services depends largely on favorable economic conditions, including the strength of the domestic and foreign economies, low unemployment levels, strong consumer confidence levels and the availability of consumer
and business credit. Air transportation is often a discretionary purchase that leisure travelers may limit or eliminate during difficult economic times. In addition, during periods of unfavorable economic conditions, business travelers usually
reduce the volume of their travel, either due to cost-saving initiatives or as a result of decreased business activity requiring travel. During such periods, the Company’s business and results of operations may be adversely affected due to
significant declines in industry passenger demand, particularly with respect to the Company’s business and premium cabin travelers, and a reduction in fare levels.    Stagnant or weakening global economic conditions either in the United States or in other geographic regions, and any future volatility in U.S. and global financial and credit markets may have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s revenues, results of operations and liquidity. If such economic conditions were to disrupt capital markets in the future, the Company may be unable to obtain financing on acceptable terms (or at all) to refinance
certain maturing debt and to satisfy future capital commitments.    Recently, United Kingdom (“UK”) voters voted for the UK to exit the
European Union (the “EU”), a  non-binding  referendum that, if passed into law, could adversely affect European and worldwide economic and market conditions and could contribute to instability in
global financial and foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the value of the British pound and European euro, additional travel restrictions on passengers traveling between the UK and other EU countries and legal uncertainty and
potentially divergent national laws and regulations. These adverse effects in European market conditions could negatively impact the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.  
 In addition, significant or volatile changes in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies may have a material adverse impact upon the
Company’s liquidity, revenues, costs and operating results.    The airline industry is highly competitive and susceptible to price
discounting and changes in capacity, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company.    The U.S. airline industry is
characterized by substantial price competition including from  low-cost  carriers. The significant market presence of  low-cost  carriers, which engage in substantial price
discounting, may diminish our ability to achieve sustained profitability on domestic and international routes.    Airlines also compete for
market share by increasing or decreasing their capacity, including route systems and the number of markets served. Several of the Company’s domestic and international competitors have increased
 
      10  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
their international capacity by including service to some destinations that the Company currently serves, causing overlap in destinations served and therefore increasing competition for those
destinations. This increased competition in both domestic and international markets may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.  
 Terrorist attacks or international hostilities, or the fear of terrorist attacks or hostilities, even if not made directly on the airline industry,
could negatively affect the Company and the airline industry.    The terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001 involving commercial
aircraft severely and adversely impacted the Company’s financial condition and results of operations, as well as the prospects for the airline industry. Among the effects experienced from the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks were
substantial flight disruption costs caused by the  FAA-imposed  temporary grounding of the U.S. airline industry’s fleet, significantly increased security costs and associated passenger inconvenience,
increased insurance costs, substantially higher ticket refunds and significantly decreased traffic and passenger revenue.    Additional terrorist
attacks, even if not made directly on the airline industry, or the fear of or the precautions taken in anticipation of such attacks (including elevated national threat warnings or selective cancellation or redirection of flights) could materially
and adversely affect the Company and the airline industry. Wars and other international hostilities could also have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. The Company’s
financial resources may not be sufficient to absorb the adverse effects of any future terrorist attacks or other international hostilities.  
 Increasing privacy and data security obligations or a significant data breach may adversely affect the Company’s business.  
 The Company is subject to increasing legislative, regulatory and customer focus on privacy issues and data security. Also, a number of the Company’s
commercial partners, including credit card companies, have imposed data security standards that the Company must meet and these standards continue to evolve. The Company will continue its efforts to meet its privacy and data security obligations;
however, it is possible that certain new obligations may be difficult to meet and could increase the Company’s costs. Additionally, the Company must manage evolving cybersecurity risks. The loss, disclosure, misappropriation of or access to
customers’, employees’ or business partners’ information or the Company’s failure to meet its obligations could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties. A significant data breach or the
Company’s failure to meet its obligations may adversely affect the Company’s reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition.    The Company relies heavily on technology and automated systems to operate its business and any significant failure or disruption of the technology or these systems could materially harm its
business.    The Company depends on automated systems and technology to operate its business, including computerized airline reservation
systems, flight operations systems, revenue management systems, accounting systems, telecommunication systems and commercial websites, including www.united.com. United’s website and other automated systems must be able to accommodate a high
volume of traffic, maintain secure information and deliver important flight and schedule information, as well as process critical financial transactions. These systems could suffer substantial or repeated disruptions due to various events, some of
which are beyond the Company’s control, including natural disasters, power failures, terrorist attacks, equipment or software failures, computer viruses or cyber security attacks. Substantial or repeated systems failures or disruptions,
including failures or disruptions related to the Company’s complex integration of systems, could reduce the attractiveness of the Company’s services versus those of its competitors, materially impair its ability to market its services and
operate its flights, result in the unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, result in increased costs, lost revenue and the loss or compromise of important data, and may adversely affect the Company’s business,
results of operations and financial condition.  
      11  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Current or future litigation and regulatory actions, or failure to comply with the terms of any
settlement, order or arrangement relating to these actions, could have a material adverse impact on the Company.    From time to time, we
are subject to litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings relating to our business or investigations or other actions by governmental agencies, including as described in Part I, Item 3 “Legal Proceedings” of this annual report
on Form  10-K.  No assurances can be given that the results of these or new matters will be favorable to us. An adverse resolution of lawsuits, arbitrations, investigations or other proceedings or actions could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, including as a result of  non-monetary  remedies. Defending ourselves in these matters may be time-consuming, expensive and
disruptive to normal business operations and may result in significant expense and a diversion of management’s time and attention from the operation of our business, which could impede our ability to achieve our business objectives.
Additionally, any amount that we may be required to pay to satisfy a judgment, settlement, fine or penalty may not be covered by insurance. If we fail to comply with the terms contained in any settlement, order or agreement with a governmental
authority relating to these matters, we could be subject to criminal or civil penalties, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company. Under our charter and certain indemnification agreements that we have entered into (and may in the
future enter into) with our officers, directors and certain third parties, we could be required to indemnify and advance expenses to them in connection with their involvement in certain actions, suits, investigations and other proceedings. There can
be no assurance that any of these payments will not be material.    Disruptions to the Company’s regional network and United Express
flights provided by third-party regional carriers could adversely affect the Company’s operations and financial condition.    The
Company has contractual relationships with various regional carriers to provide regional jet and turboprop service branded as United Express. These regional operations are an extension of the Company’s mainline network and complement the
Company’s operations by carrying traffic that connects to mainline service and allows flights to smaller cities that cannot be provided economically with mainline aircraft. The Company’s business and operations are dependent on its
regional flight network, with regional capacity accounting for approximately 11% of the Company’s total capacity as of December 31, 2016.    Although the Company has agreements with its regional carriers that include contractually agreed performance metrics, the Company does not control the operations of these carriers. A number of factors may
impact the Company’s regional network, including weather-related effects and seasonality. In addition, the decrease in qualified pilots driven by federal regulations has adversely impacted and could continue to affect the Company’s
regional flying. For example, the FAA’s expansion of minimum pilot qualification standards, including a requirement that a pilot have at least 1,500 total flight hours, as well as the FAA’s revised pilot flight and duty time rules,
effective January 2014, have contributed to a smaller supply of pilots available to regional carriers. The decrease in qualified pilots resulting from the regulations as well as factors including a decreased student pilot population and a shrinking
U.S. military from which to hire qualified pilots, could adversely impact the Company’s operations and financial condition, and also require the Company to reduce regional carrier flying.    If a significant disruption occurs to the Company’s regional network or flights or if one or more of the regional carriers with which the Company has relationships is unable to perform their
obligations over an extended period of time, there could be a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and operations.    The Company’s business relies extensively on third-party service providers. Failure of these parties to perform as expected, or interruptions in the Company’s relationships with these
providers or their provision of services to the Company, could have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial position and results of operations.    The Company has engaged third-party service providers to perform a large number of functions that are integral to its business, including regional operations, operation of customer service call centers,
distribution and sale of airline seat inventory, provision of information technology infrastructure and services, transmitting or uploading of data, provision of aircraft maintenance and repairs, provision of various utilities and performance of
aircraft  
      12  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
fueling operations, among other vital functions and services. The Company does not directly control these third-party service providers, although it does enter into agreements with most of them
that define expected service performance. Any of these third-party service providers, however, may materially fail to meet their service performance commitments to the Company, may suffer disruptions to their systems that could impact their
services, or the agreements with such providers may be terminated. For example, flight reservations booked by customers and travel agencies via third-party GDSs may be adversely affected by disruptions in the business relationships between the
Company and GDS operators. Such disruptions, including a failure to agree upon acceptable contract terms when contracts expire or otherwise become subject to renegotiation, may cause the Company’s flight information to be limited or unavailable
for display, significantly increase fees for both the Company and GDS users and impair the Company’s relationships with its customers and travel agencies. The failure of any of the Company’s third-party service providers to perform their
service obligations adequately, or other interruptions of services, may reduce the Company’s revenues and increase its expenses, prevent the Company from operating its flights and providing other services to its customers or result in adverse
publicity or harm to its brand. In addition, the Company’s business and financial performance could be materially harmed if its customers believe that its services are unreliable or unsatisfactory.  
 Orders for new aircraft typically must be placed years in advance of scheduled deliveries, and changes in the Company’s route network over
time may make aircraft on order less economic for the Company, but any modification or termination of such orders could result in material liability for the Company.    The Company’s orders for new aircraft are typically made years in advance of actual delivery of such aircraft, and the financial commitment required for purchases of new aircraft is substantial. At
December 31, 2016, the Company had firm commitments to purchase 257 new aircraft from The Boeing Company (“Boeing”), Airbus S.A.S (“Airbus”) and Embraer S.A. (“Embraer”), as well as related agreements with engine
manufacturers, maintenance providers and others. At December 31, 2016, the Company’s commitments relating to the acquisition of aircraft and related spare engines, aircraft improvements and other related obligations aggregated
$23.6 billion.    Subsequent to the Company placing an order for new aircraft, the Company’s route network may change, such that the
aircraft on order become less economic to operate flights in the Company’s network. As a result, the Company’s preference for a particular aircraft that it has ordered, often years in advance, may be decreased or eliminated. If the Company
were to seek to modify or terminate its existing aircraft order commitments, it may be responsible for material obligations to its counterparties arising from any such change. However, the Company expects that any such change that it makes would be
in the long-term best economic interest of the Company.    The Company could experience adverse publicity, harm to its brand, reduced
travel demand and potential tort liability as a result of an accident, catastrophe, or incident involving its aircraft, the aircraft of its regional carriers or the aircraft of its codeshare partners, which may result in a material adverse effect on
the Company’s results of operations or financial position.    An accident, catastrophe, or incident involving an aircraft that the
Company operates, or an aircraft that is operated by a codeshare partner or one of the Company’s regional carriers, could have a material adverse effect on the Company if such accident, catastrophe, or incident created a public perception that
the Company’s operations, or the operations of its codeshare partners or regional carriers, are not safe or reliable, or are less safe or reliable than other airlines. Such public perception could in turn result in adverse publicity for the
Company, cause harm to the Company’s brand and reduce travel demand on the Company’s flights, or the flights of its codeshare partners or regional carriers.    In addition, any such accident, catastrophe, or incident could expose the Company to significant tort liability. Although the Company currently maintains liability insurance in amounts and of the type the
Company believes to be consistent with industry practice to cover damages arising from any such accident or catastrophe, and the Company’s codeshare partners and regional carriers carry similar insurance and generally indemnify the
 
      13  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Company for their operations, if the Company’s liability exceeds the applicable policy limits or the ability of another carrier to indemnify it, the Company could incur substantial losses
from an accident, catastrophe or incident which may result in a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations or financial position.    If we experience changes in, or are unable to retain, our senior management team or other key employees, our operating results could be adversely affected.  
 Much of our future success depends on the continued availability of skilled personnel with industry experience and knowledge, including our senior
management team and other key employees. If we are unable to attract and retain talented, highly qualified senior management and other key employees, or if we are unable to effectively provide for the succession of senior management, our business
may be adversely affected.    High and/or volatile fuel prices or significant disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel could have a
material adverse impact on the Company’s strategic plans, operating results, financial position and liquidity.    Aircraft fuel is
critical to the Company’s operations and is one of its single largest operating expenses. The timely and adequate supply of fuel to meet operational demand depends on the continued availability of reliable fuel supply sources, as well as
related service and delivery infrastructure. Although the Company has some ability to cover short-term fuel supply and infrastructure disruptions at some major demand locations, it can neither predict nor guarantee the continued timely availability
of aircraft fuel throughout the Company’s system. The Company generally sources fuel at prevailing market prices.    Aircraft fuel has
historically been the Company’s most volatile operating expense due to the highly unpredictable nature of market prices for fuel. Market prices for aircraft fuel have historically fluctuated substantially in short periods of time and continue
to be highly volatile due a dependence on a multitude of unpredictable factors beyond the Company’s control. These factors include changes in global crude oil prices, the balance between aircraft fuel supply and demand, natural disasters,
prevailing inventory levels and fuel production and transportation infrastructure. Prices of fuel are also impacted by indirect factors that may potentially impact fuel supply or demand balance, such as geopolitical events, economic growth
indicators, fiscal/monetary policies, fuel tax policies, environmental concerns and financial investments in energy markets. Both actual changes in these factors, as well as changes in market expectations of these factors can potentially drive rapid
changes in fuel price levels in short periods of time.    Given the highly competitive nature of the airline industry, the Company may not be
able to increase its fares and fees sufficiently to offset the full impact of increases in fuel prices, especially if these increases are significant, rapid and sustained. Further, such fare and fee increases may not be sustainable, may reduce the
general demand for air travel and may also eventually impact the Company’s strategic growth and investment plans for the future. In addition, decreases in fuel prices for an extended period of time may result in increased industry capacity,
increased competitive actions for market share and lower fares or surcharges in general. If fuel prices were to then subsequently rise quickly, there may be a lag between the rise in fuel prices and any improvement of the revenue environment.
   To protect against increases in the market prices of fuel, the Company may hedge a portion of its future fuel requirements. However, the
Company’s hedging program may not be successful in mitigating higher fuel costs, and any price protection provided may be limited due to choice of hedging instruments and market conditions, including breakdown of correlation between hedging
instrument and market price of aircraft fuel and failure of hedge counterparties. To the extent that the Company decides to hedge a portion of its future fuel requirements and uses hedge contracts that have the potential to create an obligation to
pay upon settlement if fuel prices decline significantly, such hedge contracts may limit the Company’s ability to benefit fully from lower fuel costs in the future. If fuel prices decline significantly from the levels existing at the time the
Company enters into a hedge contract, the Company may be required to post collateral (margin) beyond certain thresholds. There can be no assurance that the Company’s hedging arrangements will provide any particular level of protection against
 
      14  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
rises in fuel prices or that its counterparties will be able to perform under the Company’s hedging arrangements. Additionally, deterioration in the Company’s financial condition could
negatively affect its ability to enter into new hedge contracts in the future.    See Note 10 to the financial statements included in Part II,
Item 8 of this report for additional information on the Company’s hedging activities.    Union disputes, employee strikes or
slowdowns, and other labor-related disruptions could adversely affect the Company’s operations and could result in increased costs that impair its financial performance.    United is a highly unionized company. As of December 31, 2016, the Company and its subsidiaries had approximately 88,000 active employees, of whom approximately 80% were represented by various U.S.
labor organizations.    There is a risk that unions or individual employees might pursue judicial or arbitral claims arising out of changes
implemented as a result of the Company entering into collective bargaining agreements with its represented employee groups. There is also a possibility that employees or unions could engage in job actions such as slowdowns,  work-to-rule  campaigns, sick-outs or other actions designed to disrupt the Company’s normal operations, in an attempt to pressure the Company in collective bargaining
negotiations. Although the RLA makes such actions unlawful until the parties have been lawfully released to self-help, and the Company can seek injunctive relief against premature self-help, such actions can cause significant harm even if ultimately
enjoined. In addition, collective bargaining agreements with the Company’s represented employee groups increase the Company’s labor costs, which increase could be material for any applicable reporting period.  
 See Notes 15 and 16 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information on labor negotiations and costs.
   An outbreak of a disease or similar public health threat could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, financial
position and results of operations.    An outbreak of a disease or similar public health threat that affects travel demand or travel
behavior, or travel restrictions or reduction in the demand for air travel caused by an outbreak of a disease or similar public health threat in the future, could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, financial condition and
results of operations.    Extensive government regulation could increase the Company’s operating costs and restrict its ability to
conduct its business.    Airlines are subject to extensive regulatory and legal oversight. Compliance with U.S. and international
regulations imposes significant costs and may have adverse effects on the Company. Laws, regulations, taxes and airport rates and charges, both domestically and internationally, have been proposed from time to time that could significantly increase
the cost of airline operations or reduce airline revenue.    United provides air transportation under certificates of public convenience and
necessity issued by the DOT. If the DOT altered, amended, modified, suspended or revoked these certificates, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. The FAA regulates the safety of United’s operations. United
operates pursuant to an air carrier operating certificate issued by the FAA. In January 2014, the FAA’s more stringent pilot flight and duty time requirements under Part 117 of the Federal Aviation Regulations took effect, which has increased
costs for all carriers. In July 2014, minimum qualifications took effect for air carrier first officers. These regulations will continue to impact the industry and the Company for years to come, as they have caused mainline airlines to hire regional
pilots, while simultaneously significantly reducing the pool of new pilots from which regional carriers themselves can hire. Although this is an industry issue, it directly affects the Company and requires it to reduce regional partner flying, as
several regional partners have experienced difficulty flying their schedules due to reduced pilot availability. From time to time, the FAA also issues orders, airworthiness  
      15  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
directives and other regulations relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft that require material expenditures or operational restrictions by the Company. These FAA orders and
directives could include the temporary grounding of an entire aircraft type if the FAA identifies design, manufacturing, maintenance or other issues requiring immediate corrective action. These FAA directives or requirements could have a material
adverse effect on the Company.    In addition, the Company’s operations may be adversely impacted due to the existing antiquated ATC system
utilized by the U.S. government. During peak travel periods in certain markets, the current ATC system’s inability to handle ATC demand has led to short-term capacity constraints imposed by government agencies and resulted in delays and
disruptions of air traffic. In addition, the current system will not be able to effectively handle projected future air traffic growth. Imposition of these ATC constraints on a long-term basis may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
operations. Failure to update the ATC system in a timely manner, and the substantial funding requirements of a modernized ATC system that may be imposed on air carriers may have an adverse impact on the Company’s financial condition or results
of operations.    Access to landing and  take-off  rights, or “slots,” at several major U.S.
airports and many foreign airports served by the Company are, or recently have been, subject to government regulation. Certain of the Company’s major hubs are among the most congested airports in the United States and have been or could be
the subject of regulatory action that might limit the number of flights and/or increase costs of operations at certain times or throughout the day. The FAA may limit the Company’s airport access by limiting the number of departure and arrival
slots at high density traffic airports, which could affect the Company’s ownership and transfer rights, and local airport authorities may have the ability to control access to certain facilities or the cost of access to their facilities, which
could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business. The FAA historically has taken actions with respect to airlines’ slot holdings that airlines have challenged; if the FAA were to take actions that adversely affect the Company’s
slot holdings, the Company could incur substantial costs to preserve its slots or may lose slots. If slots are eliminated at an airport, or if the number of hours of operation governed by slots is reduced at an airport, the lack of controls on
takeoffs and landings could result in greater congestion both at the affected airport or in the regional airspace (e.g., the New York City metropolitan region airspace) and could significantly impact the Company’s operations. Further, the
Company’s operating costs at airports, including the Company’s major hubs, may increase significantly because of capital improvements at such airports that the Company may be required to fund, directly or indirectly. Such costs could be
imposed by the relevant airport authority without the Company’s approval and may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition.    The ability of carriers to operate flights on international routes between the United States and other countries may be subject to change. Applicable arrangements between the United States and foreign
governments may be amended from time to time, government policies with respect to airport operations may be revised, and the availability of appropriate slots or facilities may change. The Company currently operates a number of flights on
international routes under government arrangements, regulations or policies that designate the number of carriers permitted to operate on such routes, the capacity of the carriers providing services on such routes, the airports at which carriers may
operate international flights, or the number of carriers allowed access to particular airports. Any further limitations, additions or modifications to such arrangements, regulations or policies could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s financial position and results of operations. Additionally, a change in law, regulation or policy for any of the Company’s international routes, such as Open Skies, could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s
financial position and results of operations and could result in the impairment of material amounts of related tangible and intangible assets. In addition, competition from revenue-sharing joint ventures and other alliance arrangements by and among
other airlines could impair the value of the Company’s business and assets on the Open Skies routes. The Company’s plans to enter into or expand U.S. antitrust immunized alliances and joint ventures on various international routes are
subject to receipt of approvals from applicable U.S. federal authorities and obtaining other applicable foreign government clearances or satisfying the necessary applicable regulatory requirements. There can be no assurance that such approvals
and clearances will be granted or will continue in effect upon further regulatory review or that changes in regulatory requirements or standards can be satisfied.  
      16  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Many aspects of the Company’s operations are also subject to increasingly stringent federal, state,
local and international laws protecting the environment. Future environmental regulatory developments, such as climate change regulations in the United States and abroad could adversely affect operations and increase operating costs in the airline
industry. In addition, there is the potential for additional regulatory actions in regard to the emission of GHGs by the aviation industry. The precise nature of future requirements and their applicability to the Company are difficult to predict,
but the financial impact to the Company and the aviation industry would likely be adverse and could be significant.    In 2017, the U.S. Congress
will continue to consider legislation to reauthorize the FAA, which encompasses all significant aviation tax and policy related issues. As with previous reauthorization legislation, the U.S. Congress may consider a range of policy changes that could
impact the Company’s operations and costs.    See Part I, Item 1, Business—Industry Regulation, of this report for additional
information on government regulation impacting the Company.    The airline industry may undergo further change with respect to alliances
and joint ventures or due to consolidations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company.    The Company faces and
may continue to face strong competition from other carriers due to the modification of alliances and formation of new joint ventures. Carriers may improve their competitive positions through airline alliances, slot swaps and/or joint ventures.
Certain types of airline joint ventures further competition by allowing multiple airlines to coordinate routes, pool revenues and costs, and enjoy other mutual benefits, achieving many of the benefits of consolidation. “Open Skies”
agreements, including the agreements between the United States and the EU and between the United States and Japan, may also give rise to better integration opportunities among international carriers. Movement of airlines between current global
airline alliances could reduce joint network coverage for members of such alliances while also creating opportunities for joint ventures and bilateral alliances that did not exist before such realignment. There is ongoing speculation that further
airline and airline alliance consolidations or reorganizations could occur in the future, especially if new “Open Skies” agreements between Brazil and the United States are fully implemented. The Company routinely engages in analysis and
discussions regarding its own strategic position, including current and potential alliances, asset acquisitions and divestitures and may have future discussions with other airlines regarding strategic activities. If other airlines participate in
such activities, those airlines may significantly improve their cost structures or revenue generation capabilities, thereby potentially making them stronger competitors of the Company and potentially impairing the Company’s ability to realize
expected benefits from its own strategic relationships.    Insufficient liquidity may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
financial position and business.    The Company has a significant amount of financial leverage from fixed obligations, including aircraft
lease and debt financings, leases of airport property and other facilities, and other material cash obligations. In addition, the Company has substantial noncancelable commitments for capital expenditures, including for the acquisition of new
aircraft and related spare engines.    Although the Company’s cash flows from operations and its available capital, including the proceeds
from financing transactions, have been sufficient to meet these obligations and commitments to date, the Company’s future liquidity could be negatively affected by the risk factors discussed in this Item 1A., including, but not limited to,
substantial volatility in the price of fuel, adverse economic conditions, disruptions in the global capital markets and catastrophic external events.    If the Company’s liquidity is materially diminished due to the various risk factors noted in this Item 1A. or otherwise, the Company might not be able to timely pay its leases and debts or comply
with certain operating and financial covenants under its financing and credit card processing agreements or with other material provisions of its contractual obligations. Certain of these covenants require the Company or United, as applicable, to
maintain minimum liquidity and/or minimum collateral coverage ratios. The Company’s or United’s ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond its control, including the overall industry revenue environment, the
level of fuel costs and the appraised value of the collateral.  
      17  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  If the Company does not timely pay its leases and debts or comply with such covenants, a variety of adverse
consequences could result. These potential adverse consequences include an increase of required reserves under credit card processing agreements, withholding of credit card sale proceeds by its credit card service providers, loss of undrawn lines of
credit, the occurrence of one or more events of default under the relevant agreements, the acceleration of the maturity of debt and/or the exercise of other remedies by its creditors and equipment lessors that could result in a material adverse
effect on the Company’s financial position and results of operations. The Company cannot provide assurance that it would have sufficient liquidity to repay or refinance such debt if it were accelerated. In addition, an event of default or
acceleration of debt under certain of its financing agreements could result in one or more events of default under certain of the Company’s other financing agreements due to cross default and cross acceleration provisions.  
 Furthermore, insufficient liquidity may limit the Company’s ability to withstand competitive pressures and downturns in the travel business and the
economy in general.    The Company’s substantial level of indebtedness and  non-investment  grade
credit rating, as well as market conditions and the availability of assets as collateral for loans or other indebtedness, may make it difficult for the Company to raise additional capital if needed to meet its liquidity needs on acceptable terms, or
at all.    See Part II, Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of this report for
additional information regarding the Company’s liquidity.    Increases in insurance costs or reductions in insurance coverage may
materially and adversely impact the Company’s results of operations and financial condition.    The Company could be exposed to
significant liability or loss if its property or operations were to be affected by a natural catastrophe or other event, including aircraft accidents. If the Company is unable to obtain sufficient insurance (including but not limited to terrorism,
aviation hull and liability, workers’ compensation and property and business interruption insurance) with acceptable terms or if the coverage obtained is insufficient relative to actual liability or losses that the Company experiences, whether
due to insurance market conditions or otherwise, its results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.  
 The Company’s results of operations fluctuate due to seasonality and other factors associated with the airline industry.  
 Due to greater demand for air travel during the spring and summer months, revenues in the airline industry in the second and third quarters of the year
are generally stronger than revenues in the first and fourth quarters of the year, which are periods of lower travel demand. The Company’s results of operations generally reflect this seasonality, but have also been impacted by numerous other
factors that are not necessarily seasonal including, among others, the imposition of excise and similar taxes, extreme or severe weather, ATC congestion, geological events, natural disasters, changes in the competitive environment due to industry
consolidation, general economic conditions and other factors. As a result, the Company’s quarterly operating results are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire year and historical operating results in a quarterly or
annual period are not necessarily indicative of future operating results.    The Company may never realize the full value of its
intangible assets or its long-lived assets causing it to record impairments that may negatively affect its financial position and results of operations.    In accordance with applicable accounting standards, the Company is required to test its indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if conditions indicate that
an impairment may have occurred. In addition, the Company is required to test certain of its other assets for impairment if conditions indicate that an impairment may have occurred.    The Company may be required to recognize impairments in the future due to, among other factors, extreme fuel price volatility, tight credit markets, a decline in the fair value of certain tangible or
intangible assets,  
      18  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
unfavorable trends in historical or forecasted results of operations and cash flows and an uncertain economic environment, as well as other uncertainties. The Company can provide no assurance
that a material impairment charge of tangible or intangible assets will not occur in a future period. The value of the Company’s aircraft could be impacted in future periods by changes in supply and demand for these aircraft. Such changes in
supply and demand for certain aircraft types could result from grounding of aircraft by the Company or other carriers. An impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position and results of operations.
   The Company’s ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income for U.S. federal income tax
purposes may be significantly limited due to various circumstances, including certain possible future transactions involving the sale or issuance of UAL common stock, or if taxable income does not reach sufficient levels.  
 As of December 31, 2016, UAL reported consolidated federal net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards of approximately $4.4 billion.
   The Company’s ability to use its NOL carryforwards may be limited if it experiences an “ownership change” as defined in
Section 382 (“Section 382”) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. An ownership change generally occurs if certain stockholders increase their aggregate percentage ownership of a corporation’s stock by more than 50
percentage points over their lowest percentage ownership at any time during the testing period, which is generally the three-year period preceding any potential ownership change.    There is no assurance that the Company will not experience a future ownership change under Section 382 that may significantly limit or possibly eliminate its ability to use its NOL carryforwards.
Potential future transactions involving the sale or issuance of UAL common stock, including the exercise of conversion options under the terms of any convertible debt that UAL may issue in the future, the repurchase of such debt with UAL common
stock, any issuance of UAL common stock for cash, and the acquisition or disposition of such stock by a stockholder owning 5% or more of UAL common stock, or a combination of such transactions, may increase the possibility that the Company will
experience a future ownership change under Section 382.    Under Section 382, a future ownership change would subject the Company to
additional annual limitations that apply to the amount of  pre-ownership  change NOLs that may be used to offset post-ownership change taxable income. This limitation is generally determined by multiplying the
value of a corporation’s stock immediately before the ownership change by the applicable long-term  tax-exempt  rate. Any unused annual limitation may, subject to certain limits, be carried over to later
years, and the limitation may under certain circumstances be increased by  built-in  gains in the assets held by such corporation at the time of the ownership change. This limitation could cause the
Company’s U.S. federal income taxes to be greater, or to be paid earlier, than they otherwise would be, and could cause all or a portion of the Company’s NOL carryforwards to expire unused. Similar rules and limitations may apply for state
income tax purposes. The Company’s ability to use its NOL carryforwards will also depend on the amount of taxable income it generates in future periods. Its NOL carryforwards may expire before the Company can generate sufficient taxable income
to use them in full.    Our significant investments in airlines in other parts of the world and the commercial relationships that we have
with those carriers may not produce the returns or results we expect.    An important part of our strategy to expand our global network
includes making significant investments in airlines in other parts of the world and expanding our commercial relationships with these carriers. In 2015, we made a $100 million investment in Azul Linhas Aéreas Brasileiras S.A.
(“Azul”) and enhanced our commercial arrangements with Azul. We expect to continue exploring similar  non-controlling  investments in, and entering into joint ventures, commercial agreements, loan
transactions and strategic alliances with, other carriers as part of our global business strategy. These transactions and relationships (including our strategic partnership with, and investment in, Azul) involve significant challenges and risks,
including that we may not realize a satisfactory return on our investment, that we may not receive repayment of invested funds, that they may distract  
      19  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
management from our operations or that they may not generate the expected revenue synergies. These events could have a material adverse effect on our operating results or financial condition.
   In addition, we are dependent on these other carriers for significant aspects of our network in the regions in which they operate. While we
work closely with these carriers, we do not have control over their operations or business methods. We may be subject to consequences from any improper behavior of joint venture partners, including for failure to comply with anti-corruption laws
such as the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Furthermore, our relationships with these carriers may be subject to the laws and regulations of  non-U.S.  jurisdictions in which these carriers are
located or conduct business. Any political or regulatory change in these jurisdictions that negatively impact or prohibit our arrangements with these carriers could have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. To the
extent that the operations of any of these carriers are disrupted over an extended period of time or their actions subject us to the consequences of failure to comply with laws and regulations, our results of operations may be adversely affected.
     
 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.    None.
 
      20  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES.    Fleet  
 Including aircraft operated by United’s regional carriers, United’s fleet consisted of 1,231 aircraft as of December 31, 2016, the details
of which are presented in the tables below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Aircraft Type 
    
 Total 
   
    
     Owned     
   
    
     Leased     
   
    
   
   
    
 Seats in Standard Configuration 
   
    
 Average Age (In Years) 
   


 
   Mainline: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   747-400 
    
   
 20   
   
    
   
 15   
   
    
   
 5   
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 374   
   
    
   
 20.9   
   
 
   777-300ER 
    
   
 2   
   
    
   
 2   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 366   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   777-200ER 
    
   
 55   
   
    
   
 38   
   
    
   
 17   
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 267-269   
   
    
   
 16.8   
   
 
   777-200 
    
   
 19   
   
    
   
 19   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 266-364   
   
    
   
 19.5   
   
 
   787-9 
    
   
 18   
   
    
   
 18   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 252   
   
    
   
 1.4   
   
 
   787-8 
    
   
 12   
   
    
   
 12   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 219   
   
    
   
 3.5   
   
 
   767-400ER 
    
   
 16   
   
    
   
 14   
   
    
   
 2   
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 242   
   
    
   
 15.3   
   
 
   767-300ER 
    
   
 35   
   
    
   
 22   
   
    
   
 13   
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 183-214   
   
    
   
 21.5   
   
 
   757-300 
    
   
 21   
   
    
   
 9   
   
    
   
 12   
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 213   
   
    
   
 14.3   
   
 
   757-200 
    
   
 56   
   
    
   
 47   
   
    
   
 9   
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 142-169   
   
    
   
 19.9   
   
 
   737-900ER 
    
   
 136   
   
    
   
 136   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 167-179   
   
    
   
 4.0   
   
 
   737-900 
    
   
 12   
   
    
   
 8   
   
    
   
 4   
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 167-179   
   
    
   
 15.3   
   
 
   737-800 
    
   
 137   
   
    
   
 64   
   
    
   
 73   
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 154-166   
   
    
   
 13.2   
   
 
   737-700 
    
   
 40   
   
    
   
 14   
   
    
   
 26   
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 118-126   
   
    
   
 17.8   
   
 
   A320-200 
    
   
 97   
   
    
   
 57   
   
    
   
 40   
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 150   
   
    
   
 18.5   
   
 
   A319-100 
    
   
 61   
   
    
   
 47   
   
    
   
 14   
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 128   
   
    
   
 16.3   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total mainline 
    
   
             737   
   
    
   
 522   
   
    
   
 215   
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 13.9   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Aircraft Type 
    
 Capacity Purchase Agreement Total 
   
    
     Owned     
   
    
     Leased     
   
    
 Owned or Leased by Regional Carrier 
   
    
 Regional Carrier Operator and Number of Aircraft 
   
    
 Seats in Standard Configuration 
   
 
   Regional: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Embraer E175 
    
   
 118   
   
    
   
 30   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 88   
   
    
     
 SkyWest: 54     Mesa:
48   Republic: 16   
         
    
   
 76   
   
 
   Embraer 170 
    
   
 38   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 38   
   
    
     
 Republic: 34     Shuttle: 4   
       
    
   
 70   
   
 
   CRJ700 
    
   
 79   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 79   
   
    
     
 SkyWest: 34   GoJet: 25     Mesa:
20   
         
    
   
 70   
   
 
   CRJ200 
    
   
 50   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 29   
   
    
   
 21   
   
    
   
 SkyWest: 50   
   
    
   
 50   
   
 
   Embraer ERJ 145 (XR/LR/ER) 
    
   
 183   
   
    
   
 16   
   
    
   
 167   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
     
 ExpressJet: 139   Trans States: 34     CommutAir: 10   
         
    
   
 50   
   
 
   Q300 
    
   
 5   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5   
   
    
   
 CommutAir: 5   
   
    
   
 50   
   
 
   Embraer ERJ 135 
    
   
 5   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 ExpressJet: 5   
   
    
   
 37   
   
 
   Q200 
    
   
 16   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 16   
   
    
   
 CommutAir: 16   
   
    
   
 37   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Total regional 
    
   
 494   
   
    
   
 46   
   
    
   
 201   
   
    
   
 247   
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
   
 1,231   
   
    
   
 568   
   
    
   
 416   
   
    
   
 247   
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
      21  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In addition to the aircraft presented in the tables above, United owns or leases the following aircraft
listed below as of December 31, 2016:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   One owned Boeing  767-200,  which is being subleased to another airline;  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Four Boeing  757-200s,  which are owned and being held for disposition;  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Ten leased Embraer ERJ 135s, which are permanently grounded; and  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Three owned Embraer ERJ 145s, which are temporarily grounded.    Firm Order and Option Aircraft    As of December 31, 2016, United had firm commitments
and options to purchase aircraft from Boeing, Embraer and Airbus presented in the table below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Aircraft Type 
    
   Number of Firm Commitments
(a) 


 
    Airbus A350-1000 
    
 35   
 
    Boeing 737NG/737MAX 
    
 165   
 
    Boeing  777-300ER 
    
 12   
 
    Boeing
 787-8/-9/-10 
    
 21   
 
    Embraer E175 
    
 24   
 
     
    
 
 
  (a) United also has options and purchase rights for additional aircraft. 
   In 2016, United announced a modification to its then-existing narrow body order book by converting its original order for
65 Boeing  737-700  aircraft into four  737-800s  to be delivered in 2017 and 61 Boeing 737MAX aircraft with delivery dates to be determined.  
 The aircraft listed in the table above are scheduled for delivery from 2017 through 2027. In 2017, United expects to take delivery of four Boeing 737NG
aircraft, three Boeing  787-9  aircraft, 12 Boeing  777-300ER  aircraft, 24 Embraer aircraft and six used Airbus A319s. In addition, up to 14 additional used Airbus
A319s may be delivered between 2018 and 2021, subject to certain conditions. To the extent the Company and the aircraft manufacturers with whom the Company has existing orders for new aircraft agree to modify the contracts governing those orders,
the amount and timing of the Company’s future capital commitments could change. See Notes 11 and 15 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information.  
 Facilities    United’s principal
facilities relate to leases of airport facilities, gates, hangar sites, terminal buildings and other facilities in the municipalities it serves. United has major terminal facility leases at SFO, Washington Dulles, Chicago O’Hare, LAX, Denver,
Newark, Houston Bush, Hopkins International Airport and Guam with expiration dates ranging from 2018 to 2041. Substantially all of these facilities are leased on a  net-rental  basis, resulting in the
Company’s responsibility for maintenance, insurance and other facility-related expenses and services.    United also maintains
administrative offices, catering, cargo, training facilities, maintenance facilities and other facilities to support operations in the cities served. United also has multiple leases, which expire from 2017 through 2029 for its principal executive
office and operations center in downtown Chicago, and certain administrative offices in downtown Houston.      
 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.    On June 30,
2015, UAL received a Civil Investigative Demand (“CID”) from the Antitrust Division of the DOJ seeking documents and information from the Company in connection with a DOJ investigation related to statements and decisions about airline
capacity. The Company is working with the DOJ and has completed its response to the CID. The Company is not able to predict what action, if any, might be taken in the future by the DOJ or other governmental authorities as a result of the
investigation. Beginning on July 1, 2015, subsequent to the announcement of the CID, UAL and United were named as defendants in multiple class action lawsuits that  
      22  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
asserted claims under the Sherman Antitrust Act, which have been consolidated in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. The complaints generally allege collusion among
U.S. airlines on capacity impacting airfares and seek treble damages. The Company intends to vigorously defend against the class action lawsuits.    On October 13, 2015, United received a CID from the Civil Division of the DOJ. The CID requested documents and oral testimony from United in connection with an industry-wide DOJ investigation
related to delivery scan and other data purportedly required for payment for the carriage of mail under United’s International Commercial Air Contracts with the United States Postal Service. The Company has been responding to the DOJ’s
request and cooperating in the investigation since that time. On November 8, 2016, the DOJ Criminal Division met with representatives from the Company and advised they are conducting an industry-wide investigation into the same matter. The
Company is also cooperating with the government in this aspect of their investigation and on December 21, 2016 representatives from the Company met with both the Civil and Criminal Divisions to provide additional information. The Company cannot
predict what action, if any, might be taken in the future by the DOJ or other governmental authorities as a result of these investigations.    As
disclosed in the Company’s prior two Annual Reports on Form  10-K  for fiscal years 2014 and 2015, the Company and certain of its current and former executive officers and employees received federal grand
jury subpoenas requesting records and testimony related to certain individuals formerly associated with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and related operations of the Company. As announced on September 8, 2015, certain of the
Company’s executives stepped down in connection with its related internal investigation. The Company cooperated with the investigation by the USAO in respect of the Port Authority matter and, as announced on July 14, 2016, the Company
reached a resolution in the form of a  Non-Prosecution  Agreement with the USAO. As announced on December 2, 2016, the Company also resolved the previously disclosed related investigation by the SEC in
respect of the Port Authority matter.    Other Legal Proceedings    The Company is involved in various other claims and legal actions involving passengers, customers, suppliers, employees and government agencies arising in the ordinary course of business. Additionally,
from time to time, the Company becomes aware of potential  non-compliance  with applicable environmental regulations, which have either been identified by the Company (through internal compliance programs such
as its environmental compliance audits) or through notice from a governmental entity. In some instances, these matters could potentially become the subject of an administrative or judicial proceeding and could potentially involve monetary sanctions.
After considering a number of factors, including (but not limited to) the views of legal counsel, the nature of contingencies to which the Company is subject and prior experience, management believes that the ultimate disposition of these other
claims and legal actions will not materially affect its consolidated financial position or results of operations. However, the ultimate resolutions of these matters are inherently unpredictable. As such, the Company’s financial condition
and results of operations could be adversely affected in any particular period by the unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters.      
 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.    Not applicable.
 
      23  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II  
   
 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.  
 UAL’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol “UAL.” The following table sets forth the
ranges of high and low sales prices per share of UAL common stock during the last two fiscal years, as reported by the NYSE:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 UAL 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
 
   
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   


 
   1st quarter 
    
   $ 
     61.41     
   
    
   $ 
     42.17     
   
    
   $ 
     74.52     
   
    
   $ 
     62.37     
   
 
   2nd quarter 
    
   
 58.90     
   
    
   
 37.41     
   
    
   
 65.85     
   
    
   
 49.85     
   
 
   3rd quarter 
    
   
 54.53     
   
    
   
 37.64     
   
    
   
 62.21     
   
    
   
 49.20     
   
 
   4th quarter 
    
   
 76.80     
   
    
   
 51.34     
   
    
   
 61.87     
   
    
   
 49.76     
   
   Based on reports by the Company’s transfer agent for UAL common stock, as of February 13, 2017, there were 8,049
holders of record of UAL common stock.    UAL did not pay any dividends in 2016 or 2015. Under the restricted payment provisions of the
Company’s Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2013 (the “Credit Agreement”), and certain indentures, UAL’s ability to pay dividends on or repurchase UAL’s common stock is subject to limits on the amount
of such payments and to certain conditions, including that no default or event of default exists under those instruments and that after giving effect to the making of any such payments, UAL would be in compliance with a minimum fixed charge coverage
ratio. Any future determination regarding dividend or distribution payments will be at the discretion of the UAL Board of Directors, subject to the foregoing limits and applicable limitations under Delaware law.  
 United paid dividends of $2.6 billion and $1.2 billion to UAL in 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 The following graph shows the cumulative total stockholder return for UAL’s common stock during the period from December 31, 2011 to
December 31, 2016. The graph also shows the cumulative returns of the Standard and Poor’s (“S&P”) 500 Index and the NYSE Arca Airline Index (“AAI”) of 15 investor-owned airlines. The comparison assumes $100 was
invested on December 31, 2011 in UAL common stock.          
 


 
  
      24  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Note:  The stock price performance shown in the graph above should not be considered indicative of
potential future stock price performance. The foregoing performance graph is being furnished as part of this report solely in accordance with the requirement under Rule  14a-3(b)(9)  to furnish our stockholders
with such information, and therefore, shall not be deemed to be filed or incorporated by reference into any filings by the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.    The following table presents repurchases of UAL common stock made in the fourth quarter of 2016:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Period 
    
   
   
 Total number of shares purchased (a)(b) 
   
   
 Average price paid per share (b)(c) 
   
   
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (a) 
   
   
   Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under
the plans or programs   (in millions) (a) 
   


 
 October 1, 2016 through October 31, 2016 
    
 
   
   
 1,282,714   
   
   
 $ 
 54.19   
   
   
   
 1,282,714   
   
   
 $ 
 1,930   
   
 
 November 1, 2016 through November 30, 2016 
    
 
   
   
 1,368,204   
   
   
   
 62.96   
   
   
   
 1,368,204   
   
   
   
 1,844   
   
 
 December 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016 
    
 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,844   
   
 
 
    
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
 
   
   
 2,650,918   
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,650,918   
   
   
 
 
 
 
     
    
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   (a) In 2016, UAL repurchased approximately 50 million shares of UAL common stock for $2.6 billion. In July 2016,
UAL’s Board of Directors authorized a $2 billion share repurchase program to acquire UAL’s common stock. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately $1.8 billion remaining to purchase shares under its share
repurchase program. UAL may repurchase shares through the open market, privately negotiated transactions, block trades or accelerated share repurchase transactions from time to time in accordance with applicable securities laws.  
 (b) The table does not include shares withheld from employees to satisfy certain tax obligations due upon the vesting of restricted stock units. The
United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan provides for the withholding of shares to satisfy tax obligations due upon the vesting of restricted stock units. However, this plan does not specify a maximum number of shares that
may be withheld for this purpose. A total of 502 shares were withheld under this plan in the fourth quarter of 2016 at an average share price of $62.50. These shares of common stock withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations may be deemed to be
“issuer purchases” of shares that are required to be disclosed pursuant to this Item.    (c) Average price paid per share is calculated
on a settlement basis and excludes commission.  
      25  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.    UAL’s
consolidated financial statements and statistical data are provided in the tables below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Income Statement Data (in millions, except per share amounts): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
    
  $ 
         36,556  
   
    
  $ 
         37,864  
   
    
  $ 
         38,901  
   
    
  $ 
         38,279  
   
    
  $ 
         37,152  
   
 
   Operating expense 
    
   
 32,218  
   
    
   
 32,698  
   
    
   
 36,528  
   
    
   
 37,030  
   
    
   
 37,113  
   
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 4,338  
   
    
   
 5,166  
   
    
   
 2,373  
   
    
   
 1,249  
   
    
   
 39  
   
 
   Net income (loss) 
    
   
 2,263  
   
    
   
 7,340  
   
    
   
 1,132  
   
    
   
 571  
   
    
   
 (723) 
   
 
   Basic earnings (loss) per share 
    
   
 6.86  
   
    
   
 19.52  
   
    
   
 3.05  
   
    
   
 1.64  
   
    
   
 (2.18) 
   
 
   Diluted earnings (loss) per share 
    
   
 6.85  
   
    
   
 19.47  
   
    
   
 2.93  
   
    
   
 1.53  
   
    
   
 (2.18) 
   
 
   Balance Sheet Data at 
 December 31 (in millions): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 
    
 $ 
 4,428  
   
    
 $ 
 5,196  
   
    
 $ 
 4,384  
   
    
 $ 
 5,121  
   
    
 $ 
 6,543  
   
 
 Total assets 
    
   
 40,140  
   
    
   
 40,861  
   
    
   
 36,595  
   
    
   
 36,021  
   
    
   
 36,963  
   
 
   Debt and capital lease obligations 
    
   
 11,705  
   
    
   
 11,759  
   
    
   
 11,947  
   
    
   
 12,293  
   
    
   
 13,043  
   
 
      26  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   


 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 Mainline 
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   Passengers (thousands) (a) 
    
   
 101,007    
   
    
   
 96,327    
   
    
   
 91,475    
   
    
   
 91,329    
   
    
   
 93,595    
   
 
   Revenue passenger miles (“RPMs”) (millions) (b) 
    
   
 186,181    
   
    
   
 183,642    
   
    
   
 179,015    
   
    
   
 178,578    
   
    
   
 179,416    
   
 
   Available seat miles (“ASMs”) (millions) (c) 
    
   
 224,692    
   
    
   
 219,989    
   
    
   
 214,105    
   
    
   
 213,007    
   
    
   
 216,330    
   
 
   Cargo ton miles (millions) 
    
   
 2,805    
   
    
   
 2,614    
   
    
   
 2,487    
   
    
   
 2,213    
   
    
   
 2,460    
   
 
   Passenger load factor (d) 
    
   
 82.9% 
   
    
   
 83.5% 
   
    
   
 83.6% 
   
    
   
 83.8% 
   
    
   
 82.9% 
   
 
   Passenger revenue per available seat mile (“PRASM”) (cents) 
    
   
 11.31    
   
    
   
 11.97    
   
    
   
 12.51    
   
    
   
 12.20    
   
    
   
 11.93    
   
 
   Total revenue per available seat mile (cents) 
    
   
 13.50    
   
    
   
 14.19    
   
    
   
 14.81    
   
    
   
 14.51    
   
    
   
 13.92    
   
 
   Average yield per revenue passenger mile (“Yield”) (cents) (e) 
    
   
 13.65    
   
    
   
 14.34    
   
    
   
 14.96    
   
    
   
 14.56    
   
    
   
 14.38    
   
 
   Cost per available seat mile (“CASM”) (cents) 
    
   
 12.22    
   
    
   
 12.42    
   
    
   
 14.03    
   
    
   
 14.31    
   
    
   
 14.12    
   
 
   Average price per gallon of fuel, including fuel taxes 
    
 $ 
 1.49    
   
    
 $ 
 1.96    
   
    
 $ 
 2.98    
   
    
 $ 
 3.12    
   
    
 $ 
 3.27    
   
 
   Fuel gallons consumed (millions) 
    
   
 3,261    
   
    
   
 3,216    
   
    
   
 3,183    
   
    
   
 3,204    
   
    
   
 3,275    
   
 
   Average stage length (miles) (f) 
    
   
 1,859    
   
    
   
 1,922    
   
    
   
 1,958    
   
    
   
 1,934    
   
    
   
 1,895    
   
 
   Average daily utilization of each aircraft (hours) (g) 
    
   
 10:06    
   
    
   
 10:24    
   
    
   
 10:26    
   
    
   
 10:28    
   
    
   
 10:38    
   
 
   Consolidated 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Passengers (thousands) (a) 
    
   
 143,177    
   
    
   
 140,369    
   
    
   
 138,029    
   
    
   
 139,209    
   
    
   
 140,441    
   
 
   RPMs (millions) (b) 
    
   
 210,309    
   
    
   
 208,611    
   
    
   
 205,559    
   
    
   
 205,167    
   
    
   
 205,485    
   
 
   ASMs (millions) (c) 
    
   
 253,590    
   
    
   
 250,003    
   
    
   
 246,021    
   
    
   
 245,354    
   
    
   
 248,860    
   
 
   Passenger load factor (d) 
    
   
 82.9% 
   
    
   
 83.4% 
   
    
   
 83.6% 
   
    
   
 83.6% 
   
    
   
 82.6% 
   
 
   PRASM (cents) 
    
   
 12.40    
   
    
   
 13.11    
   
    
   
 13.72    
   
    
   
 13.50    
   
    
   
 13.09    
   
 
   Total revenue per available seat mile (cents) 
    
   
 14.42    
   
    
   
 15.15    
   
    
   
 15.81    
   
    
   
 15.60    
   
    
   
 14.93    
   
 
   Yield (cents) (e) 
    
   
 14.96    
   
    
   
 15.72    
   
    
   
 16.42    
   
    
   
 16.14    
   
    
   
 15.86    
   
 
   CASM (cents) 
    
   
 12.70    
   
    
   
 13.08    
   
    
   
 14.85    
   
    
   
 15.09    
   
    
   
 14.91    
   
 
   Average price per gallon of fuel, including fuel taxes 
    
 $ 
 1.49    
   
    
 $ 
 1.94    
   
    
 $ 
 2.99    
   
    
 $ 
 3.13    
   
    
 $ 
 3.27    
   
 
   Fuel gallons consumed (millions) 
    
   
 3,904    
   
    
   
 3,886    
   
    
   
 3,905    
   
    
   
 3,947    
   
    
   
 4,016    
   
 
   Average stage length (miles) (f) 
    
   
 1,473    
   
    
   
 1,487    
   
    
   
 1,480    
   
    
   
 1,445    
   
    
   
 1,429    
   
       (a) The number of
revenue passengers measured by each flight segment flown.    (b) The number of scheduled miles flown by revenue passengers.  
 (c) The number of seats available for passengers multiplied by the number of scheduled miles those seats are flown.  
 (d) RPM divided by ASM.    (e) The average
passenger revenue received for each revenue passenger mile flown.    (f) Average stage length equals the average distance a flight travels
weighted for size of aircraft.    (g) The average number of hours per day that an aircraft flown in revenue service is operated (from gate
departure to gate arrival).  
      27  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  
 Overview    United Continental Holdings,
Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “UAL” or the “Company”) is a holding company and its principal, wholly-owned subsidiary is United Airlines, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries,
“United”). As UAL consolidates United for financial statement purposes, disclosures that relate to activities of United also apply to UAL, unless otherwise noted. United’s operating revenues and operating expenses comprise nearly 100%
of UAL’s revenues and operating expenses. In addition, United comprises approximately the entire balance of UAL’s assets, liabilities and operating cash flows. When appropriate, UAL and United are named specifically for their individual
contractual obligations and related disclosures and any significant differences between the operations and results of UAL and United are separately disclosed and explained. We sometimes use the words “we,” “our,” “us,”
and the “Company” in this report for disclosures that relate to all of UAL and United.    2016 Financial Highlights
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   2016 net income was $2.3 billion, or $6.85 diluted earnings per share.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   United’s consolidated PRASM decreased 5.4% in 2016 compared to 2015.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Aircraft fuel cost decreased 23% year-over-year due mainly to lower fuel prices.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   2016 CASM decreased 2.9% year-over-year on a consolidated capacity increase of 1.4%.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In 2016, UAL repurchased approximately 50 million shares of UAL common stock for $2.6 billion. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had
approximately $1.8 billion remaining to purchase shares under its share repurchase program.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   UAL ended the year with $5.8 billion in unrestricted liquidity, which consisted of unrestricted cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and
available capacity under the revolving credit facility of the Company’s Credit Agreement.    2016
Operational Highlights      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Consolidated RPMs for 2016 increased 0.8% as compared to 2015, and consolidated ASMs increased 1.4% from the prior year, resulting in a consolidated
load factor of 82.9% in 2016 versus 83.4% in 2015.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   For 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded a DOT  on-time  arrival rate of 81.3% and 78.1%, respectively, and a
system completion factor of 99.0% and 98.7%, respectively.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Company took delivery of five new Boeing  787-9  Dreamliners, eight new Boeing
 737-900ERs,  seven new Boeing  737-800s,  two new Boeing  777-300ERs  and six used Airbus A319s. United exited from scheduled service
four Boeing  757-200s,  16 Embraer ERJ 145s and two Boeing  747-400s.  The Company took delivery of the first Boeing  777-300ER  in the
Company’s fleet, named the “New Spirit of United,” featuring the  all-new  United Polaris business class seat.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Company introduced new products to its industry-leading existing portfolio of products such as United Polaris service and announced Basic Economy
fares which will expand its customers’ options.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   During 2016, the Company reached new agreements with every domestic unionized work group.  
 Outlook    Set forth below
is a discussion of the principal matters that we believe could impact our financial and operating performance and cause our results of operations in future periods to differ materially from our historical
 
      28  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
operating results and/or from our anticipated results of operations described in the forward-looking statements in this report. See Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors, of this report and the factors
described under “Forward-Looking Information” below for additional discussion of these and other factors that could affect us.    The
Company is committed to improving the efficiency and quality of all aspects of its business in 2017. In order to continue improving operational performance in 2017, our top focus will be on further improvements in completion factor, departure
performance and baggage handling.    As outlined at our 2016 Investor Day presentation, the Company expects to drive significant incremental
value by 2020 relative to 2015. United anticipates capturing this value through a variety of initiatives including a  re-fleeting  and upgauge program, additional customer choice through segmentation,
improvements to the revenue management systems, ongoing sensible cost management, realizing our full network potential through improved schedule quality and enhancements to the MileagePlus program. In addition, the Company will continue to focus on
improving reliability while increasing the efficiency of the operation.    Economic Conditions.  The economic outlook for the
aviation industry in 2017 is characterized by moderate U.S. and global economic growth. In such conditions, we expect a moderate increase in the demand for air travel. Continuing economic uncertainty, along with the strengthening U.S. dollar, is
providing uncertainty in key Asian, South American and European markets, and continued political and socioeconomic tensions may result in diminished demand for air travel.    Capacity.  In 2017, the Company expects consolidated ASMs to grow between 1% and 2% year-over-year.    Fuel.  The Company’s average aircraft fuel price per gallon including related taxes was $1.49 in 2016 as compared to $1.94 in 2015. Since 2014, the price of jet fuel has declined
and remains volatile. Based on projected fuel consumption in 2017, a one dollar change in the price of a barrel of crude oil would change the Company’s annual fuel expense by approximately $95 million.  
 Labor.  As of December 31, 2016, United had approximately 80% of employees represented by unions. In 2016, United reached contract
extensions with its pilots and dispatchers, amended collective bargaining agreements with its IAM represented employees, reached a five-year contract with the AFA covering all of its flight attendants and reached a
 six-year  contract with the IBT covering its technicians and related employees. Additionally, the Company will be increasing pay for its pilots in order to align with a recently implemented contract of another
airline. The costs associated with all these agreements is expected to add approximately $900 million of costs for full-year 2017. The Company cannot predict the outcome of future negotiations with its unionized employee groups. Increases in
the pay and benefits resulting from new collective bargaining agreements could have a material financial impact on the Company.    Results of
Operations    In this section, we compare results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2016 with results of operations for the
year ended December 31, 2015, and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 with results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2014.  
      29  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  2016 compared to 2015    Operating Revenue    The table below illustrates the year-over-year percentage change
in the Company’s operating revenues for the years ended December 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 Increase (Decrease) 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Passenger—Mainline 
    
  $ 
 25,414  
   
    
  $ 
 26,333  
   
    
  $ 
 (919) 
   
    
   
 (3.5) 
   
 
   Passenger—Regional 
    
   
 6,043  
   
    
   
 6,452  
   
    
   
 (409) 
   
    
   
 (6.3) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total passenger revenue 
    
   
 31,457  
   
    
   
 32,785  
   
    
   
 (1,328) 
   
    
   
 (4.1) 
   
 
   Cargo 
    
   
 876  
   
    
   
 937  
   
    
   
 (61) 
   
    
   
 (6.5) 
   
 
   Other operating revenue 
    
   
 4,223  
   
    
   
 4,142  
   
    
   
 81  
   
    
   
 2.0  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
  $ 
 36,556  
   
    
  $ 
 37,864  
   
    
  $ 
 (1,308) 
   
    
   
 (3.5) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   The table below presents the Company’s selected passenger revenue and selected operating data based on geographic
region (regional flights consist primarily of domestic routes):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Increase (decrease) in 2016 from 2015 (a): 
   
 
   
   
   Domestic     
   
   
   Atlantic     
   
   
   Pacific     
   
   
   Latin     
   
   
 Total   Mainline 
  
   
   
   Regional     
   
   
   Consolidated     
   


 
   Passenger revenue (in millions) 
   
  $ 
 (118)    
   
   
  $ 
 (512)    
   
   
  $ 
 (215)    
   
   
  $ 
 (74)    
   
   
  $ 
 (919)    
   
   
  $ 
 (409)    
   
   
  $ 
 (1,328)    
   
 
   Passenger revenue 
   
   
 (0.9)% 
   
   
   
 (8.6)% 
   
   
   
 (4.9)% 
   
   
   
 (2.7)% 
   
   
   
 (3.5)% 
   
   
   
 (6.3)% 
   
   
   
 (4.1)% 
   
 
 Average fare per passenger 
   
   
 (6.6)% 
   
   
   
 (5.2)% 
   
   
   
 (5.6)% 
   
   
   
 (8.0)% 
   
   
   
 (8.0)% 
   
   
   
 (2.2)% 
   
   
   
 (5.9)% 
   
 
   Yield 
   
   
 (3.2)% 
   
   
   
 (4.6)% 
   
   
   
 (7.4)% 
   
   
   
 (7.8)% 
   
   
   
 (4.8)% 
   
   
   
 (3.1)% 
   
   
   
 (4.8)% 
   
 
   PRASM 
   
   
 (3.8)% 
   
   
   
 (8.4)% 
   
   
   
 (6.7)% 
   
   
   
 (5.5)% 
   
   
   
 (5.5)% 
   
   
   
 (2.7)% 
   
   
   
 (5.4)% 
   
 
   Passengers 
   
   
 6.1 % 
   
   
   
 (3.7)% 
   
   
   
 0.7 % 
   
   
   
 5.8 % 
   
   
   
 4.9 % 
   
   
   
 (4.3)% 
   
   
   
 2.0 % 
   
 
   RPMs (traffic) 
   
   
 2.3 % 
   
   
   
 (4.3)% 
   
   
   
 2.7 % 
   
   
   
 5.5 % 
   
   
   
 1.4 % 
   
   
   
 (3.4)% 
   
   
   
 0.8 % 
   
 
   ASMs (capacity) 
   
   
 3.1 % 
   
   
   
 (0.2)% 
   
   
   
 2.0 % 
   
   
   
 2.8 % 
   
   
   
 2.1 % 
   
   
   
 (3.7)% 
   
   
   
 1.4 % 
   
 
   Passenger load factor (points) 
   
   
 (0.6)    
   
   
   
 (3.3)    
   
   
   
 0.6     
   
   
   
 2.2     
   
   
   
 (0.6)    
   
   
   
 0.3     
   
   
   
 (0.5)    
   
       (a) See Part II,
Item 6 of this report for the definition of these statistics.    Consolidated passenger revenue decreased $1.3 billion, or 4.1%, in 2016 as
compared to 2015. Consolidated PRASM decreased 5.4% in 2016 as compared to 2015. The decline in PRASM was driven by factors including a competitive domestic fare environment, lower surcharges, a strong U.S. dollar and reductions from energy-related
corporate travel.    Cargo revenue decreased $61 million, or 6.5%, in 2016 as compared to 2015 due to lower freight yields and lower mail
volumes year-over-year, partially offset by an increase in freight volumes. Freight yields were negatively impacted as air freighter competitors increased capacity in response to lower fuel prices. Another contributing factor to the year-over-year
decrease was a U.S. West Coast port labor dispute that resulted in an increase in air freight results in the first quarter of 2015. The labor dispute was resolved during the first quarter of 2015.  
      30  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Operating Expense    The table below includes data related to the Company’s operating expense for the year ended December 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 Increase (Decrease) 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Salaries and related costs 
    
  $ 
 10,275  
   
    
  $ 
 9,713  
   
    
  $ 
 562  
   
    
   
 5.8  
   
 
   Aircraft fuel 
    
   
 5,813  
   
    
   
 7,522  
   
    
   
 (1,709) 
   
    
   
 (22.7) 
   
 
   Regional capacity purchase 
    
   
 2,197  
   
    
   
 2,290  
   
    
   
 (93) 
   
    
   
 (4.1) 
   
 
   Landing fees and other rent 
    
   
 2,165  
   
    
   
 2,203  
   
    
   
 (38) 
   
    
   
 (1.7) 
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 1,977  
   
    
   
 1,819  
   
    
   
 158  
   
    
   
 8.7  
   
 
   Aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs 
    
   
 1,749  
   
    
   
 1,651  
   
    
   
 98  
   
    
   
 5.9  
   
 
   Distribution expenses 
    
   
 1,303  
   
    
   
 1,342  
   
    
   
 (39) 
   
    
   
 (2.9) 
   
 
   Aircraft rent 
    
   
 680  
   
    
   
 754  
   
    
   
 (74) 
   
    
   
 (9.8) 
   
 
   Special charges 
    
   
 638  
   
    
   
 326  
   
    
   
 312  
   
    
   
 NM  
   
 
   Other operating expenses 
    
   
 5,421  
   
    
   
 5,078  
   
    
   
 343  
   
    
   
 6.8  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
  $ 
 32,218  
   
    
  $ 
 32,698  
   
    
  $ 
 (480) 
   
    
   
 (1.5) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   Salaries and related costs increased $562 million, or 5.8%, in 2016 as compared to 2015 primarily due to higher pay
rates and benefit expenses driven by new and extended collective bargaining agreements, an increase in employee incentive expenses due to improvements in operational performance and a 2.2% increase in average full-time equivalent employees,
partially offset by a reduction in profit sharing expense in 2016 as compared to 2015, a reduction in medical and dental costs and the results of certain costs savings initiatives in 2016.    The decrease in aircraft fuel expense was primarily attributable to decreased fuel prices and a reduction in fuel hedge losses, partially offset by the impact of a 1.4% increase in capacity. 2016 fuel
expense includes the benefit of a $20 million fuel tax refund. The table below presents the significant changes in aircraft fuel cost per gallon for the year ended December 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 (In millions) 
   
   
 % Change 
   
   
 Average price per gallon 
   
 
     
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 % Change 
   


 
 Total aircraft fuel purchase cost excluding fuel hedge impacts 
   
  $ 
   5,596  
   
   
  $ 
   6,918  
   
   
   
 (19.1) 
   
   
  $ 
 1.43  
   
   
  $ 
 1.78  
   
   
   
 (19.7) 
   
 
 Hedge losses reported in fuel expense 
   
   
 (217) 
   
   
   
 (604) 
   
   
   
 NM  
   
   
   
 (0.06) 
   
   
   
 (0.16) 
   
   
   
 NM  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Fuel expense 
   
   
 5,813  
   
   
   
 7,522  
   
   
   
 (22.7) 
   
   
   
 1.49  
   
   
   
 1.94  
   
   
   
 (23.2) 
   
 
 Total fuel consumption (gallons) 
   
   
 3,904  
   
   
   
 3,886  
   
   
   
 0.5  
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization increased $158 million, or 8.7%, in 2016 as compared to 2015 primarily due to additions
of new aircraft, conversions of operating leases to capital leases, aircraft improvements, accelerated depreciation of certain assets related to several fleet types and increases in information technology assets.  
 Aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs increased $98 million, or 5.9%, in 2016 as compared to 2015 primarily due to a year-over-year
increase in airframe maintenance visits as a result of the cyclical timing of these visits and volume-driven increases in component costs, partially offset by a reduction in costs due to the timing of maintenance on certain engines.  
 Aircraft rent decreased $74 million, or 9.8%, in 2016 as compared to 2015 primarily due to lease expirations, the purchase or capital lease
conversion of several operating leased aircraft and lower lease renewal rates for certain aircraft.  
      31  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The table below presents special charges incurred by the Company during the years ended December 31 (in
millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Impairment of assets 
    
  $ 
 412  
   
    
  $ 
 79  
   
 
   Cleveland airport lease restructuring 
    
   
 74  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
   Labor agreement costs 
    
   
 64  
   
    
   
 18  
   
 
   Severance and benefit costs 
    
   
 37  
   
    
   
 107  
   
 
   (Gains) losses on sale of assets and other special charges 
    
   
 51  
   
    
   
 122  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total special charges 
    
  $ 
 638  
   
    
  $ 
 326  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   See Note 16 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information.  
 Other operating expenses increased $343 million, or 6.8%, in 2016 as compared to 2015 primarily due to increases in ground handling costs, food and
technology costs associated with the Company’s enhanced customer experience initiatives, rate-driven increases in hotel expenses for crews, increases in marketing expenses related to the 2016 Summer Olympics and volume-driven increases in cargo
costs.    Nonoperating Income (Expense)    The following table illustrates the year-over-year dollar and percentage changes in the Company’s nonoperating income (expense) (in millions, except percentage changes):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 Increase (Decrease) 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Interest expense 
    
  $ 
 (614) 
   
    
  $ 
 (669) 
   
    
  $ 
 (55) 
   
    
   
 (8.2) 
   
 
   Interest capitalized 
    
   
 72  
   
    
   
 49  
   
    
   
 23  
   
    
   
 46.9  
   
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 42  
   
    
   
 25  
   
    
   
 17  
   
    
   
 68.0  
   
 
   Miscellaneous, net 
    
   
 (19) 
   
    
   
 (352) 
   
    
   
 (333) 
   
    
   
 (94.6) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
  $ 
 (519) 
   
    
  $ 
 (947) 
   
    
  $ 
 (428) 
   
    
   
 (45.2) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   The decrease in interest expense of $55 million, or 8.2%, in 2016 as compared to 2015 was primarily due to the
prepayment of certain debt issuances in 2015 and declining balances of other debt, partially offset by interest expense on debt issued for the acquisition of new aircraft, the conversion of certain operating leases to capital leases and certain
constructed airport assets accounted for as capital leases.    In 2015, Miscellaneous, net included losses of $80 million from fuel
derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting. Foreign currency losses were approximately $43 million and $129 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. Foreign currency results included $8 million and $61 million of foreign
exchange losses for 2016 and 2015, respectively, related to the Company’s cash holdings in Venezuela. Miscellaneous, net for 2015 also includes a $134 million special charge related to the  write-off 
of unamortized  non-cash  debt discounts for the early redemption of the 6% Notes due 2026 (the “2026 Notes”) and the 6% Notes due 2028 (the “2028 Notes”).  
      32  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  2015 compared to 2014    Operating Revenue    The table below illustrates the year-over-year percentage change
in the Company’s operating revenues for the years ended December 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 Increase (Decrease) 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Passenger—Mainline 
    
  $ 
 26,333  
   
    
  $ 
 26,785  
   
    
  $ 
 (452) 
   
    
   
 (1.7) 
   
 
   Passenger—Regional 
    
   
 6,452  
   
    
   
 6,977  
   
    
   
 (525) 
   
    
   
 (7.5) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total passenger revenue 
    
   
 32,785  
   
    
   
 33,762  
   
    
   
 (977) 
   
    
   
 (2.9) 
   
 
   Cargo 
    
   
 937  
   
    
   
 938  
   
    
   
 (1) 
   
    
   
 (0.1) 
   
 
   Other operating revenue 
    
   
 4,142  
   
    
   
 4,201  
   
    
   
 (59) 
   
    
   
 (1.4) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
  $ 
 37,864  
   
    
  $ 
 38,901  
   
    
  $ 
 (1,037) 
   
    
   
 (2.7) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   The table below presents the Company’s selected passenger revenue and selected operating data based on geographic
region (regional flights consist primarily of domestic routes):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Increase (decrease) in 2015 from 2014 (a): 
   
 
   
   
     Domestic     
   
   
   Pacific     
   
   
   Atlantic     
   
   
   Latin     
   
   
 Total   Mainline     
   
   
   Regional     
   
   
 Consolidated   
   


 
   Passenger revenue (in millions) 
   
  $ 
 132     
   
   
  $ 
 (331)    
   
   
  $ 
 (159)    
   
   
  $ 
 (94)    
   
   
  $ 
 (452)    
   
   
  $ 
 (525)    
   
   
  $ 
 (977)    
   
 
   Passenger revenue 
   
   
 1.0 % 
   
   
   
 (7.0)% 
   
   
   
 (2.6)% 
   
   
   
 (3.4)% 
   
   
   
 (1.7)% 
   
   
   
 (7.5)% 
   
   
   
 (2.9)% 
   
 
   Average fare per passenger 
   
   
 (5.0)% 
   
   
   
 (7.5)% 
   
   
   
 (1.2)% 
   
   
   
 (10.2)% 
   
   
   
 (6.6)% 
   
   
   
 (2.2)% 
   
   
   
 (4.5)% 
   
 
   Yield 
   
   
 (1.9)% 
   
   
   
 (9.4)% 
   
   
   
 (1.7)% 
   
   
   
 (10.3)% 
   
   
   
 (4.1)% 
   
   
   
 (1.7)% 
   
   
   
 (4.3)% 
   
 
   PRASM 
   
   
 (1.6)% 
   
   
   
 (9.2)% 
   
   
   
 (3.1)% 
   
   
   
 (11.3)% 
   
   
   
 (4.3)% 
   
   
   
 (1.6)% 
   
   
   
 (4.4)% 
   
 
   Passengers 
   
   
 6.3 % 
   
   
   
 0.5 % 
   
   
   
 (1.4)% 
   
   
   
 7.6 % 
   
   
   
 5.3 % 
   
   
   
 (5.4)% 
   
   
   
 1.7 % 
   
 
   RPMs (traffic) 
   
   
 3.0 % 
   
   
   
 2.7 % 
   
   
   
 (0.9)% 
   
   
   
 7.7 % 
   
   
   
 2.6 % 
   
   
   
 (5.9)% 
   
   
   
 1.5 % 
   
 
   ASMs (capacity) 
   
   
 2.6 % 
   
   
   
 2.4 % 
   
   
   
 0.5 % 
   
   
   
     8.9 % 
   
   
   
 2.7 % 
   
   
   
 (6.0)% 
   
   
   
 1.6 % 
   
 
   Passenger load factor (points) 
   
   
 0.3     
   
   
   
 0.2     
   
   
   
 (1.0)    
   
   
   
 (1.0)    
   
   
   
 (0.1)    
   
   
   
 —     
   
   
   
 (0.2)    
   
         (a) See
Part II, Item 6 of this report for the definition of these statistics.    Consolidated passenger revenue in 2015 decreased $977 million, or
2.9%, as compared to 2014 primarily due to a decrease in consolidated yield of 4.3% year-over-year. Yields were impacted by a competitive domestic fare environment, unfavorable foreign currency results due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar,
international surcharge declines, travel reductions from corporate customers in the energy sector and increased industry capacity in certain regions. The decline in yields was partially offset by a 1.5% year-over-year increase in traffic.
 
      33  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Operating Expense    The table below includes data related to the Company’s operating expense for the year ended December 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 Increase (Decrease) 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Salaries and related costs 
    
  $ 
 9,713  
   
    
  $ 
 8,935  
   
    
  $ 
 778  
   
    
   
 8.7  
   
 
   Aircraft fuel 
    
   
 7,522  
   
    
   
 11,675  
   
    
   
 (4,153) 
   
    
   
 (35.6) 
   
 
   Regional capacity purchase 
    
   
 2,290  
   
    
   
 2,344  
   
    
   
 (54) 
   
    
   
 (2.3) 
   
 
   Landing fees and other rent 
    
   
 2,203  
   
    
   
 2,274  
   
    
   
 (71) 
   
    
   
 (3.1) 
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 1,819  
   
    
   
 1,679  
   
    
   
 140  
   
    
   
 8.3  
   
 
   Aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs 
    
   
 1,651  
   
    
   
 1,779  
   
    
   
 (128) 
   
    
   
 (7.2) 
   
 
   Distribution expenses 
    
   
 1,342  
   
    
   
 1,373  
   
    
   
 (31) 
   
    
   
 (2.3) 
   
 
   Aircraft rent 
    
   
 754  
   
    
   
 883  
   
    
   
 (129) 
   
    
   
 (14.6) 
   
 
   Special charges 
    
   
 326  
   
    
   
 443  
   
    
   
 (117) 
   
    
   
 NM  
   
 
   Other operating expenses 
    
   
 5,078  
   
    
   
 5,143  
   
    
   
 (65) 
   
    
   
 (1.3) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
  $ 
 32,698  
   
    
  $ 
 36,528  
   
    
  $ 
 (3,830) 
   
    
   
 (10.5) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   Salaries and related costs increased $778 million, or 8.7%, in 2015 as compared to 2014 primarily due to a
$463 million increase in profit sharing costs as a result of improved profitability, higher pay rates driven by new collective bargaining agreements, an increase in medical and dental costs and an increase in pension expense resulting from
changes in actuarial assumptions.    The decrease in aircraft fuel expense was primarily attributable to decreased fuel prices partially offset
by losses from fuel hedging activity and a 1.6% increase in capacity. The table below presents the significant changes in aircraft fuel cost per gallon for the year ended December 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 (In millions) 
   
   
 % Change 
   
   
 Average price per gallon 
   
 
     
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 %  Change 
 
   


 
 Total aircraft fuel purchase cost excluding fuel hedge impacts 
   
  $ 
   6,918  
   
   
  $ 
   11,586  
   
   
   
 (40.3) 
   
   
  $ 
 1.78  
   
   
  $ 
 2.97  
   
   
   
 (40.1) 
   
 
 Hedge losses reported in fuel expense 
   
   
 (604) 
   
   
   
 (89) 
   
   
   
 NM  
   
   
   
 (0.16) 
   
   
   
 (0.02) 
   
   
   
 NM  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Fuel expense as reported 
   
   
 7,522  
   
   
   
 11,675  
   
   
   
 (35.6) 
   
   
   
 1.94  
   
   
   
 2.99  
   
   
   
 (35.1) 
   
 
 Total fuel consumption (gallons) 
   
   
 3,886  
   
   
   
 3,905  
   
   
   
 (0.5) 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization increased $140 million, or 8.3%, in 2015 as compared to 2014 primarily due to additions
in owned property and equipment, specifically related to new aircraft, information technology assets and several aircraft capital lease conversions from operating leases.    Aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs decreased $128 million, or 7.2%, in 2015 as compared to 2014 primarily due to a year-over-year decrease in significant airframe maintenance visits
as a result of the cyclical timing of these visits, improvements in the efficiency of  in-house  maintenance programs, a reduced volume of seat and landing gear maintenance and a reduction of flying hours under
certain  power-by-the-hour  engine maintenance agreements, partially offset by increases in expenses related to aircraft
reliability projects and  Wi-Fi  systems maintenance.    Aircraft rent decreased $129 million or 14.6%
in 2015 as compared to 2014 primarily due to lease expirations, the purchase or capital lease conversion of several operating leased aircraft and lower lease renewal rates for certain aircraft.  
      34  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The table below presents special charges incurred by the Company during the years ended December 31 (in
millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Severance and benefit costs 
    
  $ 
 107  
   
    
  $ 
 199  
   
 
   Impairment of assets 
    
   
 79  
   
    
   
 49  
   
 
   Labor agreement costs 
    
   
 18  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
   (Gains) losses on sale of assets and other miscellaneous (gains) losses, net 
    
   
 122  
   
    
   
 195  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total special charges 
    
  $ 
 326  
   
    
  $ 
 443  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   See Note 16 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information.  
 Nonoperating Income (Expense)  
 The following table illustrates the year-over-year dollar and percentage changes in UAL’s nonoperating income (expense) (in millions, except
percentage changes):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 Increase (Decrease) 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Interest expense 
    
  $ 
 (669) 
   
    
  $ 
 (735) 
   
    
  $ 
 (66) 
   
    
   
 (9.0) 
   
 
   Interest capitalized 
    
   
 49  
   
    
   
 52  
   
    
   
 (3) 
   
    
   
 (5.8) 
   
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 25  
   
    
   
 22  
   
    
   
 3  
   
    
   
 13.6  
   
 
   Miscellaneous, net 
    
   
 (352) 
   
    
   
 (584) 
   
    
   
 (232) 
   
    
   
 (39.7) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
  $ 
 (947) 
   
    
  $ 
 (1,245) 
   
    
  $ 
 (298) 
   
    
   
 (23.9) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   The decrease in interest expense of $66 million, or 9.0%, in 2015 as compared to 2014 was primarily due to the
prepayment of certain debt issuances and declining balances of other debt, partially offset by interest expense on debt issued for the acquisition of new aircraft.    Miscellaneous, net included losses of $80 million and $462 million from fuel derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting in 2015 and 2014, respectively. Foreign currency losses were
approximately $129 million and $41 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. Foreign currency results included $61 million and $10 million of foreign exchange losses for 2015 and 2014, respectively, related to the Company’s
cash holdings in Venezuela. Miscellaneous, net for 2015 includes a $134 million special charge related to the  write-off  of unamortized  non-cash  debt discounts for
the early redemption of the 2026 Notes and the 2028 Notes. 2014 Miscellaneous, net includes a $64 million debt extinguishment charge related to the retirement of the $248 million 6% Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2030.
   Liquidity and Capital Resources    As of December 31, 2016, the Company had $4.4 billion in unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, a decrease of $0.8 billion from December 31, 2015. The Company
had its entire commitment capacity of $1.35 billion under the Credit Agreement available for letters of credit or borrowings as of December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had $124 million of restricted cash and
cash equivalents, which is primarily collateral for letters of credit and estimated future workers’ compensation claims. We may be required to post significant additional cash collateral to provide security for obligations. Restricted cash and
cash equivalents at December 31, 2015 totaled $206 million.    We have a significant amount of fixed obligations, including debt,
aircraft leases and financings, leases of airport property and other facilities and pension funding obligations. At December 31, 2016, the Company had  
      35  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
approximately $11.7 billion of debt and capital lease obligations, including $1.0 billion that are due within the next 12 months. In addition, we have substantial noncancelable
commitments for capital expenditures, including the acquisition of new aircraft and related spare engines. As of December 31, 2016, our current liabilities exceeded our current assets by approximately $5.0 billion. However, approximately
$5.9 billion of our current liabilities are related to our advance ticket sales and frequent flyer deferred revenue, both of which largely represent revenue to be recognized for travel in the near future and not actual cash outlays. The deficit
in working capital does not have an adverse impact to our cash flows, liquidity or operations. The Company made principal payments of debt and capital lease obligations totaling $1.4 billion in 2016.  
 The Company will continue to evaluate opportunities to prepay its debt, including open market repurchases, to reduce its indebtedness and related
interest.    For 2017, the Company expects between $4.2 billion and $4.4 billion of gross capital expenditures. See Notes 11 and 15 to
the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information on commitments.    As of December 31, 2016, a
substantial portion of the Company’s assets, principally aircraft, route authorities, airport slots and loyalty program intangible assets, was pledged under various loan and other agreements. We must sustain our profitability and/or access the
capital markets to meet our significant long-term debt and capital lease obligations and future commitments for capital expenditures, including the acquisition of aircraft and related spare engines. See Note 11 to the financial statements included
in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information on assets provided as collateral by the Company.    The following is a discussion of
the Company’s sources and uses of cash from 2014 through 2016.    Cash Flows from Operating Activities  
 2016 compared to 2015    Cash flow provided
by operations for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $5.5 billion compared to $6.0 billion in the same period in 2015. Working capital changes reduced cash flow from operations by $0.5 billion year-over-year in 2016 as compared
to 2015. The following were significant working capital items in 2016:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Frequent flyer and advance purchase of miles decreased $0.6 billion due to increased utilization of
 pre-purchased  miles.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Other assets, including spare parts, increased by $0.3 billion as part of the Company’s efforts to improve fleet reliability.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Accounts payable increased $0.2 billion, driven by the timing of payments.  
 2015 compared to 2014    Cash flow
provided by operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $6.0 billion compared to $2.6 billion in the same period in 2014. The $3.4 billion increase is primarily attributable to an increase of $3.1 billion in income
before income taxes and a $0.4 billion increase in  non-cash  items for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the same period in 2014. Working capital changes reduced cash flow from
operations by $0.1 billion year-over-year in 2015 as compared to 2014. The following were significant working capital items in 2015:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Cash flow increased by $0.2 billion from the return of hedge collateral net of the impact of changes in fuel derivative positions.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Other liabilities, including accrued wages, decreased $0.2 billion, which included $0.8 billion in pension contributions offset by
$0.7 billion in profit sharing accruals.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Frequent flyer deferred revenue and advanced purchase of miles decreased $0.2 billion.  
      36  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Cash Flows from Investing Activities    2016 compared to 2015    The Company’s capital expenditures were $3.2 billion and
$2.7 billion in 2016   and 2015, respectively. The Company’s capital expenditures for both years were primarily attributable to the purchase of aircraft, facility and fleet-related costs and the purchase of information technology
assets.    2015 compared to 2014  
 The Company’s capital expenditures were $2.7 billion and $2.0 billion in 2015   and 2014, respectively. The Company’s capital
expenditures for both years were primarily attributable to the purchase of aircraft, facility and fleet-related costs. In 2015, the Company announced a strategic partnership with Azul. Through a wholly-owned subsidiary, the Company invested
$100 million for an economic stake of approximately five percent in Azul, Brazil’s largest carrier by cities served, which provides a range of customer benefits including codesharing of flights, joint loyalty program participation and
expanded connection opportunities on routes between the U.S. and Brazil, a key market for United, in addition to other points in North and South America.    Cash Flows from Financing Activities    Significant financing events in 2016 were as
follows:    Share Repurchases    The Company used $2.6 billion of cash to purchase 50 million shares of its common stock during 2016 under its share repurchase programs. As of December 31, 2016, the Company has
$1.8 billion remaining to spend under its share repurchase program.    Debt Issuances  
 In 2016, United completed two enhanced equipment trust certificate (“EETC”) offerings for a total principal amount of
$2.0 billion. Of the $2.0 billion, United received and recorded $708 million of proceeds as debt as of December 31, 2016 to finance the purchase of 17 aircraft. United expects to receive all proceeds from the pass-through trusts
by the end of the second quarter of 2017.    In 2016, United borrowed approximately $369 million aggregate principal amount
from various financial institutions to finance the purchase of several aircraft delivered in 2016.    Debt and Capital Lease Principal
Payments    During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company made debt and capital lease principal payments of $1.4 billion.
   Significant financing events in 2015 were as follows:    Share Repurchases    The Company used $1.2 billion of cash to purchase
21 million shares of its common stock during 2015 under its share repurchase programs.    Debt Issuances  
 During 2015, United issued $1.4 billion of debt related to EETC offerings to finance aircraft.  
 In 2015, United borrowed approximately $590 million aggregate principal amount from various financial institutions to finance the
purchase of several aircraft delivered in 2015.  
      37  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Debt and Capital Lease Principal Payments    During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company made debt and capital lease principal payments of $2.3 billion, including the following prepayments:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   UAL used cash to repurchase all $321 million par value 2026 Notes.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   UAL used cash to repurchase all $311 million par value 2028 Notes.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   UAL used cash to prepay, at par, $300 million principal amount of its $500 million term loan due September 2021 under the Credit Agreement.
   Financing Activities Not Affecting Cash    The holders of substantially all of the remaining $202 million principal amount of United’s 4.5% Convertible Notes due 2015 exercised their conversion option resulting in the issuance of
11 million shares of UAL common stock.    Significant financing events in 2014 were as follows:  
 Share Repurchases    The
Company used $320 million of cash to purchase approximately 7 million shares of its common stock under the 2014 Program.    Debt
Issuances    During 2014, United issued $1.8 billion of debt related to EETC offerings to finance aircraft.  
 United borrowed a $500 million term loan under the Credit Agreement.    Debt and Capital Lease Principal Payments    During the year ended December 31, 2014,
the Company made debt and capital lease principal payments of $2.6 billion, including the following prepayments:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   UAL retired, at par, $400 million principal balance of its 8% Notes due 2024.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   United used cash to purchase approximately $276 million principal amount of convertible notes and retired the notes.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   United retired, at par, the entire $800 million principal balance of its 6.75% Senior Secured Notes.  
 Financing Activities Not Affecting Cash    UAL amended its revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement, increasing the capacity from $1.0 billion to $1.35 billion and establishing the maturity date for $1.315 billion in
lender commitments as January 2, 2019.    UAL issued approximately 17 million shares in exchange for, or conversion of,
$260 million of convertible notes and retired the notes.    For additional information regarding these Liquidity and Capital Resource
matters, see Notes 3, 11, 13 and 14 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report. For information regarding  non-cash  investing and financing activities, see the Company’s
statements of consolidated cash flows.    Other significant financing event was as follows:  
 Debt Issuance    In January 2017, United
issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 5% Senior Notes due February 1, 2024. See Note 11 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information.  
      38  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Credit Ratings.  As of the filing date of this report, UAL and United had the following
corporate credit ratings:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
 S&P 
    
 Moody’s 
    
 Fitch 
    
   


 
 
   
 UAL 
    
 BB- 
    
 Ba2 
    
 BB 
    
 
 
 
   
 United 
    
 BB- 
    
 * 
    
 BB 
    
 
 
 
   
 *The credit agency does not issue corporate credit ratings for subsidiary entities. 
    
 
   These credit ratings are below investment grade levels. Downgrades from these rating levels, among other things, could
restrict the availability or increase the cost of future financing for the Company.    Other Liquidity Matters  
 Below is a summary of additional liquidity matters. See the indicated notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this
report for additional details related to these and other matters affecting our liquidity and commitments.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
   Pension and other postretirement plans 
    
 Note 8 
 
   Hedging activities 
    
 Note 10 
 
   Long-term debt and debt covenants 
    
 Note 11 
 
   Leases and capacity purchase agreements 
    
 Note 13 
 
   Commitments and contingencies 
    
 Note 15 
   Contractual Obligations.  The Company’s business is capital intensive, requiring significant amounts of
capital to fund the acquisition of assets, particularly aircraft. In the past, the Company has funded the acquisition of aircraft through outright purchase, by issuing debt, by entering into capital or operating leases, or through vendor financings.
The Company also often enters into long-term lease commitments with airports to ensure access to terminal, cargo, maintenance and other required facilities.    The table below provides a summary of the Company’s material contractual obligations as of December 31, 2016 (in billions):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2019 
   
   
 2020 
   
   
 2021 
   
   
 After 2021 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Long-term debt (a) 
   
   $ 
 0.8   
   
   
   $ 
 1.4   
   
   
   $ 
 1.9   
   
   
   $ 
 1.0   
   
   
   $ 
 1.2   
   
   
   $ 
 4.6   
   
   
   $ 
 10.9   
   
 
   Capital lease obligations—principal portion 
   
   
 0.1   
   
   
   
 0.1   
   
   
   
 0.1   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 0.6   
   
   
   
 0.9   
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total debt and capital lease obligations 
   
   
 0.9   
   
   
   
 1.5   
   
   
   
 2.0   
   
   
   
 1.0   
   
   
   
 1.2   
   
   
   
 5.2   
   
   
   
 11.8   
   
 
   Interest on debt and capital lease obligations (b) 
   
   
 0.5   
   
   
   
 0.5   
   
   
   
 0.4   
   
   
   
 0.3   
   
   
   
 0.3   
   
   
   
 0.9   
   
   
   
 2.9   
   
 
   Aircraft operating lease obligations 
   
   
 1.3   
   
   
   
 1.1   
   
   
   
 0.9   
   
   
   
 0.7   
   
   
   
 0.5   
   
   
   
 2.0   
   
   
   
 6.5   
   
 
   Regional CPAs (c) 
   
   
 1.9   
   
   
   
 1.9   
   
   
   
 1.3   
   
   
   
 1.0   
   
   
   
 1.0   
   
   
   
 4.3   
   
   
   
 11.4   
   
 
   Other operating lease obligations 
   
   
 1.2   
   
   
   
 1.1   
   
   
   
 1.0   
   
   
   
 1.1   
   
   
   
 0.9   
   
   
   
 6.7   
   
   
   
 12.0   
   
 
   Postretirement obligations (d) 
   
   
 0.1   
   
   
   
 0.1   
   
   
   
 0.1   
   
   
   
 0.1   
   
   
   
 0.1   
   
   
   
 0.7   
   
   
   
 1.2   
   
 
   Pension obligations (e) 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 0.4   
   
   
   
 0.3   
   
   
   
 1.1   
   
   
   
 1.8   
   
 
   Capital purchase obligations (f) 
   
   
 4.5   
   
   
   
 3.2   
   
   
   
 3.1   
   
   
   
 2.5   
   
   
   
 2.2   
   
   
   
 7.8   
   
   
   
 23.3   
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total contractual obligations 
   
   $ 
 10.4   
   
   
   $ 
 9.4   
   
   
   $ 
 8.8   
   
   
   $ 
 7.1   
   
   
   $ 
 6.5   
   
   
   $ 
 28.7   
   
   
   $ 
 70.9   
   
 
     
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 (a) 
 Long-term debt presented in the Company’s financial statements is net of $124 million of debt discount, premiums and debt issuance costs which are being
amortized over the debt terms. Contractual payments are not net of the debt discount, premiums and debt issuance costs.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Includes interest portion of capital lease obligations of $67 million in 2017, $57 million in 2018, $50 million in 2019, $47 million in 2020,
$44 million in 2021 and $339 million thereafter. Future interest payments on variable rate debt are estimated using estimated future variable rates based on a yield curve.  
      39  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (c) 
 Represents our estimates of future minimum noncancelable commitments under our CPAs and does not include the portion of the underlying obligations for aircraft and
facility rent that is disclosed as part of aircraft and nonaircraft operating leases. Amounts also exclude a portion of United’s capital lease obligation recorded for certain of its CPAs. See Note 13 to the financial statements included in
Part II, Item 8 of this report for the significant assumptions used to estimate the payments.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Amounts represent postretirement benefit payments, net of subsidy receipts, through 2026. Benefit payments approximate plan contributions as plans are substantially
unfunded.  
 
 
 (e) 
 Represents estimate of the minimum funding requirements as determined by government regulations for United’s material pension plans. Amounts are subject to change
based on numerous assumptions, including the performance of assets in the plan and bond rates. See Critical Accounting Policies, below, for a discussion of our current year assumptions regarding United’s pension plans.  

 
 
 (f) 
 Represents contractual commitments for firm order aircraft, spare engines and other capital purchase commitments. See Note 15 to the financial statements included in
Part II, Item 8 of this report for a discussion of our purchase commitments.  
 Off-Balance  Sheet Arrangements.   An  off-balance  sheet
arrangement is any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement involving an unconsolidated entity under which a company has (1) made guarantees, (2) a retained or a contingent interest in transferred assets, (3) an
obligation under derivative instruments classified as equity, or (4) any obligation arising out of a material variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support, or that engages
in leasing, hedging or research and development arrangements. The Company’s primary  off-balance  sheet arrangements include operating leases, which are summarized in the contractual obligations table in
 Contractual Obligations,  above,   and certain municipal bond obligations, as discussed below.    As of December 31, 2016, United
had cash collateralized $72 million of letters of credit. United also had $383 million of surety bonds securing various obligations at December 31, 2016. Most of the letters of credit have evergreen clauses and are expected to be
renewed on an annual basis and the surety bonds have expiration dates through 2021.    As of December 31, 2016, United is the guarantor of
approximately $1.9 billion in aggregate principal amount of  tax-exempt  special facilities revenue bonds and interest thereon. These bonds, issued by various airport municipalities, are payable solely
from rentals paid under long-term agreements with the respective governing bodies. The leasing arrangements associated with a majority of these obligations are accounted for as operating leases. The leasing arrangements associated with a portion of
these obligations are accounted for as capital leases. The annual lease payments for those obligations accounted for as operating leases are included in the operating lease payments in the contractual obligations table above.  
 As of December 31, 2016, United is the guarantor of $168 million of aircraft mortgage debt issued by one of United’s regional carriers. The
aircraft mortgage debt is subject to increased cost provisions and the Company would potentially be responsible for those costs under the guarantees. The increased cost provisions in the $168 million of aircraft mortgage debt are similar to
those in certain of the Company’s debt agreements. See Note 15 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information on increased cost provisions related to the Company’s debt.  
 EETCs.  In June 2016 and September 2016, United completed two separate EETC offerings for a total principal amount of $2.0 billion.
United has received and recorded $708 million of the proceeds from these offerings as debt as of December 31, 2016. See Notes 11 and 14 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information on
EETC pass-through trusts and variable interest entity consideration.    Increased Cost Provisions.  See Note 15 to the financial
statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information on increased cost provisions related to the Company’s debt.    Fuel Consortia.   United participates in numerous fuel consortia with other air carriers at major airports to reduce the costs of fuel distribution and storage. Interline agreements
govern the rights and responsibilities of the consortia members and provide for the allocation of the overall costs to operate the consortia based on usage. The consortia (and in limited cases, the participating carriers) have entered into long-term
agreements to lease certain airport fuel storage and distribution facilities that are typically financed through  tax-exempt  bonds (either special facilities lease revenue bonds or general airport revenue
bonds), issued by various local municipalities. In general, each consortium lease agreement requires the consortium to make lease payments in amounts sufficient  
      40  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
to pay the maturing principal and interest payments on the bonds. As of December 31, 2016, approximately $1.5 billion principal amount of such bonds were secured by significant fuel
facility leases in which United participates, as to which United and each of the signatory airlines has provided indirect guarantees of the debt. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s contingent exposure was approximately
$234 million principal amount of such bonds based on its recent consortia participation. The Company’s contingent exposure could increase if the participation of other air carriers decreases. The guarantees will expire when the  tax-exempt  bonds are paid in full, which ranges from 2017 to 2049. The Company did not record a liability at the time these indirect guarantees were made. See Note 15 to the financial statements included in Part II,
Item 8 of this report for additional information related to the Company’s fuel consortia.    Critical Accounting Policies
   Critical accounting policies are defined as those that are affected by significant judgments and uncertainties which potentially could
result in materially different accounting under different assumptions and conditions. The Company has prepared the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”),
which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The Company has identified the
following critical accounting policies that impact the preparation of the financial statements.    Revenue Recognition.  The Company
records passenger ticket sales and tickets sold by other airlines for use on United as passenger revenue when the transportation is provided or upon estimated breakage. The value of unused passenger tickets is included in current liabilities as
Advance ticket sales. Tickets sold by other airlines are recorded at the estimated values to be billed to the other airlines. Differences between amounts billed and the actual amounts may be rejected and rebilled or written off if the amount
recorded was different from the original estimate. When necessary, the Company records a reserve against its interline billings and payables if historical experience indicates that these amounts are different.
 Non-refundable  tickets generally expire on the date of the intended flight, unless the date is extended by notification from the customer on or before the intended flight date.  
 Fees charged in association with changes or extensions to  non-refundable  tickets are recorded as other revenue at
the time the fee is incurred. The fare on the changed ticket, including any additional collection of fare, is deferred and recognized in accordance with our transportation revenue recognition policy at the time the transportation is provided. Change
fees related to  non-refundable  tickets are considered a separate transaction from the air transportation because they represent a charge for the Company’s additional service to modify a previous sale.
Therefore, the pricing of the change fee and the initial customer order are separately determined and represent distinct earnings processes.  
 The Company records an estimate of breakage revenue on the flight date for tickets that will expire unused. These estimates are based on the evaluation of
actual historical results and forecasted trends. Refundable tickets expire after one year from the date of issuance.    The Financial Accounting
Standards Board (“FASB”) amended the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and created a new Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers . This amendment prescribes that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer
of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The amendment supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605,
 Revenue Recognition,  and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Accounting Standards Codification. The Company currently plans to use the full-retrospective approach in adopting this standard on January 1,
2018. Under the new standard, certain airline ancillary fees directly related to passenger revenue tickets, such as ticket change fees and baggage fees, are likely to no longer be considered distinct performance obligations separate from the
passenger travel component. In addition, the ticket change fees which were previously recognized when received and booking fees when paid, will likely be recognized when transportation is provided. The Company
 
      41  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
has previously recorded ancillary fees and change fees in other operating revenue but will record these in passenger revenue under the new standard. The Company is evaluating other possible
impacts from the new standard on its consolidated financial statements.    Frequent Flyer Accounting.  The Company’s
MileagePlus program is designed to increase customer loyalty. Program participants earn miles by flying on United and certain other participating airlines. Program participants can also earn miles through purchases from other  non-airline  partners that participate in the Company’s loyalty program. We sell miles to these partners, which include credit card issuers, retail merchants, hotels, car rental companies and our participating
airline partners. Miles can be redeemed for free (other than taxes and government imposed fees), discounted or upgraded air travel and  non-travel  awards. The Company records its obligation for future award
redemptions using a deferred revenue model.    When frequent flyers earn miles for flights, the Company recognizes a portion of the ticket sales
as revenue when the air transportation occurs and defers a portion of the ticket sale representing the value of the related miles as a multiple-deliverable revenue arrangement. The Company determines the estimated selling price of air transportation
and miles as if each element is sold on a separate basis. The total consideration from each ticket sale is then allocated to each of these elements, individually, on a pro rata basis. The miles are recorded in Frequent flyer deferred revenue on the
Company’s consolidated balance sheet and recognized into revenue when the transportation is provided.    The Company’s estimated
selling price of miles is based on an equivalent ticket value less fulfillment discount, which incorporates the expected redemption of miles, as the best estimate of selling price for these miles. The equivalent ticket value is based on the prior 12
months’ weighted average equivalent ticket value of similar fares as those used to settle award redemptions while taking into consideration such factors as redemption pattern, cabin class, loyalty status and geographic region. The estimated
selling price of miles is adjusted by a fulfillment discount that considers a number of factors, including redemption patterns of various customer groups.    United has a significant contract to sell MileagePlus miles to its  co-branded  credit card partner, Chase. United identified the following significant revenue
elements in its Second Amended and Restated  Co-Branded  Card Marketing Services Agreement (the  “Co-Brand  Agreement”): the air transportation element represented
by the value of the mile (generally resulting from its redemption for future air transportation and whose fair value is described above); use of the United brand and access to MileagePlus member lists; advertising; and other travel related benefits.
   The fair value of the elements is determined using management’s estimated selling price of each element. The objective of using the
estimated selling price based methodology is to determine the price at which we would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a stand-alone basis. Accordingly, we determine our best estimate of selling price by considering multiple
inputs and methods including, but not limited to, discounted cash flows, brand value, volume discounts, published selling prices, number of miles awarded and number of miles redeemed. The Company estimated the selling prices and volumes over the
term of the  Co-Brand  Agreement in order to determine the allocation of proceeds to each of the multiple elements to be delivered. We also evaluate volumes on an annual basis, which may result in a change in
the allocation of estimated selling price on a prospective basis.    The Company records passenger revenue related to the air transportation
element when the transportation is delivered. The other elements are generally recognized as Other operating revenue when earned.    The Company
accounts for miles sold and awarded that will never be redeemed by program members, which we refer to as breakage. The Company reviews its breakage estimates annually based upon the latest available information regarding redemption and expiration
patterns. Miles expire after 18 months of member account inactivity. The Company’s estimate of the expected expiration of miles requires significant management judgment. Current and future changes to expiration assumptions or to the expiration
policy, or to program rules and program redemption opportunities, may result in material changes to the deferred revenue balance as well as recognized revenues from the programs.  
      42  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table summarizes information related to the Company’s Frequent flyer deferred revenue
liability:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Frequent flyer deferred revenue at December 31, 2016 (in millions) 
    
 $ 
 4,883    
   
 
   % of miles earned expected to expire 
    
   
 16% 
   
 
   Impact of 1% change in outstanding miles or weighted average ticket value on deferred revenue (in millions) 
    
 $ 
 54    
   
   Long-Lived Assets.  The net book value of operating property and equipment for the Company was
$23 billion and $22 billion at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The assets’ recorded value is impacted by a number of accounting policy elections, including the estimation of useful lives and residual values and, when
necessary, the recognition of asset impairment charges.    The Company records assets acquired, including aircraft, at acquisition cost.
Depreciable life is determined through economic analysis, such as reviewing existing fleet plans, obtaining appraisals and comparing estimated lives to other airlines that operate similar fleets. As aircraft technology has improved, useful life has
increased and the Company has generally estimated the lives of those aircraft to be 30 years. Residual values are estimated based on historical experience with regard to the sale of both aircraft and spare parts and are established in
conjunction with the estimated useful lives of the related fleets. Residual values are based on when the aircraft are acquired and typically reflect asset values that have not reached the end of their physical life. Both depreciable lives and
residual values are revised periodically as facts and circumstances arise to recognize changes in the Company’s fleet plan and other relevant information. A  one-year  increase in the average depreciable
life of the Company’s flight equipment would reduce annual depreciation expense on flight equipment by approximately $57 million.  
 The Company evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets and intangible assets subject to amortization whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that an impairment may exist. For purposes of this testing, the Company has generally identified the aircraft fleet type as the lowest level of identifiable cash flows for purposes of testing aircraft for impairment. An impairment charge is
recognized when the asset’s carrying value exceeds its net undiscounted future cash flows and its fair market value. The amount of the charge is the difference between the asset’s carrying value and fair market value.  
 In 2016, the Company determined that the FAA’s action impaired the entire value of its Newark slots because the slots no longer were the mechanism
that governed  take-off  and landing rights, and the Company recorded a special charge to write off the intangible asset. See Notes 16 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for
additional information.    Defined Benefit Plan Accounting.  We sponsor defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and
retirees. The most critical assumptions impacting our defined benefit pension plan obligations and expenses are the weighted average discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on the plan assets.  
 United’s pension plans’ under-funded status was $1.9 billion at December 31, 2016. Funding requirements for  tax-qualified  defined benefit pension plans are determined by government regulations. In 2017, we anticipate contributing at least $400 million to our pension plans. The fair value of the plans’ assets was
$3.4 billion at December 31, 2016.    When calculating pension expense for 2017, the Company assumed that its plans’ assets would
generate a long-term rate of return of approximately 7.0%. The expected long-term rate of return assumption was developed based on historical experience and input from the trustee managing the plans’ assets.  The expected long-term
rate of return on plan assets is based on a target allocation of assets, which is based on a goal of earning the highest rate of return while maintaining risk at acceptable levels. Our projected long-term rate of return reflects the active
management of our plans’ assets. The plans strive to have assets sufficiently diversified so that adverse or unexpected results from one security class will not have an unduly detrimental impact on the entire portfolio. Plan
fiduciaries regularly review actual asset allocation and the pension plans’ investments are periodically rebalanced to the targeted allocation when considered appropriate.  
      43  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The defined benefit pension plans’ assets consist of return generating investments and risk mitigating
investments which are held through direct ownership or through interests in common collective trusts. Return generating investments include primarily equity securities, fixed-income securities and alternative investments (e.g. private equity
and hedge funds). Risk mitigating investments include primarily U.S. government and investment grade corporate fixed-income securities. The allocation of assets was as follows at December 31, 2016:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Percent of Total 
   
    
 Expected Long-Term Rate of Return 
   


 
     Equity securities 
    
   
 35  % 
   
    
   
 9.5  % 
   
 
     Fixed-income securities 
    
   
 39      
   
    
   
 5.0      
   
 
     Alternatives 
    
   
 17      
   
    
   
 7.3      
   
 
     Other 
    
   
 9      
   
    
   
 7.0      
   
   Pension expense increases as the expected rate of return on plan assets decreases. Lowering the expected long-term
rate of return on plan assets by 50 basis points (from 7.0% to 6.5%) would increase estimated 2017 pension expense by approximately $17 million. Future pension obligations for United’s plans were discounted using a weighted average rate of
4.18% at December 31, 2016. The Company selected the discount rate for substantially all of its plans by using a hypothetical portfolio of high quality bonds at December 31, 2016 that would provide the necessary cash flows to match the
projected benefit payments. The pension liability and future pension expense both increase as the discount rate is reduced. Lowering the discount rate by 50 basis points (from 4.18% to 3.68%) would increase the pension liability at
December 31, 2016 by approximately $575  million and increase the estimated 2017 pension expense by approximately $73 million. Future changes in plan asset returns, plan provisions, assumed discount rates, pension funding law
and various other factors related to the participants in our pension plans will impact our future pension expense and liabilities. We cannot predict with certainty what these factors will be in the future.  
 Actuarial gains or losses are triggered by changes in assumptions or experience that differ from the original assumptions. Under the applicable accounting
standards for defined benefit pension plans, those gains and losses are not required to be recognized currently as pension benefit expense, but instead may be deferred as part of accumulated other comprehensive income and amortized into expense over
the average remaining service life of the covered active employees. All gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income are amortized to expense over the remaining years of service of the covered active employees. At December 31,
2016 and 2015, the Company had unrecognized actuarial losses for pension benefit plans of $1.5 billion and $844 million, respectively, recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.  
 Other Postretirement Benefit Plan Accounting.  United’s postretirement plan provides certain health care benefits, primarily in the
United States, to retirees and eligible dependents, as well as certain life insurance benefits to certain retirees reflected as “Other Benefits.” United also has retiree medical programs that permit retirees who meet certain age and
service requirements to continue medical coverage between retirement and Medicare eligibility. Eligible employees are required to pay a portion of the costs of their retiree medical benefits, which in some cases may be offset by accumulated
unused sick time at the time of their retirement. Plan benefits are subject to  co-payments,  deductibles and other limits as described in the plans.    The Company accounts for other postretirement benefits by recognizing the difference between plan assets and obligations, or the plan’s funded status, in its financial statements. Other
postretirement benefit expense is recognized on an accrual basis over employees’ approximate service periods and is generally calculated independently of funding decisions or requirements. United has not been required to  pre-fund  its plan obligations, which has resulted in a significant net obligation, as discussed below. The Company’s benefit obligation was $1.7 billion and $2.0 billion for the other postretirement
benefit plans at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
      44  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The calculation of other postretirement benefit expense and obligations requires the use of a number of
assumptions, including the assumed discount rate for measuring future payment obligations and the health care cost trend rate. The Company determines the appropriate discount rate for each of the plans based on current rates on high quality
corporate bonds that would generate the cash flow necessary to pay plan benefits when due. The Company’s weighted average discount rate to determine its benefit obligations as of December 31, 2016 was 4.07%, as compared to 4.49% for
December 31, 2015. The health care cost trend rate assumed for 2016 was 6.75%, declining to 5.0% in 2023, as compared to assumed trend rate for 2017 of 6.50%, declining to 5.0% in 2023. A 1% increase in assumed health care trend rates would
increase the Company’s total service and interest cost for the year ended December 31, 2016 by $13 million; whereas, a 1% decrease in assumed health care trend rates would decrease the Company’s total service and interest cost
for the year ended December 31, 2016 by $11 million. A one percentage point decrease in the weighted average discount rate would increase the Company’s postretirement benefit liability by approximately $181 million and increase
the estimated 2016 benefits expense by approximately $11 million.    Actuarial gains or losses are triggered by changes in assumptions or
experience that differ from the original assumptions and prior service credits result from a retroactive reduction in benefits due under the plans. Under the applicable accounting standards for postretirement welfare benefit plans, actuarial gains
and losses and prior service credits are not required to be recognized currently, but instead may be deferred as part of accumulated other comprehensive income and amortized into expense over the average remaining service life of the covered active
employees or the average life expectancy of inactive participants. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company had unrecognized actuarial gains for postretirement welfare benefit plans of $384 million and $236 million, respectively,
recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.    Income Taxes.  The Company has a net deferred tax asset totaling
$655 million as of December 31, 2016, including $1.6 billion of federal and state NOL carryforwards and $108 million of alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards, net of a $8 million valuation allowance, which do not
expire. The federal NOL carryforwards will expire beginning in 2026 if unused. In addition, the majority of tax benefits of the state net operating losses of $56 million, net of a $36 million valuation allowance, will expire over a five to
 20-year  period. At the end of 2016, the Company maintained a valuation allowance of $68 million against certain state and local NOLs and credit carryforwards which will expire unused due to limited
carryforward periods.    The Company periodically assesses whether it is more likely than not that it will generate sufficient taxable income to
realize its deferred income tax assets. The Company establishes valuation allowances if it is not likely it will realize its deferred income tax assets. In making this determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence
and makes certain assumptions. The Company considers, among other things, projected future taxable income, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, the overall business environment, the Company’s historical financial results and tax
planning strategies. In evaluating the likelihood of utilizing the Company’s net deferred income tax assets, the significant factors that the Company considers include (1) the Company’s recent history and forecasted profitability;
(2) growth in the U.S. and global economies; and (3) future impact of taxable temporary differences. During 2015, after considering all positive and negative evidence and the four sources of taxable income, the Company concluded that its
deferred income tax assets were more likely than not to be realized. Therefore, the Company released almost all of its valuation allowance in 2015, resulting in a $3.1 billion benefit in its provision for income taxes.  
 Forward-Looking Information    Certain
statements throughout Part II, Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and elsewhere in this report are forward-looking and thus reflect the Company’s current expectations and
beliefs with respect to certain current and future events and anticipated financial and operating performance. Such forward-looking statements are and will be subject to many risks and uncertainties relating to the Company’s operations and
business environment that may cause actual results to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. Words such as “expects,” “will,” “plans,” “anticipates,”
“indicates,” “believes,” “forecast,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “goals” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  
      45  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Additionally, forward-looking statements include statements that do not relate solely to historical facts,
such as statements which identify uncertainties or trends, discuss the possible future effects of current known trends or uncertainties or which indicate that the future effects of known trends or uncertainties cannot be predicted, guaranteed or
assured. All forward-looking statements in this report are based upon information available to the Company on the date of this report. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a
result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise, except as required by applicable law.    Our actual results could
differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to numerous factors including, without limitation, the following: our ability to comply with the terms of our various financing arrangements; the costs and availability of financing; our
ability to maintain adequate liquidity; our ability to execute our operational plans and revenue-generating initiatives, including optimizing our revenue; our ability to control our costs, including realizing benefits from our resource optimization
efforts, cost reduction initiatives and fleet replacement programs; costs associated with any modification or termination of our aircraft orders; our ability to utilize our net operating losses; our ability to attract and retain customers; demand
for transportation in the markets in which we operate; an outbreak of a disease that affects travel demand or travel behavior; demand for travel and the impact that global economic and political conditions have on customer travel patterns; excessive
taxation and the inability to offset future taxable income; general economic conditions (including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, investment or credit market conditions, crude oil prices, costs of aircraft fuel and energy refining
capacity in relevant markets); economic and political instability and other risks of doing business globally; the effects of any hostilities, act of war or terrorist attack; the ability of other air carriers with whom we have alliances or
partnerships to provide the services contemplated by the respective arrangements with such carriers; the effects of any technology failures or cybersecurity breaches; disruptions to our regional network; the costs and availability of aviation and
other insurance; industry consolidation or changes in airline alliances; the success of our investments in airlines in other parts of the world; competitive pressures on pricing and on demand; our capacity decisions and the capacity decisions of our
competitors; U.S. or foreign governmental legislation, regulation and other actions (including Open Skies agreements and environmental regulations); the impact of regulatory, investigative and legal proceedings and legal compliance risks; the impact
of any management changes; labor costs; our ability to maintain satisfactory labor relations and the results of any collective bargaining agreement process with our union groups; any disruptions to operations due to any potential actions by our
labor groups; weather conditions; and other risks and uncertainties set forth under Part I, Item 1A., “Risk Factors” of this report, as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth from time to time in the reports we file with the SEC.
     
 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.    Interest Rates.  Our net income (loss) is affected by fluctuations in interest rates (e.g. interest expense on variable rate debt and interest income earned on short-term investments). The
Company’s policy is to manage interest rate risk through a combination of fixed and variable rate debt. The following table summarizes information related to the Company’s interest rate market risk at December 31 (in millions):
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
      Variable rate debt 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     Carrying value of variable rate debt at December 31 
    
  $ 
 2,582  
   
    
 $ 
 2,345  
   
 
   Impact of 100 basis point increase on projected interest expense for the following year 
    
   
 25  
   
    
   
 23  
   
 
      Fixed rate debt 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     Carrying value of fixed rate debt at December 31 
    
   
 8,185  
   
    
   
 8,552  
   
 
     Fair value of fixed rate debt at December 31 
    
   
 8,469  
   
    
   
 9,022  
   
 
     Impact of 100 basis point increase in market rates on fair value 
    
   
 (340) 
   
    
   
 (369) 
   
   A change in market interest rates would also impact interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments. Assuming our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments remain at their average  
      46  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
2016 levels, a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would result in a corresponding increase in the Company’s interest income of approximately $47 million during 2017.  
 Commodity Price Risk (Aircraft Fuel).  The price level of aircraft fuel can significantly affect the Company’s operations, results of
operations, financial position and liquidity. Since 2014, the price of jet fuel has declined but remains volatile.    Our operational and
financial results can be significantly impacted by changes in the price and availability of aircraft fuel. To provide adequate supplies of fuel, the Company routinely enters into purchase contracts that are customarily indexed to market prices for
aircraft fuel, and the Company generally has some ability to cover short-term fuel supply and infrastructure disruptions at some major demand locations. The price of aircraft fuel has fluctuated substantially in the past several years and in order
to lower its exposure to unpredictable increases in the market prices of aircraft fuel, the Company has historically hedged a portion of its planned fuel requirements. As of December 31, 2016, the Company did not have any outstanding fuel
hedging contracts. The Company’s current strategy is to not enter into transactions to hedge its fuel consumption, although the Company regularly reviews its policy based on market conditions and other factors. The Company’s 2017
forecasted fuel consumption is presently approximately four billion gallons, and based on this forecast, a one dollar change in the price of a barrel of crude oil would change the Company’s annual fuel expense by approximately $95 million.
   Foreign Currency.  The Company generates revenues and incurs expenses in numerous foreign currencies. Changes in foreign currency
exchange rates impact the Company’s results of operations through changes in the dollar value of foreign currency-denominated operating revenues and expenses. Some of the Company’s more significant foreign currency exposures include the
Canadian dollar, Chinese renminbi, European euro, British pound and Japanese yen. The Company’s current strategy is to not enter into transactions to hedge its foreign currency sales, although the Company regularly reviews its policy based on
market conditions and other factors. As of December 31, 2016, the Company did not have any foreign currency derivative contracts outstanding. The last of the Company’s foreign currency derivatives expired in December 2016.  
 The result of a uniform 10 percent strengthening in the value of the U.S. dollar from December 31, 2016 levels relative to each of the
currencies in which the Company has foreign currency exposure would result in a decrease in  pre-tax  income of approximately $239 million for the year ending December 31, 2017. This sensitivity
analysis was prepared based upon projected 2017 foreign currency-denominated revenues and expenses as of December 31, 2016.  
      47  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    The Board of Directors and
Stockholders    United Continental Holdings, Inc.    We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of United Continental Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related statements of
consolidated operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows, and stockholders’ equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at
Item 15(a). These financial statements and the financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on
our audits.    We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.    In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company at December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material
respects, the information set forth therein.    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) and our report dated February 23, 2017, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.    /s/
Ernst & Young LLP    Chicago, Illinois    February 23, 2017  
      48  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
 The Board of Directors and Stockholder of  
 United Airlines, Inc.    We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of United Airlines, Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related statements of consolidated operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows, and stockholder’s
equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a). These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the
responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits.    We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over
financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company at
December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our
opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.  
 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP    Chicago,
Illinois    February 23, 2017  
      49  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED CONTINENTAL HOLDINGS, INC.  
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS    (In millions, except per share amounts)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
         2016        
 
   
    
         2015        
 
   
    
         2014        
 
   


 
   Operating revenue: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Passenger—Mainline 
    
  $ 
 25,414  
   
    
  $ 
 26,333  
   
    
  $ 
 26,785  
   
 
   Passenger—Regional 
    
   
 6,043  
   
    
   
 6,452  
   
    
   
 6,977  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total passenger revenue 
    
   
 31,457  
   
    
   
 32,785  
   
    
   
 33,762  
   
 
   Cargo 
    
   
 876  
   
    
   
 937  
   
    
   
 938  
   
 
   Other operating revenue 
    
   
 4,223  
   
    
   
 4,142  
   
    
   
 4,201  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 36,556  
   
    
   
 37,864  
   
    
   
 38,901  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 Operating expense: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Salaries and related costs 
    
   
 10,275  
   
    
   
 9,713  
   
    
   
 8,935  
   
 
   Aircraft fuel 
    
   
 5,813  
   
    
   
 7,522  
   
    
   
 11,675  
   
 
   Regional capacity purchase 
    
   
 2,197  
   
    
   
 2,290  
   
    
   
 2,344  
   
 
   Landing fees and other rent 
    
   
 2,165  
   
    
   
 2,203  
   
    
   
 2,274  
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 1,977  
   
    
   
 1,819  
   
    
   
 1,679  
   
 
   Aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs 
    
   
 1,749  
   
    
   
 1,651  
   
    
   
 1,779  
   
 
   Distribution expenses 
    
   
 1,303  
   
    
   
 1,342  
   
    
   
 1,373  
   
 
   Aircraft rent 
    
   
 680  
   
    
   
 754  
   
    
   
 883  
   
 
   Special charges (Note 16) 
    
   
 638  
   
    
   
 326  
   
    
   
 443  
   
 
   Other operating expenses 
    
   
 5,421  
   
    
   
 5,078  
   
    
   
 5,143  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 32,218  
   
    
   
 32,698  
   
    
   
 36,528  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 Operating income 
    
   
 4,338  
   
    
   
 5,166  
   
    
   
 2,373  
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Nonoperating income (expense): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (614) 
   
    
   
 (669) 
   
    
   
 (735) 
   
 
   Interest capitalized 
    
   
 72  
   
    
   
 49  
   
    
   
 52  
   
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 42  
   
    
   
 25  
   
    
   
 22  
   
 
   Miscellaneous, net (Note 16) 
    
   
 (19) 
   
    
   
 (352) 
   
    
   
 (584) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 (519) 
   
    
   
 (947) 
   
    
   
 (1,245) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 Income before income taxes 
    
   
 3,819  
   
    
   
 4,219  
   
    
   
 1,128  
   
 
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
    
   
 1,556  
   
    
   
 (3,121) 
   
    
   
 (4) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
  $ 
 2,263  
   
    
  $ 
 7,340  
   
    
  $ 
 1,132  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share, basic 
    
  $ 
 6.86  
   
    
  $ 
 19.52  
   
    
  $ 
 3.05  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share, diluted 
    
  $ 
 6.85  
   
    
  $ 
 19.47  
   
    
  $ 
 2.93  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these
statements.  
      50  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED CONTINENTAL HOLDINGS, INC.  
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)    (In millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
         2016        
 
   
    
         2015        
 
   
    
         2014        
 
   


 
   Net income 
    
  $ 
 2,263  
   
    
  $ 
 7,340  
   
    
  $ 
 1,132  
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net change related to: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Employee benefit plans, net of taxes 
    
   
 (313) 
   
    
   
 70  
   
    
   
 (1,171) 
   
 
   Fuel derivative financial instruments, net of taxes 
    
   
 316  
   
    
   
 182  
   
    
   
 (510) 
   
 
   Investments and other, net of taxes 
    
   
 (1) 
   
    
   
 (4) 
   
    
   
 (6) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 2  
   
    
   
 248  
   
    
   
 (1,687) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total comprehensive income (loss), net 
    
  $ 
 2,265  
   
    
  $ 
 7,588  
   
    
 $ 
 (555) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these
statements.  
      51  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED CONTINENTAL HOLDINGS, INC.  
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    (In millions, except shares)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   


 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 ASSETS 
    
         2016        
 
   
   
         2015        
 
   
 
   Current assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
  $ 
 2,179  
   
   
  $ 
 3,006  
   
 
   Short-term investments 
    
   
 2,249  
   
   
   
 2,190  
   
 
   Receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts (2016—$10; 2015—$18) 
    
   
 1,176  
   
   
   
 1,128  
   
 
   Fuel hedge collateral deposits 
    
   
 —  
   
   
   
 26  
   
 
   Aircraft fuel, spare parts and supplies, less obsolescence allowance (2016—$295; 2015—$235) 
    
   
 873  
   
   
   
 738  
   
 
   Prepaid expenses and other 
    
   
 832  
   
   
   
 740  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 7,309  
   
   
   
 7,828  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating property and equipment: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Owned— 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Flight equipment 
    
   
 25,873  
   
   
   
 23,728  
   
 
   Other property and equipment 
    
   
 5,652  
   
   
   
 4,542  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 31,525  
   
   
   
 28,270  
   
 
   Less—Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (9,975)  
   
   
   
 (8,339) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 21,550  
   
   
   
 19,931  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchase deposits for flight equipment 
    
   
 1,059  
   
   
   
 788  
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital leases— 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Flight equipment 
    
   
 1,319  
   
   
   
 1,527  
   
 
   Other property and equipment 
    
   
 331  
   
   
   
 332  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 1,650  
   
   
   
 1,859  
   
 
   Less—Accumulated amortization 
    
   
 (941)  
   
   
   
 (998) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 709  
   
   
   
 861  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 23,318  
   
   
   
 21,580  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 4,523  
   
   
   
 4,523  
   
 
   Intangibles, less accumulated amortization (2016—$1,234; 2015—$1,144) 
    
   
 3,632  
   
   
   
 4,136  
   
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 655  
   
   
   
 2,037  
   
 
   Restricted cash 
    
   
 124  
   
   
   
 204  
   
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 579  
   
   
   
 553  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 9,513  
   
   
   
 11,453  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
  $ 
 40,140  
   
   
  $ 
 40,861  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       (continued on next page)
 
      52  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  UNITED CONTINENTAL HOLDINGS, INC.  
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    (In millions, except shares)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   


 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
 
   Current liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Advance ticket sales 
    
  $ 
 3,730  
   
   
  $ 
 3,753  
   
 
   Frequent flyer deferred revenue 
    
   
 2,135  
   
   
   
 2,117  
   
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 2,139  
   
   
   
 1,869  
   
 
   Accrued salaries and benefits 
    
   
 2,307  
   
   
   
 2,350  
   
 
   Current maturities of long-term debt 
    
   
 849  
   
   
   
 1,224  
   
 
   Current maturities of capital leases 
    
   
 116  
   
   
   
 135  
   
 
   Fuel derivative instruments 
    
   
 —  
   
   
   
 124  
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 1,010  
   
   
   
 842  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 12,286  
   
   
   
 12,414  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 9,918  
   
   
   
 9,673  
   
 
   Long-term obligations under capital leases 
    
   
 822  
   
   
   
 727  
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 Other liabilities and deferred credits: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Frequent flyer deferred revenue 
    
   
 2,748  
   
   
   
 2,826  
   
 
   Postretirement benefit liability 
    
   
 1,581  
   
   
   
 1,882  
   
 
   Pension liability 
    
   
 1,892  
   
   
   
 1,488  
   
 
   Advanced purchase of miles 
    
   
 430  
   
   
   
 1,010  
   
 
   Lease fair value adjustment, net 
    
   
 277  
   
   
   
 359  
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 1,527  
   
   
   
 1,516  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 8,455  
   
   
   
 9,081  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Commitments and contingencies 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Stockholders’ equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preferred stock 
    
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
 
   Common stock at par, $0.01 par value; authorized 1,000,000,000 shares; outstanding 314,612,744 and 364,609,108 shares at December 31, 2016 and
2015, respectively 
    
   
 3  
   
   
   
 4  
   
 
   Additional capital invested 
    
   
 6,569  
   
   
   
 7,946  
   
 
   Retained earnings 
    
   
 3,427  
   
   
   
 3,457  
   
 
   Stock held in treasury, at cost 
    
   
 (511) 
   
   
   
 (1,610) 
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (829) 
   
   
   
 (831) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 8,659  
   
   
   
 8,966  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
  $ 
 40,140  
   
   
  $ 
 40,861  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these
statements.  
      53  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED CONTINENTAL HOLDINGS, INC.  
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS    (In millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
         2016        
 
   
    
         2015        
 
   
    
         2014        
 
   


 
    Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
  $ 
 2,263  
   
    
  $ 
 7,340  
   
    
  $ 
 1,132  
   
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities - 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 1,648  
   
    
   
 (3,177) 
   
    
   
 13  
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 1,977  
   
    
   
 1,819  
   
    
   
 1,679  
   
 
   Special charges,  non-cash  portion 
    
   
 391  
   
    
   
 247  
   
    
   
 78  
   
 
   Other operating activities 
    
   
 109  
   
    
   
 115  
   
    
   
 (21) 
   
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities - 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   (Increase) decrease in fuel hedge collateral 
    
   
 26  
   
    
   
 551  
   
    
   
 (577) 
   
 
   (Decrease) increase in fuel derivatives 
    
   
 (20) 
   
    
   
 (305) 
   
    
   
 436  
   
 
   Decrease in other liabilities 
    
   
 (114) 
   
    
   
 (198) 
   
    
   
 (238) 
   
 
   Decrease in frequent flyer deferred revenue and advanced purchase of miles 
    
   
 (641) 
   
    
   
 (200) 
   
    
   
 (88) 
   
 
   Increase in other assets 
    
   
 (298) 
   
    
   
 (160) 
   
    
   
 (34) 
   
 
   Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 
    
   
 239  
   
    
   
 (77) 
   
    
   
 (251) 
   
 
   Increase (decrease) in advance ticket sales 
    
   
 (22) 
   
    
   
 52  
   
    
   
 296  
   
 
   (Increase) decrease in receivables 
    
   
 (16) 
   
    
   
 (15) 
   
    
   
 209  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
    Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 5,542  
   
    
   
 5,992  
   
    
   
 2,634  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
    Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 (3,223) 
   
    
   
 (2,747) 
   
    
   
 (2,005) 
   
 
   Purchases of short-term and other investments 
    
   
 (2,768) 
   
    
   
 (2,517) 
   
    
   
 (3,569) 
   
 
   Proceeds from sale of short-term and other investments 
    
   
 2,712  
   
    
   
 2,707  
   
    
   
 3,112  
   
 
   Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 
    
   
 28  
   
    
   
 86  
   
    
   
 94  
   
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 13  
   
    
   
 (136) 
   
    
   
 37  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
    Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (3,238) 
   
    
   
 (2,607) 
   
    
   
 (2,331) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
    Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Repurchases of common stock 
    
   
 (2,614) 
   
    
   
 (1,233) 
   
    
   
 (312) 
   
 
   Payments of long-term debt 
    
   
 (1,215) 
   
    
   
 (2,178) 
   
    
   
 (2,503) 
   
 
   Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
    
   
 808  
   
    
   
 1,073  
   
    
   
 1,432  
   
 
   Principal payments under capital leases 
    
   
 (136) 
   
    
   
 (123) 
   
    
   
 (127) 
   
 
   Capitalized financing costs 
    
   
 (64) 
   
    
   
 (37) 
   
    
   
 (104) 
   
 
   Proceeds from the exercise of stock options 
    
   
 6  
   
    
   
 16  
   
    
   
 60  
   
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 2  
   
    
   
 (13) 
   
    
   
 (42) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
    Net cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (3,213) 
   
    
   
 (2,495) 
   
    
   
 (1,596) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
    Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
    
   
 (909) 
   
    
   
 890  
   
    
   
 (1,293) 
   
 
    Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 
    
   
 3,212  
   
    
   
 2,322  
   
    
   
 3,615  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
    Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 
    
  $ 
 2,303  
   
    
  $ 
 3,212  
   
    
  $ 
 2,322  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
    Investing and Financing Activities Not Affecting Cash: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Property and equipment acquired through the issuance of debt 
    
  $ 
 386  
   
    
  $ 
 866  
   
    
  $ 
 1,114  
   
 
   Airport construction financing 
    
   
 91  
   
    
   
 17  
   
    
   
 14  
   
 
   Operating lease conversions to capital lease 
    
   
 12  
   
    
   
 285  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
   Exchange of convertible notes for common stock 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 202  
   
    
   
 260  
   
 
    Cash Paid (Refunded) During the Period for: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest 
    
  $ 
 584  
   
    
  $ 
 660  
   
    
  $ 
 748  
   
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 14  
   
    
   
 15  
   
    
   
 (16) 
   
   The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these
statements.  
      54  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED CONTINENTAL HOLDINGS, INC.  
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY    (In millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Additional Capital  
Invested  
   
   
 Treasury Stock 
   
   
 Retained Earnings (Accumulated
 Deficit) 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive
 Income (Loss) 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
    Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 362  
   
   
  $ 
 4  
   
   
  $ 
 7,425  
   
   
  $ 
 (38) 
   
   
  $ 
 (5,015) 
   
   
  $ 
 608  
   
   
 $ 
 2,984  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 1,132  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 1,132  
   
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (1,687) 
   
   
   
 (1,687) 
   
 
   Convertible debt redemption 
   
   
 17  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 260  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 260  
   
 
   Repurchase of convertible debt 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (34) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (34) 
   
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 10  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 10  
   
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
   
   
 2  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 60  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 60  
   
 
   Repurchases of common stock 
   
   
 (6) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (320) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (320) 
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (9) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (9) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
    Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 375  
   
   
   
 4  
   
   
   
 7,721  
   
   
   
 (367) 
   
   
   
 (3,883) 
   
   
   
 (1,079) 
   
   
   
 2,396  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 7,340  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 7,340  
   
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 248  
   
   
   
 248  
   
 
   Convertible debt redemptions 
   
   
 11  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 202  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 202  
   
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 7  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 7  
   
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 16  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 16  
   
 
   Repurchases of common stock 
   
   
 (21) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (1,232) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (1,232) 
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (11) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (11) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
    Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 365  
   
   
   
 4  
   
   
   
 7,946  
   
   
   
 (1,610) 
   
   
   
 3,457  
   
   
   
 (831) 
   
   
   
 8,966  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 2,263  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 2,263  
   
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 2  
   
   
   
 2  
   
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 32  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 32  
   
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 6  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 6  
   
 
   Repurchases of common stock 
   
   
 (50) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (2,607) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (2,607) 
   
 
   Treasury stock retired 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (1) 
   
   
   
 (1,415) 
   
   
   
 3,709  
   
   
   
 (2,293) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (3) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (3) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
    Balance at December 31, 2016 
   
   
 315  
   
   
  $ 
 3  
   
   
  $ 
 6,569  
   
   
  $ 
 (511) 
   
   
  $ 
 3,427  
   
   
  $ 
 (829) 
   
   
  $ 
 8,659  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these
statements.  
      55  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED AIRLINES, INC.  
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS    (In millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
         2016        
 
   
    
         2015        
 
   
    
         2014        
 
   


 
   Operating revenue: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Passenger—Mainline 
    
  $ 
 25,414  
   
    
  $ 
 26,333  
   
    
  $ 
 26,785  
   
 
   Passenger—Regional 
    
   
 6,043  
   
    
   
 6,452  
   
    
   
 6,977  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total passenger revenue 
    
   
 31,457  
   
    
   
 32,785  
   
    
   
 33,762  
   
 
   Cargo 
    
   
 876  
   
    
   
 937  
   
    
   
 938  
   
 
   Other operating revenue 
    
   
 4,223  
   
    
   
 4,142  
   
    
   
 4,201  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 36,556  
   
    
   
 37,864  
   
    
   
 38,901  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 Operating expense: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Salaries and related costs 
    
   
 10,275  
   
    
   
 9,713  
   
    
   
 8,935  
   
 
   Aircraft fuel 
    
   
 5,813  
   
    
   
 7,522  
   
    
   
 11,675  
   
 
   Regional capacity purchase 
    
   
 2,197  
   
    
   
 2,290  
   
    
   
 2,344  
   
 
   Landing fees and other rent 
    
   
 2,165  
   
    
   
 2,203  
   
    
   
 2,274  
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 1,977  
   
    
   
 1,819  
   
    
   
 1,679  
   
 
   Aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs 
    
   
 1,749  
   
    
   
 1,651  
   
    
   
 1,779  
   
 
   Distribution expenses 
    
   
 1,303  
   
    
   
 1,342  
   
    
   
 1,373  
   
 
   Aircraft rent 
    
   
 680  
   
    
   
 754  
   
    
   
 883  
   
 
   Special charges (Note 16) 
    
   
 638  
   
    
   
 326  
   
    
   
 443  
   
 
   Other operating expenses 
    
   
 5,418  
   
    
   
 5,076  
   
    
   
 5,139  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 32,215  
   
    
   
 32,696  
   
    
   
 36,524  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 Operating income 
    
   
 4,341  
   
    
   
 5,168  
   
    
   
 2,377  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 Nonoperating income (expense): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (614) 
   
    
   
 (670) 
   
    
   
 (742) 
   
 
   Interest capitalized 
    
   
 72  
   
    
   
 49  
   
    
   
 52  
   
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 42  
   
    
   
 25  
   
    
   
 22  
   
 
   Miscellaneous, net (Note 16) 
    
   
 (19) 
   
    
   
 (351) 
   
    
   
 (599) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 (519) 
   
    
   
 (947) 
   
    
   
 (1,267) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 Income before income taxes 
    
   
 3,822  
   
    
   
 4,221  
   
    
   
 1,110  
   
 
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
    
   
 1,558  
   
    
   
 (3,080) 
   
    
   
 (4) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
  $ 
 2,264  
   
    
  $ 
 7,301  
   
    
  $ 
 1,114  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these
statements.  
      56  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED AIRLINES, INC.  
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)    (In millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
         2016        
 
   
    
         2015        
 
   
    
         2014        
 
   


 
   Net income 
    
  $ 
 2,264  
   
    
  $ 
 7,301  
   
    
  $ 
 1,114  
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net change related to: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Employee benefit plans, net of taxes 
    
   
 (313) 
   
    
   
 70  
   
    
   
 (1,171) 
   
 
   Fuel derivative financial instruments, net of taxes 
    
   
 316  
   
    
   
 182  
   
    
   
 (510) 
   
 
   Investments and other, net of taxes 
    
   
 (1) 
   
    
   
 (4) 
   
    
   
 (6) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 2  
   
    
   
 248  
   
    
   
 (1,687) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total comprehensive income (loss), net 
    
  $ 
 2,266  
   
    
  $ 
 7,549  
   
    
  $ 
 (573) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these
statements.  
      57  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED AIRLINES, INC.  
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    (In millions, except shares)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   


 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 ASSETS 
    
         2016        
 
   
   
         2015        
 
   
 
   Current assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
  $ 
 2,173  
   
   
  $ 
 3,000  
   
 
   Short-term investments 
    
   
 2,249  
   
   
   
 2,190  
   
 
   Receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts (2016—$10; 2015—$18) 
    
   
 1,176  
   
   
   
 1,128  
   
 
   Fuel hedge collateral deposits 
    
   
 —  
   
   
   
 26  
   
 
   Aircraft fuel, spare parts and supplies, less obsolescence allowance (2016—$295; 2015—$235) 
    
   
 873  
   
   
   
 738  
   
 
   Prepaid expenses and other 
    
   
 832  
   
   
   
 787  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 7,303  
   
   
   
 7,869  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating property and equipment: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Owned— 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Flight equipment 
    
   
 25,873  
   
   
   
 23,728  
   
 
   Other property and equipment 
    
   
 5,652  
   
   
   
 4,542  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 31,525  
   
   
   
 28,270  
   
 
   Less—Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (9,975) 
   
   
   
 (8,339) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 21,550  
   
   
   
 19,931  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchase deposits for flight equipment 
    
   
 1,059  
   
   
   
 788  
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital leases— 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Flight equipment 
    
   
 1,319  
   
   
   
 1,527  
   
 
   Other property and equipment 
    
   
 331  
   
   
   
 332  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 1,650  
   
   
   
 1,859  
   
 
   Less—Accumulated amortization 
    
   
 (941) 
   
   
   
 (998) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 709  
   
   
   
 861  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 23,318  
   
   
   
 21,580  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 4,523  
   
   
   
 4,523  
   
 
   Intangibles, less accumulated amortization (2016—$1,234; 2015—$1,144) 
    
   
 3,632  
   
   
   
 4,136  
   
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 612  
   
   
   
 1,995  
   
 
   Restricted cash 
    
   
 124  
   
   
   
 204  
   
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 579  
   
   
   
 554  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 9,470  
   
   
   
 11,412  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
  $ 
 40,091  
   
   
  $ 
 40,861  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      58  


  (continued on next page)  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  UNITED AIRLINES, INC.  
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    (In millions, except shares)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   


 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY 
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
 
   Current liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Advance ticket sales 
    
  $ 
 3,730  
   
    
  $ 
 3,753  
   
 
   Frequent flyer deferred revenue 
    
   
 2,135  
   
    
   
 2,117  
   
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 2,144  
   
    
   
 1,874  
   
 
   Accrued salaries and benefits 
    
   
 2,307  
   
    
   
 2,350  
   
 
   Current maturities of long-term debt 
    
   
 849  
   
    
   
 1,224  
   
 
   Current maturities of capital leases 
    
   
 116  
   
    
   
 135  
   
 
   Fuel derivative instruments 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 124  
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 1,009  
   
    
   
 840  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 12,290  
   
    
   
 12,417  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 9,918  
   
    
   
 9,673  
   
 
   Long-term obligations under capital leases 
    
   
 822  
   
    
   
 727  
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 Other liabilities and deferred credits: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Frequent flyer deferred revenue 
    
   
 2,748  
   
    
   
 2,826  
   
 
   Postretirement benefit liability 
    
   
 1,581  
   
    
   
 1,882  
   
 
   Pension liability 
    
   
 1,892  
   
    
   
 1,488  
   
 
   Advanced purchase of miles 
    
   
 430  
   
    
   
 1,010  
   
 
   Lease fair value adjustment, net 
    
   
 277  
   
    
   
 359  
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 1,527  
   
    
   
 1,516  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 8,455  
   
    
   
 9,081  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Commitments and contingencies 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stockholder’s equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common stock at par, $0.01 par value; authorized 1,000 shares; issued and outstanding 1,000 shares at December 31, 2016 and
2015 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
   Additional capital invested 
    
   
 3,573  
   
    
   
 6,138  
   
 
   Retained earnings 
    
   
 5,937  
   
    
   
 3,673  
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (829) 
   
    
   
 (831) 
   
 
   Receivable from related parties 
    
   
 (75) 
   
    
   
 (17) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 8,606  
   
    
   
 8,963  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
  $ 
 40,091  
   
    
  $ 
 40,861  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these
statements.  
      59  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED AIRLINES, INC.  
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS    (In millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
         2016        
 
   
    
         2015        
 
   
    
         2014        
 
   


 
   Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
  $ 
 2,264  
   
    
  $ 
 7,301  
   
    
  $ 
 1,114  
   
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities - 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 1,650  
   
    
   
 (3,136) 
   
    
   
 13  
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 1,977  
   
    
   
 1,819  
   
    
   
 1,679  
   
 
   Special charges,  non-cash  portion 
    
   
 391  
   
    
   
 247  
   
    
   
 78  
   
 
   Other operating activities 
    
   
 108  
   
    
   
 115  
   
    
   
 4  
   
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities - 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   (Increase) decrease in fuel hedge collateral 
    
   
 26  
   
    
   
 551  
   
    
   
 (577) 
   
 
   (Decrease) increase in fuel derivatives 
    
   
 (20) 
   
    
   
 (305) 
   
    
   
 436  
   
 
   Decrease in other liabilities 
    
   
 (112) 
   
    
   
 (199) 
   
    
   
 (236) 
   
 
   Decrease in frequent flyer deferred revenue and advanced purchase of miles 
    
   
 (641) 
   
    
   
 (200) 
   
    
   
 (88) 
   
 
   Increase in other assets 
    
   
 (251) 
   
    
   
 (160) 
   
    
   
 (34) 
   
 
   Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 
    
   
 239  
   
    
   
 (77) 
   
    
   
 (251) 
   
 
   Increase (decrease) in advance ticket sales 
    
   
 (22) 
   
    
   
 52  
   
    
   
 296  
   
 
   (Increase) decrease in receivables 
    
   
 (16) 
   
    
   
 (15) 
   
    
   
 209  
   
 
   Increase in intercompany receivables 
    
   
 (58) 
   
    
   
 (12) 
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
   Decrease in intercompany payables 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 (118) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 5,535  
   
    
   
 5,981  
   
    
   
 2,525  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 (3,223) 
   
    
   
 (2,747) 
   
    
   
 (2,005) 
   
 
   Purchases of short-term and other investments 
    
   
 (2,768) 
   
    
   
 (2,517) 
   
    
   
 (3,569) 
   
 
   Proceeds from sale of short-term and other investments 
    
   
 2,712  
   
    
   
 2,707 
   
    
   
 3,112  
   
 
   Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 
    
   
 28  
   
    
   
 86  
   
    
   
 94  
   
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 13  
   
    
   
 (136) 
   
    
   
 37  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (3,238) 
   
    
   
 (2,607) 
   
    
   
 (2,331) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Dividend to UAL 
    
   
 (2,614) 
   
    
   
 (1,233) 
   
    
   
 (212) 
   
 
   Payments of long-term debt 
    
   
 (1,215) 
   
    
   
 (2,178) 
   
    
   
 (2,503) 
   
 
   Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
    
   
 808  
   
    
   
 1,073  
   
    
   
 1,432  
   
 
   Principal payments under capital leases 
    
   
 (136) 
   
    
   
 (123) 
   
    
   
 (127) 
   
 
   Capitalized financing costs 
    
   
 (64) 
   
    
   
 (37) 
   
    
   
 (104) 
   
 
   UAL contributions related to stock plans 
    
   
 6  
   
    
   
 16  
   
    
   
 60  
   
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 9  
   
    
   
 (2) 
   
    
   
 (33) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (3,206) 
   
    
   
 (2,484) 
   
    
   
 (1,487) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
    
   
 (909) 
   
    
   
 890  
   
    
   
 (1,293) 
   
 
   Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 
    
   
 3,206  
   
    
   
 2,316  
   
    
   
 3,609  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 
    
  $ 
 2,297  
   
    
  $ 
 3,206  
   
    
  $ 
 2,316  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Investing and Financing Activities Not Affecting Cash: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Property and equipment acquired through the issuance of debt 
    
  $ 
 386  
   
    
  $ 
 866  
   
    
  $ 
 1,114  
   
 
   Airport construction financing 
    
   
 91  
   
    
   
 17  
   
    
   
 14  
   
 
   Operating lease conversions to capital lease 
    
   
 12  
   
    
   
 285  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
   Transfer of UAL subsidiaries to United 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 186  
   
 
   Exchange of convertible notes for common stock 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 156  
   
 
   Cash Paid (Refunded) During the Period for: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest 
    
  $ 
 584  
   
    
  $ 
 660  
   
    
  $ 
 748  
   
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 14  
   
    
   
 15  
   
    
   
 (16) 
   
   The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these
statements.  
      60  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED AIRLINES, INC.  
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY    (In millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Additional Capital Invested 
   
   
 Retained Earnings (Accumulated 
 Deficit) 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
   
   
 Receivable from Related Parties, Net 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
  $ 
 7,590  
   
   
  $ 
 (4,743) 
   
   
  $ 
 608  
   
   
  $ 
 (232) 
   
   
  $ 
 3,223  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 1,114  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 1,114  
   
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (1,687) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (1,687) 
   
 
   Convertible debt redemption 
   
   
 156  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 156  
   
 
   Dividend and other capital distributions to UAL 
   
   
 (469) 
   
   
   
 1  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 232  
   
   
   
 (236) 
   
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 10  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 10  
   
 
   UAL contribution related to stock plans 
   
   
 60  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 60  
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (5) 
   
   
   
 (5) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 7,347  
   
   
   
 (3,628) 
   
   
   
 (1,079) 
   
   
   
 (5) 
   
   
   
 2,635  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 7,301  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 7,301  
   
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 248  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 248  
   
 
   Dividend to UAL 
   
   
 (1,232) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (1,232) 
   
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 7  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 7  
   
 
   UAL contribution related to stock plans 
   
   
 16  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 16  
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (12) 
   
   
   
 (12) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 6,138  
   
   
   
 3,673  
   
   
   
 (831) 
   
   
   
 (17) 
   
   
   
 8,963  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 2,264  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 2,264  
   
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 2  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 2  
   
 
   Dividend to UAL 
   
   
 (2,603) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (2,603) 
   
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 32  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 32  
   
 
   UAL contribution related to stock plans 
   
   
 6  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 6  
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (58) 
   
   
   
 (58) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
   
  $ 
 3,573  
   
   
  $ 
 5,937  
   
   
  $ 
 (829) 
   
   
  $ 
 (75) 
   
   
  $ 
 8,606  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these
statements.  
      61  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED CONTINENTAL HOLDINGS, INC.  
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC.    COMBINED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    Overview
   United Continental Holdings, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “UAL” or the “Company”) is a holding
company and its principal, wholly-owned subsidiary is United Airlines, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “United”). As UAL consolidates United for financial statement purposes, disclosures that relate to activities of
United also apply to UAL, unless otherwise noted. United’s operating revenues and operating expenses comprise nearly 100% of UAL’s revenues and operating expenses. In addition, United comprises approximately the entire balance of
UAL’s assets, liabilities and operating cash flows. When appropriate, UAL and United are named specifically for their individual contractual obligations and related disclosures and any significant differences between the operations and results
of UAL and United are separately disclosed and explained. We sometimes use the words “we,” “our,” “us,” and the “Company” in this report for disclosures that relate to all of UAL and United.  
 NOTE 1 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES      
 
 
 (a) 
 Use of Estimates— The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in these financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
   
 
 
 (b) 
 Revenue Recognition— The Company records passenger ticket sales and tickets sold by other airlines for use on United as passenger revenue when the
transportation is provided or upon estimated breakage. The value of unused passenger tickets is included in current liabilities as Advance ticket sales. Tickets sold by other airlines are recorded at the estimated values to be billed to the other
airlines. Differences between amounts billed and the actual amounts may be rejected and rebilled or written off if the amount recorded was different from the original estimate. When necessary, the Company records a reserve against its interline
billings and payables if historical experience indicates that these amounts are different.  Non-refundable  tickets generally expire on the date of the intended flight, unless the date is extended by
notification from the customer on or before the intended flight date.    Fees charged in association with changes
or extensions to  non-refundable  tickets are recorded as other revenue at the time the fee is incurred. The fare on the changed ticket, including any additional collection of fare, is deferred and recognized in
accordance with our transportation revenue recognition policy at the time the transportation is provided. Change fees related to  non-refundable  tickets are considered a separate transaction from the air
transportation because they represent a charge for the Company’s additional service to modify a previous sale. Therefore, the pricing of the change fee and the initial customer order are separately determined and represent distinct earnings
processes.    The Company records an estimate of breakage revenue on the flight date for tickets that will expire unused. These
estimates are based on the evaluation of actual historical results and forecasted trends. Refundable tickets expire after one year from the date of issuance.    The Company recognizes cargo and other revenue as service is provided.    Under our
capacity purchase agreements (“CPAs”) with regional carriers, we purchase all of the capacity related to aircraft covered by the contracts and are responsible for selling all of the related seat inventory. We record the passenger revenue
and related expenses as separate operating revenue and expense in the consolidated statement of operations.    Accounts
receivable primarily consist of amounts due from credit card companies and customers of our aircraft maintenance and cargo transportation services. We provide an allowance for uncollectible  
      62  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
accounts equal to the estimated losses expected to be incurred based on historical write-offs and other specific analyses. Bad debt expense and write-offs were not material for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.      
 
 
 (c) 
   Frequent Flyer Accounting— United’s MileagePlus ®  program builds customer loyalty by offering awards, benefits and services to program participants. Members in this program earn miles for flights on United, United
Express, Star Alliance members and certain other airlines that participate in the program. Members can also earn miles by purchasing the goods and services of our network of  non-airline  partners. We sell miles
to these partners, which include credit card issuers, retail merchants, hotels, car rental companies and our participating airline partners. Miles can be redeemed for free (other than taxes and government imposed fees), discounted or upgraded air
travel and  non-travel  awards. The Company records its obligation for future award redemptions using a deferred revenue model.  
 Miles Earned in Conjunction with Flights    When frequent flyers earn miles for flights, the Company recognizes a portion of the ticket sales as revenue when the air transportation occurs and defers a portion of the ticket sale representing the
value of the related miles as a multiple-deliverable revenue arrangement. The Company determines the estimated selling price of air transportation and miles as if each element is sold on a separate basis. The total consideration from each ticket
sale is then allocated to each of these elements, individually, on a pro rata basis. The miles are recorded in Frequent flyer deferred revenue on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet and recognized into revenue when the transportation is
provided.    The Company’s estimated selling price of miles is based on an equivalent ticket value less fulfillment
discount, which incorporates the expected redemption of miles, as the best estimate of selling price for these miles. The equivalent ticket value is based on the prior 12 months’ weighted average equivalent ticket value of similar fares as
those used to settle award redemptions while taking into consideration such factors as redemption pattern, cabin class, loyalty status and geographic region. The estimated selling price of miles is adjusted by a fulfillment discount that considers a
number of factors, including redemption patterns of various customer groups.  
 Co-branded  Credit Card Partner Mileage Sales  
 United has a significant contract, the Second Amended and Restated  Co-Branded  Card Marketing
Services Agreement (the  “Co-Brand  Agreement”), to sell MileagePlus miles to its  co-branded  credit card partner, Chase Bank USA, N.A. (“Chase”).
United identified the following significant revenue elements in the  Co-Brand  Agreement: the air transportation element represented by the value of the mile (generally resulting from its redemption for future
air transportation and whose fair value is described above); use of the United brand and access to MileagePlus member lists; advertising; and other travel related benefits.    The fair value of the elements is determined using management’s estimated selling price of each element. The objective of using the estimated selling price based methodology is to determine the price
at which we would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a stand-alone basis. Accordingly, we determine our best estimate of selling price by considering multiple inputs and methods including, but not limited to, discounted cash
flows, brand value, volume discounts, published selling prices, number of miles awarded and number of miles redeemed. The Company estimated the selling prices and volumes over the term of the  Co-Brand 
Agreement in order to determine the allocation of proceeds to each of the multiple elements to be delivered. We also evaluate volumes on an annual basis, which may result in a change in the allocation of estimated selling price on a prospective
basis.    The Company records passenger revenue related to the air transportation element when the transportation is delivered.
The other elements are generally recognized as Other operating revenue when earned.  
      63  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Expiration of Miles  
 The Company accounts for miles sold and awarded that will never be redeemed by program members, which we refer to as breakage. The Company
reviews its breakage estimates annually based upon the latest available information regarding redemption and expiration patterns. Miles expire after 18 months of member account inactivity.  
 The Company’s estimate of the expected expiration of miles requires significant management judgment. Current and future changes to
expiration assumptions or to the expiration policy, or to program rules and program redemption opportunities, may result in material changes to the deferred revenue balance as well as recognized revenues from the programs.  
 Other Information    The following table provides additional information related to the frequent flyer program (in millions):      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Year Ended December 31, 
    
 Cash Proceeds from Miles Sold and Earned 
   
    
 Other Revenue Recognized Upon Award of Miles to Third-Party Customers
(a) 
   
    
 Increase in Frequent Flyer Deferred Revenue for Miles Awarded (b) 
   
    
 Decrease in Advanced Purchase of Miles (c) 
   


 
   2016 
    
  $ 
 3,022  
   
    
  $ 
 1,221  
   
    
  $ 
 2,050  
   
    
  $ 
 (249) 
   
 
   2015 
    
   
 2,999  
   
    
   
 1,050  
   
    
   
 2,173  
   
    
   
 (224) 
   
 
   2014 
    
   
 2,861  
   
    
   
 882  
   
    
   
 2,178  
   
    
   
 (199) 
   
 
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 (a) This amount represents other revenue recognized during the period from the sale of miles to third parties, representing the marketing-related deliverable services
component of the sale. 
   
 
 (b) This amount represents the increase to Frequent flyer deferred revenue during the period. 
   
 
 (c) This amount represents the net decrease in the advance purchase of miles obligation due to cash payments for the sale of miles less than miles awarded to
customers. 
   
     
 
 
 (d) 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash— Highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less on their acquisition date are classified as
cash and cash equivalents.    Restricted cash primarily includes cash collateral associated with workers’
compensation obligations and reserves for institutions that process credit card ticket sales. Restricted cash is classified as short-term or long-term in the consolidated balance sheets based on the expected timing of return of the assets to the
Company.    The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the
consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown in the statements of consolidated cash flows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
 UAL 
   
   
 United 
   
 
     
   
 At December 31, 
   
   
 At December 31, 
   
 
     
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   


 
   Current assets: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 $ 
 2,179 
   
   
 $ 
 3,006 
   
   
 $ 
 2,002 
   
   
 $ 
 2,173 
   
   
 $ 
 3,000 
   
   
 $ 
 1,996 
   
 
   Restricted cash included in Prepaid expenses and other 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 44 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 44 
   
 
   Other assets: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Restricted cash 
   
   
 124 
   
   
   
 204 
   
   
   
 276 
   
   
   
 124 
   
   
   
 204 
   
   
   
 276 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the statement of consolidated cash flows 
   
 $ 
 2,303 
   
   
 $ 
 3,212 
   
   
 $ 
 2,322 
   
   
 $ 
 2,297 
   
   
 $ 
 3,206 
   
   
 $ 
 2,316 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      64  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (e) 
 Short-term Investments— Short-term investments are classified as
 available-for-sale  and are stated at fair value. Realized gains and losses on sales of investments are reflected in nonoperating income (expense) in the consolidated
statements of operations. Unrealized gains and losses on  available-for-sale  securities are reflected as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
     
 
 
 (f) 
 Aircraft Fuel, Spare Parts and Supplies— The Company accounts for aircraft fuel, spare parts and supplies at average cost and provides an obsolescence
allowance for aircraft spare parts with an assumed residual value of 10% of original cost.      
 
 
 (g) 
 Property and Equipment— The Company records additions to owned operating property and equipment at cost when acquired. Property under capital leases and the
related obligation for future lease payments are recorded at an amount equal to the initial present value of those lease payments. Modifications that enhance the operating performance or extend the useful lives of airframes or engines are
capitalized as property and equipment. It is the Company’s policy to record compensation from delays in delivery of aircraft as a reduction of the cost of the related aircraft.  
 Depreciation and amortization of owned depreciable assets is based on the straight-line method over the assets’ estimated useful
lives. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the remaining term of the lease, including estimated facility renewal options when renewal is reasonably assured at key airports, or the estimated useful life of the related asset, whichever is less.
Properties under capital leases are amortized on the straight-line method over the life of the lease or, in the case of certain aircraft, over their estimated useful lives, whichever is shorter. Amortization of capital lease assets is included in
depreciation and amortization expense. The estimated useful lives of property and equipment are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Estimated Useful Life (in years)   
   


 
   Aircraft and related rotable parts 
    
   
 25 to 30  
   
 
   Buildings 
    
   
 25 to 45  
   
 
   Other property and equipment 
    
   
 3 to 15  
   
 
   Computer software 
    
   
 5  
   
 
   Building improvements 
    
   
 1 to 40  
   
   As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company had a carrying value of computer software of
$356 million and $279 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company’s depreciation expense related to computer software was $108 million, $93 million and $81 million,
respectively. Aircraft and aircraft spare parts were assumed to have residual values of approximately 10% of original cost, and other categories of property and equipment were assumed to have no residual value.  
   
 
 
 (h) 
 Maintenance and Repairs— The cost of maintenance and repairs, including the cost of minor replacements, is charged to expense as incurred, except for costs
incurred under our  power-by-the-hour  (“PBTH”) engine maintenance agreements. PBTH contracts transfer certain risk to
third-party service providers and fix the amount we pay per flight hour or per cycle to the service provider in exchange for maintenance and repairs under a predefined maintenance program. Under PBTH agreements, the Company recognizes expense at a
level rate per engine hour, unless the level of service effort and the related payments during the period are substantially consistent, in which case the Company recognizes expense based on the amounts paid.  
   
 
 
 (i) 
 Lease Fair Value Adjustments— Lease fair value adjustments, which arose from recording operating leases at fair value under fresh start or business
combination accounting, are amortized on a straight-line basis over the related lease term.      
 
 
 (j) 
 Regional Capacity Purchase— Payments made to regional carriers under CPAs are reported in Regional capacity purchase in our consolidated statements of
operations.  
      65  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (k) 
 Advertising— Advertising costs, which are included in Other operating expenses, are expensed as incurred. Advertising expenses were $220 million,
$201 million and $179 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.      
 
 
 (l) 
 Intangibles— The Company has finite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their
estimated useful lives. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. Goodwill and indefinite-lived
assets are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis as of October 1, or on an interim basis whenever a triggering event occurs. See Note 2 of this report for additional information related to intangibles.  
   
 
 
 (m) 
 Long-Lived Asset Impairments— The Company evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets subject to amortization whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that an impairment may exist. For purposes of this testing, the Company has generally identified the aircraft fleet type as the lowest level of identifiable cash flows. An impairment charge is recognized when the asset’s
carrying value exceeds its net undiscounted future cash flows and its fair market value. The amount of the charge is the difference between the asset’s carrying value and fair market value. See Note 16 of this report for additional information
related to asset impairments.      
 
 
 (n) 
 Share-Based Compensation— The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant date
fair value of the award. The resulting cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award, usually the vesting period. Obligations for cash-settled restricted stock units
(“RSUs”) are remeasured at fair value throughout the requisite service period on the last day of each reporting period based upon UAL’s stock price. In addition to the service requirement, certain RSUs have performance metrics that
must be achieved prior to vesting. These awards are accrued based on the expected level of achievement at each reporting period. A cumulative adjustment is recorded on the last day of each reporting period to adjust compensation expense based on
both UAL’s stock price and the then current level of expected performance achievement for the performance-based awards. See Note 5 of this report for additional information on UAL’s share-based compensation plans.  
   
 
 
 (o) 
 Ticket Taxes— Certain governmental taxes are imposed on the Company’s ticket sales through a fee included in ticket prices. The Company collects these
fees and remits them to the appropriate government agency. These fees are recorded on a net basis (excluded from operating revenue).      
 
 
 (p) 
 Retirement of Leased Aircraft— The Company accrues for estimated lease costs over the remaining term of the lease at the present value of future minimum
lease payments, net of estimated sublease rentals (if any), in the period that aircraft are permanently removed from service. When reasonably estimable and probable, the Company estimates maintenance lease return condition obligations for items such
as minimum aircraft and engine conditions specified in leases and accrues these amounts over the lease term while the aircraft are operating, and any remaining unrecognized estimated obligations are accrued in the period that an aircraft is removed
from service.      
 
 
 (q) 
   Uncertain Income Tax Positions— The Company has recorded reserves for income taxes and associated interest that may become payable in future
years. Although management believes that its positions taken on income tax matters are reasonable, the Company nevertheless has established tax and interest reserves in recognition that various taxing authorities may challenge certain of the
positions taken by the Company, potentially resulting in additional liabilities for taxes and interest. The Company’s uncertain tax position reserves are reviewed periodically and are adjusted as events occur that affect its estimates, such as
the availability of new information, the lapsing of applicable statutes of limitation, the conclusion of tax audits, the measurement of additional estimated liability, the identification of new tax matters, the release of administrative tax guidance
affecting its estimates of tax liabilities, or the rendering of relevant court decisions. The Company records penalties and interest relating to uncertain tax positions in Other operating expense and Interest expense, respectively, in its
 
      66  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
consolidated statements of operations. The Company has not recorded any material expense or liabilities related to interest or penalties in its consolidated financial statements.
     
 
 
 (r) 
 Labor Costs— The Company records expenses associated with amendable labor agreements when the amounts are probable and estimable. These include costs
associated with lump sum cash payments that would be made in conjunction with the ratification of labor agreements. To the extent these upfront costs are in lieu of future pay increases, they would be capitalized and amortized over the term of the
labor agreements. If not, these amounts would be expensed.      
 
 
 (s) 
 Third-Party Business— The Company has third-party business revenue that includes fuel sales, catering, ground handling, maintenance services and frequent
flyer award  non-air  redemptions, and third-party business revenue is recorded in Other operating revenue. The Company also incurs third-party business expenses, such as maintenance, ground handling and
catering services for third parties, fuel sales and  non-air  mileage redemptions, and those third-party business expenses are recorded in Other operating expenses.  
   
 
 
 (t) 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards— The Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) amended the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and
created a new Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  This amendment prescribes that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The amendment supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition , and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry
Topics of the Accounting Standards Codification. The Company currently plans to use the full-retrospective approach in adopting this standard on January 1, 2018. Under the new standard, certain airline ancillary fees directly related to
passenger revenue tickets, such as ticket change fees and baggage fees, are likely to no longer be considered distinct performance obligations separate from the passenger travel component. In addition, the ticket change fees which were previously
recognized when received and booking fees when paid, will likely be recognized when transportation is provided. The Company has previously recorded ancillary fees and change fees in other operating revenue but will record these in passenger revenue
under the new standard. The Company is evaluating other possible impacts from the new standard on its consolidated financial statements.    In 2016, the FASB amended the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and created a new Topic 842,  Leases  (“Topic 842”). The guidance requires lessees to recognize a  right-of-use  asset and a lease liability for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date and recognize expenses on their income statements
similar to the current Topic 840,  Leases . It is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. Lessees and lessors are required to adopt Topic 842 using a modified
retrospective approach for all leases existing at or commencing after the date of initial application with an option to use certain practical expedients. The Company is evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard will have on its
consolidated financial statements and believes this standard will have a significant impact on its consolidated balance sheets.  
 In 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update  No. 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee
Share-Based Payment Accounting  (“ASU  2016-09”) .  The update requires excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies, which arise due to differences between the measure of compensation expense and
the amount deductible for tax purposes, to be recorded directly through earnings as a component of income tax expense. Under current GAAP, these differences are generally recorded in additional  paid-in  capital
and thus have no impact on net income. The change in treatment of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies will also impact the computation of diluted earnings per share and the cash flows associated with those items will be classified as operating
activities on the statements of consolidated cash flows. Additionally, entities will be permitted to make an accounting policy election for the impact of forfeitures on the recognition of expense for share-based payment awards. Forfeitures can be
estimated, as required under current GAAP, or recognized when they occur. The amendments in this update are  
      67  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU  2016-09  to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.    In 2016, the
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update  No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  (“ASU
 2016-15”).  The update amends the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification 230,  Statement of Cash Flows  (“ASC 230”), and clarifies how entities should classify certain cash receipts
and cash payments on the statement of cash flows with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice related to eight specific cash flow issues. The Company adopted ASU  2016-15  as of
December 31, 2016 and the standard did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.    In 2016, the
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update  No. 2016-18,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash . The update amends ASC 230 to add guidance on the classification and presentation of
restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. Furthermore, a reconciliation between the statement of financial position and the statement of cash flows must be disclosed when the statement of financial position includes more than one line item for
cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents. The Company adopted this standard as of December 31, 2016 and included $124 million, $206 million and $320 million of restricted cash in the total of cash,
cash equivalents and restricted cash in its statements of consolidated cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. A reconciliation of restricted cash for each period of the Company’s balance sheet to its
statement of consolidated cash flows is included in Note 1(d) Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash of this report.  
 The FASB issued Accounting Standards Update  No. 2015-07,   Fair Value Measurement (Topic
820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent) . Under the standard, investments for which fair value is measured at net asset value (“NAV”) per share (or its
equivalent) using the practical expedient are no longer categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The Company adopted this standard on January 1, 2016. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately $182 million of such
investments as part of Short-term investments on its consolidated balance sheets. In addition, pension plan investments measured at NAV per share are no longer categorized within the fair value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2016, the Company
had approximately $1.8 billion of such investments.  
      68  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  NOTE 2 - GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS  
 The following table presents information about the Company’s goodwill and other intangible assets at December 31 (in millions):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
 
   Item 
    
 Asset life (a) 
   
    
 Gross 
Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
 
   
    
 Gross 
Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
 
   


 
   Goodwill 
    
 
 
 
    
  $ 
 4,523  
   
    
 
 
 
    
  $ 
 4,523  
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Finite-lived intangible assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Frequent flyer database (b) 
    
   
 22 
   
    
  $ 
 1,177  
   
    
  $ 
 771  
   
    
  $ 
 1,177  
   
    
  $ 
 702  
   
 
   Hubs 
    
   
 20 
   
    
   
 145  
   
    
   
 82  
   
    
   
 145  
   
    
   
 74  
   
 
   Contracts 
    
   
 13 
   
    
   
 135  
   
    
   
 95  
   
    
   
 135  
   
    
   
 86  
   
 
   Patents and tradenames 
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 108  
   
    
   
 108  
   
    
   
 108  
   
    
   
 108  
   
 
   Airport slots and gates 
    
   
 8 
   
    
   
 97  
   
    
   
 97  
   
    
   
 97  
   
    
   
 97  
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 25 
   
    
   
 109  
   
    
   
 81  
   
    
   
 109  
   
    
   
 77  
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 
 
 
    
  $ 
 1,771  
   
    
  $ 
 1,234  
   
    
  $ 
 1,771  
   
    
  $ 
 1,144  
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Indefinite-lived intangible assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Route authorities 
    
 
 
 
    
  $ 
 1,562  
   
    
 
 
 
    
  $ 
 1,570  
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Airport slots and gates 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 536  
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 942  
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Tradenames and logos 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 593  
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 593  
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Alliances 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 404  
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 404  
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
 
 
 
    
  $ 
 3,095  
   
    
 
 
 
    
  $ 
 3,509  
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
       (a)
Weighted average life expressed in years.    (b) The frequent flyer database is amortized based on an accelerated amortization schedule to
reflect utilization of the assets. Estimated cash flows correlating to the expected attrition rate of customers in the frequent flyer database is considered in the determination of the amortization schedules.  
 Amortization expense in 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $90 million, $105 million and $128 million, respectively. Projected amortization expense in
2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 is $79 million, $70 million, $64 million, $58 million and $53 million, respectively.  
 See Note 16 of this report for additional information related to impairment of intangible assets.  
 NOTE 3 - COMMON STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY AND PREFERRED SECURITIES    In 2016, UAL repurchased approximately 50 million shares of UAL common stock for $2.6 billion. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately $1.8 billion remaining to purchase
shares under its share program. UAL may repurchase shares through the open market, privately negotiated transactions, block trades or accelerated share repurchase transactions from time to time in accordance with applicable securities laws. UAL may
repurchase shares of UAL common stock subject to prevailing market conditions, and may discontinue such repurchases at any time. See Part II, Item 5, “Market for registrant’s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases
of equity securities” of this report for additional information.    In 2016, the Company retired 70 million treasury shares that were
originally acquired at an average cost of approximately $53 per share.    At December 31, 2016, approximately 5 million shares of
UAL’s common stock were reserved for future issuance related to the issuance of equity-based awards under the Company’s incentive compensation plans.    As of December 31, 2016, UAL had two shares of junior preferred stock (par value $0.01 per share) outstanding. In addition, UAL is authorized to issue 250 million shares of preferred stock
(without par value) under UAL’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation.  
      69  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  NOTE 4 - EARNINGS PER SHARE    The computations of UAL’s basic and diluted earnings per share are set forth below for the years ended December 31 (in millions, except per share amounts):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
         2016        
 
   
    
         2015        
 
   
    
         2014        
 
   


 
   Basic earnings per share: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Earnings available to common stockholders 
    
  $ 
 2,263  
   
    
  $ 
 7,340  
   
    
  $ 
 1,132  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Basic weighted-average shares outstanding 
    
   
 329.9  
   
    
   
 376.1  
   
    
   
 371.1  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share, basic 
    
  $ 
 6.86  
   
    
  $ 
 19.52  
   
    
  $ 
 3.05  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Diluted earnings per share: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Earnings available to common stockholders 
    
  $ 
 2,263  
   
    
  $ 
 7,340  
   
    
  $ 
 1,132  
   
 
   Effect of dilutive securities 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 11  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Earnings available to common stockholders including the effect of dilutive securities 
    
  $ 
 2,263  
   
    
  $ 
 7,340  
   
    
  $ 
 1,143  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Diluted shares outstanding: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic weighted-average shares outstanding 
    
   
 329.9  
   
    
   
 376.1  
   
    
   
 371.1  
   
 
   Effect of convertible notes 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 0.3  
   
    
   
 17.7  
   
 
   Effect of employee stock awards 
    
   
 0.4  
   
    
   
 0.5  
   
    
   
 0.9  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 
    
   
 330.3  
   
    
   
 376.9  
   
    
   
 389.7  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share, diluted 
    
  $ 
 6.85  
   
    
  $ 
 19.47  
   
    
  $ 
 2.93  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The number of antidilutive securities excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share amounts was not
material.    NOTE 5 - SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS    UAL maintains several share-based compensation plans. These plans provide for grants of qualified and  non-qualified  stock options, stock appreciation rights,
restricted stock awards, RSUs, performance compensation awards, performance units, cash incentive awards and other types of equity-based and equity-related awards.    All awards are recorded as either equity or a liability in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The  share-based  compensation expense is directly recorded
in salaries and related costs or integration-related expense.    During 2016, UAL granted share-based compensation awards pursuant to the United
Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan. These share-based compensation awards include approximately 1.9 million RSUs, 0.4 million shares of restricted stock and 0.4 million stock options. The time-vested RSUs and
the restricted stock awards vest in  one-third  increments over the first three anniversaries of the date of grant. The time-vested RSUs are generally stock-settled for domestic employees and cash-settled for
international employees based on the  20-day  average closing price of UAL common stock immediately prior to the vesting date. The remainder of the RSUs are performance-based and vest based on the Company’s
return on invested capital and the Company’s relative improvement in  pre-tax  margin for the three years ending December 31, 2018. If the applicable performance conditions are achieved, cash payments
will be made after the end of the performance period based on the  20-day  average closing price of UAL common stock immediately prior to the vesting date. The stock options vest in  one-third  increments over either (i) the first three anniversaries of the date of grant (for seven-year term options) or (ii) the fourth, fifth and sixth anniversaries of the date of grant (for  ten-year  term options).  
      70  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table provides information related to UAL’s share-based compensation plan cost for the
years ended December 31 (in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
     2016     
   
    
     2015     
   
    
     2014     
   


 
   Compensation cost (a): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   RSUs 
    
  $ 
 58  
   
    
  $ 
 52  
   
    
  $ 
 104  
   
 
   Restricted stock 
    
   
 11  
   
    
   
 6  
   
    
   
 10  
   
 
   Stock options 
    
   
 1  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
  $ 
 70  
   
    
  $ 
 58  
   
    
  $ 
 114  
   
 
     
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   (a) All compensation cost is recorded to Salaries and related costs, with the exception of $3 million in 2014 that
was recorded in integration-related costs as a component of special items.    The table below summarizes UAL’s unearned compensation and
weighted-average remaining period to recognize costs for all outstanding share-based awards that are probable of being achieved as of December 31, 2016 (in millions, except as noted):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Unearned Compensation 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Remaining Period (in years) 
   


 
   RSUs 
    
  $ 
 49  
   
    
   
 1.5  
   
 
   Restricted stock 
    
   
 11  
   
    
   
 1.5  
   
 
   Stock options 
    
   
 5  
   
    
   
 3.2  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
  $ 
 65  
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   RSUs and Restricted Stock . All performance-based RSUs, as well as a portion of the time-vested RSUs, will be
settled in cash. As of December 31, 2016, UAL had recorded a liability of $70 million related to its RSUs. UAL paid $69 million, $85 million and $86 million related to its RSUs during 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
 
      71  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The table below summarizes UAL’s RSUs and restricted stock activity for the years ended
December 31 (shares in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 RSUs 
   
      
 Restricted Stock 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Grant Price 
   


 
   Non-vested  at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 5.4  
   
      
   
 0.9  
   
    
 $ 
 25.02  
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 0.9  
   
      
   
 0.3  
   
    
   
 43.33  
   
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (2.2) 
   
      
   
 (0.4) 
   
    
   
 24.66  
   
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (0.3) 
   
      
   
 (0.1) 
   
    
   
 28.88  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Non-vested  at December 31, 2014 
    
   
 3.8  
   
      
   
 0.7  
   
    
   
 32.55  
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 1.0  
   
      
   
 0.2  
   
    
   
 66.53  
   
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (1.6) 
   
      
   
 (0.4) 
   
    
   
 31.14  
   
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (0.6) 
   
      
   
 (0.2) 
   
    
   
 46.23  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Non-vested  at December 31, 2015 
    
   
 2.6  
   
      
   
 0.3  
   
    
   
 48.68  
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 1.9  
   
      
   
 0.4  
   
    
   
 50.63  
   
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (1.4) 
   
      
   
 (0.1) 
   
    
   
 41.47  
   
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (0.2) 
   
      
   
 (0.1) 
   
    
   
 53.42  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Non-vested  at December 31, 2016 
    
   
 2.9  
   
      
   
 0.5  
   
    
   
 52.00  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
      
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   The fair value of RSUs and restricted stock that vested in 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $80 million, $92 million and
$97 million, respectively. The fair value of the restricted stock awards was based upon the UAL common stock price on the date of grant. These awards are accounted for as equity awards. The fair value of the RSUs was based on the UAL common
stock price as of the last day preceding the settlement date. These awards were accounted for as either equity or liability awards based on their method of settlement. Restricted stock vesting and the recognition of the expense is similar to the
stock option vesting described below.    Stock Options . During 2016, UAL granted 0.1 million stock options with exercise prices equal
to the fair market value of UAL’s common stock on the date of grant and an additional 0.3 million stock options with exercise prices at a 25% premium of the grant date fair market value resulting in a weighted-average exercise price of
$56.19 and a weighted-average grant date fair value of approximately $2.3 million. Prior to 2016, UAL had not granted any stock options since 2010. Expense related to each portion of an option grant is recognized on a straight-line basis over
the specific vesting period for those options.    The Company determined the fair value of stock options at the grant date using a Black Scholes
option pricing model, which requires the use of several assumptions. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. treasury yield curve in effect for the expected term of the option at the time of grant. The dividend yield on UAL’s common
stock was assumed to be zero since UAL did not have any plans to pay dividends at the time of the option grants. The volatility assumptions were based upon historical volatilities of UAL using daily stock price returns equivalent to the expected
term of the option. The expected lives of the options were determined based upon a simplified assumption that the option will be exercised evenly from vesting to expiration due to the Company’s lack of relevant historical data.  
 As of December 31, 2016, there were approximately 0.5 million outstanding stock option awards, 0.1 million of which were exercisable, with
weighted-average exercise prices of $46.83 and $18.58, respectively, intrinsic values of $14 million and $7 million, respectively, and weighted-average remaining contractual lives (in years) of 6.3 and 1.6, respectively.  
      72  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  NOTE 6 - ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  
 The tables below present the components of the Company’s accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“AOCI”), net of tax (in millions):
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Deferred Taxes 
   
   
   
   
 
     
   
 Pension and Other Postretirement Liabilities 
   
   
 Fuel Derivatives Contracts 
   
   
 Investments and Other 
   
   
 Pension and Other Postretirement Liabilities 
   
   
 Fuel Derivative Contracts 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
  $ 
 699  
   
   
  $ 
 11  
   
   
  $ 
 13  
   
   
  $ 
 (115) 
   
   
  $ 
 —  
 (c)  
   
  $ 
 608  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications (a) 
   
   
 (1,106) 
 (b)  
   
   
 (599) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (1,705) 
   
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (a) 
   
   
 (65) 
   
   
   
 89  
   
   
   
 (6) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 18  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 (1,171) 
   
   
   
 (510) 
   
   
   
 (6) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (1,687) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
  $ 
 (472) 
   
   
  $ 
 (499) 
   
   
  $ 
 7  
   
   
  $ 
 (115) 
   
   
  $ 
 —  
 (c)  
   
  $ 
 (1,079) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
   
   
 78 
 (b)  
   
   
 (320) 
   
   
   
 (4) 
   
   
   
 (28) 
   
   
   
 115  
   
   
   
 (159) 
   
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
   
 31  
   
   
   
 604  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (11) 
   
   
   
 (217) 
   
   
   
 407  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 109  
   
   
   
 284  
   
   
   
 (4) 
   
   
   
 (39) 
   
   
   
 (102) 
   
   
   
 248  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
  $ 
 (363) 
   
   
  $ 
 (215) 
   
   
  $ 
 3  
   
   
  $ 
 (154) 
   
   
  $ 
 (102) 
   
   
  $ 
 (831) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
   
   
 (517) 
 (b)  
   
   
 (4) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 186  
   
   
   
 1  
   
   
   
 (334) 
   
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
   
 26  
   
   
   
 217  
   
   
   
 (1) 
   
   
   
 (8) 
   
   
   
 102  
   
   
   
 336  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 (491) 
   
   
   
 213  
   
   
   
 (1) 
   
   
   
 178  
   
   
   
 103  
   
   
   
 2  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
   
  $ 
 (854) 
   
   
  $ 
 (2) 
   
   
  $ 
 2  
   
   
  $ 
 24  
   
   
  $ 
 1  
   
   
  $ 
 (829) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Details about AOCI Components 
   
 Amount Reclassified from AOCI to Income 
   
   
 Affected Line Item in the Statement
Where Net Income is Presented 
   
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
   
   


 
   Fuel derivative contracts 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fuel contracts-reclassifications of losses into earnings 
   
  $ 
 217  
   
    
  $ 
 604  
   
    
 $ 
 89 
   
   
   
 Aircraft fuel 
   
 
   Pension and Postretirement liabilities 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amortization of unrecognized (gains) losses and prior service cost and the effect of curtailments and settlements
(d) 
   
   
 26  
   
    
   
 31  
   
    
   
 (65) 
   
   
   
 Salaries and related costs 
   
 
   Investments and other 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Available-for-sale 
securities—reclassifications of gains into earnings 
   
   
 (1) 
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 (6) 
   
   
   
 Miscellaneous, net 
   
         
 (a) Income tax expense for these items was offset by the Company’s valuation allowance.    (b) Prior service credits increased by $30 million, $0 million and $3 million and actuarial gains (losses) increased (decreased) by approximately $560 million, $78 million and
$(1.1) billion for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.    (c) Deferred tax balance was offset by the Company’s valuation allowance.
   (d) This AOCI component is included in the computation of net periodic pension and other postretirement costs (see Note 8 of this report for
additional information).    Prior to the release of the deferred income tax valuation allowance in the third quarter of 2015, the Company
recorded approximately $465 million of valuation allowance adjustments in AOCI. Subsequent to the release of  
      73  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the deferred income tax valuation allowance in 2015, the $465 million debit remained within AOCI, of which $180 million related to losses on fuel hedges designated for hedge accounting
and $285 million related to pension and other postretirement liabilities. Accounting rules required the adjustments to remain in AOCI as long as the Company had fuel derivatives designated for cash flow hedge accounting and the Company
continues to provide pension and postretirement benefits. In 2016, we settled all of our fuel hedges and have not entered into any new fuel derivative contracts for hedge accounting. Accordingly, the Company reclassified the $180 million to
income tax expense in 2016.    NOTE 7 - INCOME TAXES    The significant components of the income tax expense (benefit) are as follows (in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   2016 
    
 UAL 
   
    
 United 
   


 
   Current 
    
  $ 
 (92) 
   
    
  $ 
 (92) 
   
 
   Deferred 
    
   
 1,648  
   
    
   
 1,650  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
  $ 
 1,556  
   
    
  $ 
 1,558  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   2015 
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   Current 
    
  $ 
 56  
   
    
  $ 
 56  
   
 
   Deferred 
    
   
 (3,177) 
   
    
   
 (3,136) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
  $ 
 (3,121) 
   
    
  $ 
 (3,080) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   2014 
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   Current 
    
  $ 
 (17) 
   
    
  $ 
 (17) 
   
 
   Deferred 
    
   
 13  
   
    
   
 13  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
  $ 
 (4) 
   
    
  $ 
 (4) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      74  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The income tax provision differed from amounts computed at the statutory federal income tax rate, as follows
(in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   UAL 
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   


 
   Income tax provision at statutory rate 
   
  $ 
 1,337  
   
   
  $ 
 1,477  
   
   
  $ 
 395  
   
 
   State income taxes, net of federal income tax 
   
   
 38  
   
   
   
 38  
   
   
   
 10  
   
 
   Foreign income taxes 
   
   
 3  
   
   
   
 4  
   
   
   
 2  
   
 
   Nondeductible employee meals 
   
   
 16  
   
   
   
 15  
   
   
   
 15  
   
 
   Income tax adjustment 
   
   
 180  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
 
   State rate change 
   
   
 (12) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
 
   Valuation allowance 
   
   
 20  
   
   
   
 (4,662) 
   
   
   
 (435) 
   
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 (26) 
   
   
   
 7  
   
   
   
 9  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
  $ 
 1,556  
   
   
  $ 
 (3,121) 
   
   
  $ 
 (4) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   United 
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   Income tax provision at statutory rate 
   
  $ 
 1,338  
   
   
  $ 
 1,477  
   
   
  $ 
 388  
   
 
   State income taxes, net of federal income tax 
   
   
 38  
   
   
   
 38  
   
   
   
 10  
   
 
   Foreign income taxes 
   
   
 3  
   
   
   
 4  
   
   
   
 2  
   
 
   Nondeductible employee meals 
   
   
 16  
   
   
   
 15  
   
   
   
 15  
   
 
   Derivative market adjustment 
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 (7) 
   
 
   Income tax adjustment 
   
   
 180  
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
 
   State rate change 
   
   
 (12) 
   
   
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
 
   Valuation allowance 
   
   
 20  
   
   
   
 (4,621) 
   
   
   
 (421) 
   
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 (25) 
   
   
   
 7  
   
   
   
 9  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
  $ 
 1,558  
   
   
  $ 
 (3,080) 
   
   
  $ 
 (4) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The Company’s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2016 differed from the federal statutory rate
of 35% primarily because of the  non-cash  income tax expense of $180 million that was related to losses on fuel derivatives designated for hedge accounting. Subsequent to the release of the valuation
allowance in 2015, this deferred income tax expense of $180 million remained in AOCI until all fuel derivatives were settled in December 2016. The change in the effective tax rate each period is impacted by a number of factors, including the
relative mix of domestic and state income tax expense in the U.S., adjustments to the valuation allowances and discrete items.  
      75  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Temporary differences and carryforwards that give rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities at
December 31, 2016 and 2015 were as follows (in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 UAL 
   
   
 United 
   
 
   
   
 December 31, 
   
   
 December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Deferred income tax asset (liability): 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal and state net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards 
   
  $ 
 1,613  
   
   
  $ 
 2,897  
   
   
  $ 
 1,571  
   
   
  $ 
 2,855  
   
 
   Deferred revenue 
   
   
 2,096  
   
   
   
 2,160  
   
   
   
 2,096  
   
   
   
 2,160  
   
 
   Employee benefits, including pension, postretirement and medical 
   
   
 1,662  
   
   
   
 1,662  
   
   
   
 1,662  
   
   
   
 1,662  
   
 
   Alternative minimum tax (“AMT”) credit carryforwards 
   
   
 116  
   
   
   
 232  
   
   
   
 116  
   
   
   
 232  
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 523  
   
   
   
 566  
   
   
   
 522  
   
   
   
 566  
   
 
   Less: Valuation allowance 
   
   
 (68) 
   
   
   
 (48) 
   
   
   
 (68) 
   
   
   
 (48) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
  $ 
    5,942  
   
   
  $ 
 7,469  
   
   
  $ 
 5,899  
   
   
  $ 
 7,427  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Depreciation 
   
  $ 
 (3,961) 
   
   
  $ 
 (3,921) 
   
   
  $ 
 (3,961) 
   
   
  $ 
 (3,921) 
   
 
   Intangibles 
   
   
 (1,326) 
   
   
   
 (1,511) 
   
   
   
 (1,326) 
   
   
   
 (1,511) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
  $ 
 (5,287) 
   
   
  $ 
 (5,432) 
   
   
  $ 
 (5,287) 
   
   
  $ 
 (5,432) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax asset 
   
  $ 
 655  
   
   
  $ 
 2,037  
   
   
  $ 
 612  
   
   
  $ 
 1,995  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   United and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries file a consolidated federal income tax return with UAL. Under an
intercompany tax allocation policy, United and its subsidiaries compute, record and pay UAL for their own tax liability as if they were separate companies filing separate returns. In determining their own tax liabilities, United and each of its
subsidiaries take into account all tax credits or benefits generated and utilized as separate companies and they are each compensated for the aforementioned tax benefits only if they would be able to use those benefits on a separate company basis.
   The Company’s federal and state NOL carryforwards relate to prior years’ NOLs, which may be used to reduce tax liabilities in future
years. These tax benefits are mostly attributable to federal  pre-tax  NOL carryforwards of $4.4 billion for UAL. If not utilized these federal  pre-tax  NOLs will
expire as follows (in billions): $0.5 in 2026, $1.4 in 2027 and $2.5 after 2028. In addition, the majority of tax benefits of the state net operating losses of $56 million, net of a valuation allowance of $36 million, for UAL will expire
over a five to  20-year  period. Additionally, the Company has $108 million of AMT credit carryforwards, net of a valuation allowance of $8 million, which do not expire.  
 The Company periodically assesses whether it is more likely than not that it will generate sufficient taxable income to realize its deferred income tax
assets. The Company establishes valuation allowances if it is not likely it will realize its deferred income tax assets. In making this determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence and makes certain assumptions.
The Company considers, among other things, projected future taxable income, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, the overall business environment, the Company’s historical financial results and tax planning strategies. In evaluating
the likelihood of utilizing the Company’s net deferred income tax assets, the significant factors that the Company considers include (1) the Company’s recent history and forecasted profitability; (2) growth in the U.S. and global
economies; and (3) future impact of taxable temporary differences. In 2015, the Company concluded that its deferred income tax assets were more likely than not to be realized and released almost all of its valuation allowance in 2015, resulting
in a $3.1 billion benefit in its provision for income taxes. The valuation allowance recorded in AOCI in prior years was released through the income statement.  
      76  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Company has a valuation allowance of $68 million for certain state and local NOLs and credit
carryforwards. The Company expects these NOLs and credits will expire unused due to limited carryforward periods. The ability to utilize these state NOLs and credits will be evaluated on a quarterly basis to determine if there are any
significant events or any prudent and feasible tax planning strategies that would affect the Company’s ability to realize these deferred tax assets.    The Company’s unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions were $74 million, $24 million and $9 million at 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Included in the ending
balance at 2016 is $20 million that would affect the Company’s effective tax rate if recognized. The changes in unrecognized tax benefits relating to settlements with taxing authorities, unrecognized tax benefits as a result of tax
positions taken during a prior period and unrecognized tax benefits relating from a lapse of the statute of limitations were immaterial during 2016, 2015 and 2014. The Company does not expect significant increases or decreases in their unrecognized
tax benefits within the next 12 months.    There are no material amounts included in the balance at December 31, 2016 for tax positions for
which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility.    The
Company’s federal income tax returns for tax years after 2002 remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and state taxing jurisdictions. Currently, there are no ongoing examinations of the Company’s
prior year tax returns being conducted by the IRS.    NOTE 8 - PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT PLANS  
 The following summarizes the significant pension and other postretirement plans of United:    Pension Plans    United maintains two primary defined benefit pension plans, one covering
certain pilot employees and another covering certain U.S.  non-pilot  employees. Each of these plans provide benefits based on a combination of years of benefit accruals service and an employee’s final
average compensation. Additional benefit accruals are frozen under the plan covering certain pilot employees and management and administrative employees. Benefit accruals for certain  non-pilot  employees
continue. United maintains additional defined benefit pension plans, which cover certain international employees.    Other Postretirement
Plans    United maintains postretirement medical programs which provide medical benefits to certain retirees and eligible dependents, as well
as life insurance benefits to certain retirees participating in the plan. Benefits provided are subject to applicable contributions,  co-payments,  deductibles and other limits as described in the specific plan
documentation.    Actuarial assumption changes are reflected as a component of the net actuarial gains/(losses) during 2016 and 2015. These
amounts will be amortized over the average remaining service life of the covered active employees or the average life expectancy of inactive participants and will impact 2016 and 2015 pension and retiree medical expense as described below.
 
      77  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table sets forth the reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the benefit
obligation and plan assets, the funded status and the amounts recognized in these financial statements for the defined benefit and other postretirement plans (in millions):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension Benefits 
   
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   


 
   Accumulated benefit obligation: 
    
  $ 
 4,158  
   
    
  $ 
 3,795  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Change in projected benefit obligation: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year 
    
  $ 
 4,473  
   
    
  $ 
 4,803  
   
 
   Service cost 
    
   
 112  
   
    
   
 124  
   
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 200  
   
    
   
 200  
   
 
   Actuarial (gain) loss 
    
   
 738  
   
    
   
 (298) 
   
 
   Gross benefits paid and settlements 
    
   
 (243) 
   
    
   
 (343) 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 (27) 
   
    
   
 (13) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Projected benefit obligation at end of year 
    
  $ 
 5,253  
   
    
  $ 
 4,473  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Change in plan assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
    
  $ 
 2,975  
   
    
  $ 
 2,562  
   
 
   Actual gain (loss) on plan assets 
    
   
 230  
   
    
   
 (59) 
   
 
   Employer contributions 
    
   
 421  
   
    
   
 824  
   
 
   Gross benefits paid and settlements 
    
   
 (243) 
   
    
   
 (343) 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 (28) 
   
    
   
 (9) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
    
  $ 
 3,355  
   
    
  $ 
 2,975  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Funded status—Net amount recognized 
    
  $ 
 (1,898) 
   
    
  $ 
 (1,498) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension Benefits 
   
 
   
    
 December 31, 2016 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   


 
   Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Noncurrent asset 
    
  $ 
 2  
   
    
  $ 
 2  
   
 
   Current liability 
    
   
 (8) 
   
    
   
 (12) 
   
 
   Noncurrent liability 
    
   
 (1,892) 
   
    
   
 (1,488) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liability 
    
  $ 
 (1,898) 
   
    
  $ 
 (1,498) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss consist of: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net actuarial loss 
    
  $ 
 (1,482) 
   
    
  $ 
 (844) 
   
 
   Prior service loss 
    
   
 (1) 
   
    
   
 (1) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
  $ 
 (1,483) 
   
    
  $ 
 (845) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      78  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 2016 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   


 
   Change in benefit obligation: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Benefit obligation at beginning of year 
    
  $ 
 2,002  
   
    
  $ 
 2,052  
   
 
   Service cost 
    
   
 19  
   
    
   
 21  
   
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 86  
   
    
   
 82  
   
 
   Plan participants’ contributions 
    
   
 69  
   
    
   
 68  
   
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (191) 
   
    
   
 (205) 
   
 
   Actuarial gain 
    
   
 (165) 
   
    
   
 (22) 
   
 
   Plan amendments 
    
   
 (138) 
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 5  
   
    
   
 6  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Benefit obligation at end of year 
    
  $ 
 1,687  
   
    
  $ 
 2,002  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Change in plan assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
    
  $ 
 56  
   
    
  $ 
 57  
   
 
   Actual return on plan assets 
    
   
 2  
   
    
   
 1  
   
 
   Employer contributions 
    
   
 119  
   
    
   
 135  
   
 
   Plan participants’ contributions 
    
   
 69  
   
    
   
 68  
   
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (191) 
   
    
   
 (205) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
    
   
 55  
   
    
   
 56  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Funded status—Net amount recognized 
    
  $ 
 (1,632) 
   
    
  $ 
 (1,946) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
 
   
   
 December 31, 2016 
   
   
 December 31, 2015 
   


 
   Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current liability 
   
  $ 
 (51) 
   
   
  $ 
 (64) 
   
 
   Noncurrent liability 
   
   
 (1,581) 
   
   
   
 (1,882) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liability 
   
  $ 
 (1,632) 
   
   
  $ 
 (1,946) 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income consist of: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net actuarial gain 
   
  $ 
 384  
   
   
  $ 
 236  
   
 
   Prior service credit 
   
   
 245  
   
   
   
 246  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  $ 
 629  
   
   
  $ 
 482  
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The following information relates to all pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation and a projected benefit
obligation in excess of plan assets at December 31 (in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
     2016     
   
   
     2015     
   


 
   Projected benefit obligation 
   
  $ 
 5,025  
   
   
  $ 
 4,292  
   
 
   Accumulated benefit obligation 
   
   
 3,985  
   
   
   
 3,655  
   
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
   
   
 3,164  
   
   
   
 2,794  
   
 
      79  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Net periodic benefit cost for the years ended December 31 included the following components (in
millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Pension Benefits 
   
    
 Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
    
 Pension Benefits 
   
    
 Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
    
 Pension Benefits 
   
    
 Other Postretirement Benefits 
   


 
 Service cost 
    
  $ 
 112  
   
    
  $ 
 19  
   
    
  $ 
 124  
   
    
  $ 
 21  
   
    
  $ 
 98  
   
    
  $ 
 19  
   
 
 Interest cost 
    
   
 200  
   
    
   
 86  
   
    
   
 200  
   
    
   
 82  
   
    
   
 201  
   
    
   
 88  
   
 
 Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 (216) 
   
    
   
 (2) 
   
    
   
 (194) 
   
    
   
 (2) 
   
    
   
 (180) 
   
    
   
 (2) 
   
 
 Curtailment gain 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 (107) 
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
 Amortization of unrecognized actuarial (gain) loss 
    
   
 76  
   
    
   
 (19) 
   
    
   
 85  
   
    
   
 (22) 
   
    
   
 12  
   
    
   
 (47) 
   
 
 Amortization of prior service credits 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 (31) 
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 (32) 
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 (31) 
   
 
 Other 
    
   
 5  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 4  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 1  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 Net periodic benefit cost 
    
  $ 
 177  
   
    
  $ 
 (54) 
   
    
  $ 
 219  
   
    
  $ 
 47  
   
    
  $ 
 132  
   
    
  $ 
 27  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   As part of the ratified contract with the Association of Flight Attendants (“AFA”) in 2016, the Company amended
two of its flight attendant postretirement medical plans. The amendments triggered curtailment accounting, resulting in the recognition of a  one-time  $47 million gain for accelerated recognition of a
prior service credit in one of the plans. Also, as part of the ratified contract with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters (the “IBT”) in 2016, the Company amended some of its technicians and related employees’ postretirement
medical plans. The amendments triggered curtailment accounting, resulting in the recognition of a  one-time  $60 million gain for accelerated recognition of a prior service credit in one of the plans.
   The estimated amounts that will be amortized in 2017 out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into net periodic benefit cost are
as follows (in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension Benefits 
   
    
 Other Postretirement Benefits 
   


 
   Actuarial (gain) loss 
    
 $ 
 127 
   
    
 $ 
 (36) 
   
 
   Prior service credit 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 (37) 
   
   The assumptions used for the benefit plans were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     
   
   
     Pension Benefits     
   
 
   Assumptions used to determine benefit
obligations 
   
   
     2016     
   
   
   
     2015     
   
 
   Discount rate 
   
   
 4.18% 
   
   
   
 4.58% 
   
 
   Rate of compensation increase 
   
   
 3.54% 
   
   
   
 3.66% 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Assumptions used to determine net
expense 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
   
   
 4.58% 
   
   
   
 4.20% 
   
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
   
   
 7.04% 
   
   
   
 7.40% 
   
 
   Rate of compensation increase 
   
   
 3.53% 
   
   
   
 3.51% 
   
 
      80  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
 
   Assumptions used to determine benefit obligations 
    
     2016     
   
    
     2015     
   


 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.07% 
   
    
   
 4.49% 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assumptions used to determine net
expense 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.49% 
   
    
   
 4.07% 
   
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 3.00% 
   
    
   
 3.00% 
   
 
   Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 
    
   
 6.50% 
   
    
   
 6.75% 
   
 
   Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (ultimate trend rate in 2023) 
    
   
 5.00% 
   
    
   
 5.00% 
   
   The Company used the Society of Actuaries’ 2014 mortality tables, modified to reflect the Social Security
Administration Trustee’s Report on current projections regarding expected longevity improvements.    The Company selected the 2016 discount
rate for substantially all of its plans by using a hypothetical portfolio of high quality bonds at December 31, 2016, that would provide the necessary cash flows to match projected benefit payments.  
 We develop our expected long-term rate of return assumption for our defined benefit plans based on historical experience and by evaluating input from the
trustee managing the plans’ assets.  Our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for these plans is based on a target allocation of assets, which is based on our goal of earning the highest rate of return while maintaining
risk at acceptable levels. The plans strive to have assets sufficiently diversified so that adverse or unexpected results from one security class will not have an unduly detrimental impact on the entire portfolio. Plan fiduciaries
regularly review our actual asset allocation and the pension plans’ investments are periodically rebalanced to our targeted allocation when considered appropriate. United’s plan assets are allocated within the following guidelines:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   Percent of Total 
   
    
   Expected Long-Term 
 Rate of Return 
   


 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
        30-40    % 
   
    
   
        9.5    % 
   
 
   Fixed-income securities 
    
   
        34-44        
   
    
   
        5.0        
   
 
   Alternatives 
    
   
        14-27        
   
    
   
        7.3        
   
 
   Other 
    
   
          0-10        
   
    
   
        7.0        
   
   One-hundred  percent of other postretirement plan assets are invested in a deposit
administration fund.    Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the other postretirement
plans. A 1% change in the assumed health care trend rate for the Company would have the following additional effects (in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 1% Increase 
   
    
 1% Decrease 
   


 
   Effect on total service and interest cost for the year ended December 31, 2016 
    
  $ 
 13  
   
    
  $ 
 (11) 
   
 
   Effect on postretirement benefit obligation at December 31, 2016 
    
   
 169  
   
    
   
 (149) 
   
   A one percentage point decrease in the weighted average discount rate would increase the postretirement benefit liability
by approximately $181 million and increase the estimated 2016 benefits expense by approximately $11 million.  
      81  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Fair Value Information.  Accounting standards require us to use valuation techniques to measure
fair value that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are prioritized as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 


 
   Level 1 
    
 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for assets or liabilities identical to those to be reported at fair value 
 
   Level 2 
    
 Other inputs that are observable directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities or market-corroborated inputs 
 
   Level 3 
    
 Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data and which require us to develop our own assumptions about how market participants would price the assets or
liabilities 
   Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are based on the valuation techniques identified in the tables below. The
valuation techniques are as follows:    (a)  Market approach.  Prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions
involving identical or comparable assets and liabilities; and    (b)  Income approach.  Techniques to convert future amounts to a single
current value based on market expectations (including present value techniques, option-pricing and excess earnings models).    The following
tables present information about United’s pension and other postretirement plan assets at December 31 (in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
   
   
 2015 
   
 
 Pension Plan Assets: 
   
 Total 
   
   
 Level 1 
   
   
 Level 2 
   
   
 Level 3 
   
   
 Assets Measured at NAV(a) 
   
   
   
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Level 1 
   
   
 Level 2 
   
   
 Level 3 
   
   
 Assets Measured at NAV(a) 
   


 
   Equity securities funds 
   
 $ 
 1,173 
   
   
 $ 
 230 
   
   
 $ 
 111 
   
   
 $ 
 — 
   
   
 $ 
 832 
   
   
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 1,135 
   
   
 $ 
 254 
   
   
 $ 
 135 
   
   
 $ 
 — 
   
   
 $ 
 746 
   
 
   Fixed-income securities 
   
   
 1,298 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 824 
   
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 463 
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
 1,109 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 877 
   
   
   
 9 
   
   
   
 223 
   
 
   Alternatives 
   
   
 586 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 134 
   
   
   
 452 
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
 527 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 125 
   
   
   
 401 
   
 
   Other investments 
   
   
 298 
   
   
   
 47 
   
   
   
 68 
   
   
   
 87 
   
   
   
 96 
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
 204 
   
   
   
 37 
   
   
   
 56 
   
   
   
 18 
   
   
   
 93 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 3,355 
   
   
 $ 
 277 
   
   
 $ 
 1,003 
   
   
 $ 
 232 
   
   
 $ 
 1,843 
   
   
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 2,975 
   
   
 $ 
 291 
   
   
 $ 
 1,069 
   
   
 $ 
 152 
   
   
 $ 
 1,463 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other Postretirement   Benefit
Plan Assets: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 Deposit administration fund 
   
 $ 
 55 
   
   
 $ 
 — 
   
   
 $ 
 — 
   
   
 $ 
 55 
   
   
 $ 
 — 
   
   
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 56 
   
   
 $ 
 — 
   
   
 $ 
 — 
   
   
 $ 
 56 
   
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       (a) In
accordance with the relevant accounting standards, certain investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. These investments are commingled funds that
invest in fixed-income instruments including bonds, debt securities, and other similar instruments issued by various U.S. and  non-U.S.  public- or private-sector entities. Redemption periods for these
investments range from daily to annually.    Equity and Fixed-Income.  Equities include investments in both developed market and emerging
market equity securities. Fixed-income includes primarily U.S. and  non-U.S.  government fixed-income securities and U.S. and  non-U.S  corporate fixed-income securities.
   Deposit Administration Fund.  This investment is a stable value investment product structured to provide investment income.  
 Alternatives.  Alternative investments consist primarily of investments in hedge funds, real estate and private equity interests.  
 Other investments.  Other investments consist of cash, insurance contracts and other funds.  
      82  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The reconciliation of United’s defined benefit plan assets measured at fair value using unobservable
inputs (Level 3) for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 is as follows (in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Balance at beginning of year 
    
  $ 
   208  
   
    
  $ 
   188    
   
 
   Actual return on plan assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Sold during the year 
    
   
 4  
   
    
   
 8    
   
 
   Held at year end 
    
   
 3  
   
    
   
 (1)   
   
 
   Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements (net) 
    
   
 72  
   
    
   
 13    
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of year 
    
  $ 
   287  
   
    
  $ 
   208    
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Funding requirements for  tax-qualified  defined benefit pension plans are
determined by government regulations. United’s contributions reflected above have satisfied its required contributions through the 2016 calendar year. In 2017, employer anticipated contributions to all of United’s pension and
postretirement plans are at least $400 million and approximately $108 million, respectively.    The estimated future benefit payments,
net of expected participant contributions, in United’s pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans as of December 31, 2016 are as follows (in millions):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
       Pension       
   
    
 Other   
Postretirement   
   
    
  Other Postretirement—  subsidy receipts 
   


 
   2017 
    
  $ 
 303   
   
    
  $ 
 112   
   
    
  $ 
 6   
   
 
   2018 
    
   
 300   
   
    
   
 117   
   
    
   
 6   
   
 
   2019 
    
   
 310   
   
    
   
 122   
   
    
   
 7   
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 319   
   
    
   
 126   
   
    
   
 7   
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 337   
   
    
   
 130   
   
    
   
 8   
   
 
   Years 2022 – 2026 
    
   
 1,782   
   
    
   
 682   
   
    
   
 44   
   
   Defined Contribution Plans    Depending upon the employee group, employer contributions consist of matching contributions and/or  non-elective  employer contributions. United’s employer
contribution percentages vary from 1% to 16% of eligible earnings depending on the terms of each plan. United recorded contributions to its defined contribution plans of $592 million, $522 million and $503 million in the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
      83  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Multi-Employer Plans    United’s participation in the IAM National Pension Plan (“IAM Plan”) for the annual period ended December 31, 2016 is outlined in the table below. There have been no significant
changes that affect the comparability 2016 and 2015 contributions. The risks of participating in these multi-employer plans are different from single-employer plans, as United may be subject to additional risks that others do not meet their
obligations, which in certain circumstances could revert to United. The IAM Plan reported $395 million in employers’ contributions for the year ended December 31, 2015. For 2015, the Company’s contributions to the IAM Plan
represented more than 5% of total contributions to the IAM Plan.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
   Pension Fund 
    
 IAM National Pension Fund 
 
   EIN/ Pension Plan Number 
    
 51-6031295  - 002 
 
   Pension Protection Act Zone Status (2016 and 2015) 
    
 Green Zone. Plans in the green zone are at least 80 percent funded. 
 
   FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented 
    
 No 
 
   United’s Contributions 
    
 $41 million, $40 million and $39 million in the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively 
 
   Surcharge Imposed 
    
 No 
 
   Expiration Date of Collective Bargaining Agreement 
    
 N/A 
   At the date the financial statements were issued, Forms 5500 were not available for the plan year ending in 2016.
   Profit Sharing    Substantially
all employees participate in profit sharing based on a percentage of  pre-tax  earnings, excluding special items, profit sharing expense and share-based compensation. Profit sharing percentages range from 5% to
20% depending on the work group, and in some cases profit sharing percentages vary above and below certain  pre-tax  margin thresholds. Eligible U.S.  co-workers  in
each participating work group receive a profit sharing payout using a formula based on the ratio of each qualified  co-worker’s  annual eligible earnings to the eligible earnings of all qualified  co-workers  in all domestic work groups. Eligible  non-U.S.   co-workers  receive profit sharing based on the calculation under the U.S.
profit sharing plan for management and administrative employees. The Company recorded profit sharing and related payroll tax expense of $628 million, $698 million and $235 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Profit sharing
expense is recorded as a component of Salaries and related costs in the Company’s statements of consolidated operations.  
      84  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  NOTE 9 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS    Fair Value Information.  Accounting standards require us to use valuation techniques to measure fair value that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable
inputs. These inputs are described in Note 8 of this report. The table below presents disclosures about the fair value of financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the Company’s financial statements as
of December 31 (in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
 
   
    
 UAL 
   


 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
  $ 
     2,179  
   
    
  $ 
     2,179  
   
    
  $ 
 —  
   
    
 $ 
 —  
   
    
 $ 
     3,006  
   
    
 $ 
     3,006  
   
    
 $ 
 —  
   
    
 $ 
 —  
   
 
   Short-term investments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate debt 
    
   
 835  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 835  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 891  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 891  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 792  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 792  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 710  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 710  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
   Certificates of deposit placed through an account registry service (“CDARS”) 
    
   
 246  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 246  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 281  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 281  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
   U.S. government and agency notes 
    
   
 140  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 140  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 72  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 72  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
   Auction rate securities 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 9  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 9  
   
 
   Other fixed-income securities 
    
   
 54  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 54  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 26  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 26  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
   Other investments measured at NAV (a) 
    
   
 182  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 201  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
   Restricted cash 
    
   
 124  
   
    
   
 124  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 206  
   
    
   
 206  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
   Enhanced equipment trust certificates (“EETC”) 
    
   
 23  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 23  
   
    
   
 26  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 26  
   
 
   Fuel derivatives liability, net 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 124  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 124  
   
    
   
 —  
   
       (a) In
accordance with the relevant accounting standards, certain investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts
presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the statement of financial position. The investments measured using NAV are shares of mutual funds that invest in fixed-income
instruments including bonds, debt securities, and other similar instruments issued by various U.S. and  non-U.S.  public- or private-sector entities. The Company can redeem its shares at any time at NAV subject
to a  three-day  settlement period.  
 Available-for-sale  investment maturities —The short-term
investments shown in the table above are classified as  available-for-sale.  As of December 31, 2016, asset-backed securities have remaining maturities of less than
one year to approximately 30 years, corporate debt securities have remaining maturities of less than one year to approximately five years and CDARS have maturities of less than one year. U.S. government and other securities have maturities of less
than one year to approximately three years. The EETC securities mature in 2019.    Derivative instruments and investments presented in the table
above have the same fair value as their carrying value. The table below presents the carrying values and estimated fair values of financial instruments not presented in the tables above as of December 31 (in millions):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Fair Value of Debt by Fair Value Hierarchy Level 
   
 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
 
   
   
 Carrying Amount 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Carrying Amount 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Level 1 
   
   
 Level 2 
   
   
 Level 3 
   
   
   
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Level 1 
   
   
 Level 2 
   
   
 Level 3 
   


 
   Long-term debt 
   
  $ 
   10,767 
   
   
  $ 
   11,055 
   
   
  $ 
 —  
   
   
  $ 
   8,184 
   
   
  $ 
   2,871 
   
   
  $ 
   10,897 
   
   
  $ 
   11,371 
   
   
  $ 
 —  
   
   
  $ 
   8,646 
   
   
  $ 
   2,725 
   
 
      85  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Fair value of the financial instruments included in the tables above was determined as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Description 
    
   Fair Value Methodology 


 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short-term maturity of these assets. 
 
 
 
 
 Short-term investments  and Restricted cash 
    
 Fair value is based on (a) the trading prices of the investment or similar instruments, (b) an income approach, which uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts
into a single present amount based on current market expectations about those future amounts when observable trading prices are not available, (c) internally-developed models of the expected future cash flows related to the securities, or
(d) broker quotes obtained by third-party valuation services. 
 
 
 
 
   Fuel derivatives 
    
 Derivative contracts are privately negotiated contracts and are not exchange traded. Fair value measurements are estimated with option pricing models that employ observable inputs.
Inputs to the valuation models include contractual terms, market prices, yield curves, fuel price curves and measures of volatility, among others. 
 
 
 
 
 Debt 
    
 Fair values were based on either market prices or the discounted amount of future cash flows using our current incremental rate of borrowing for similar
liabilities. 
   NOTE 10—HEDGING ACTIVITIES    Fuel Derivatives    As of December 31, 2016, the Company did not have any fuel
hedging contracts outstanding to hedge its fuel consumption. The last of the Company’s fuel hedge derivatives designated for cash flow hedge accounting expired in December 2016. The Company’s current strategy is to not enter into
transactions to hedge its fuel consumption, although the Company regularly reviews its strategy based on market conditions and other factors.  
 The Company records each derivative instrument as a derivative asset or liability (on a gross basis) in its consolidated balance sheets ,  and,
accordingly, records any related collateral on a gross basis. The table below presents the fair value amounts of fuel derivative assets and liabilities and the location of amounts recognized in the Company’s financial statements.  
 At December 31, the Company’s derivatives were reported in its consolidated balance sheets as follows (in millions):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Classification 
    
   Balance Sheet Location 
    
     2016     
   
    
     2015     
   


 
   Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fuel contracts due within one year 
    
 Fuel derivative instruments 
    
  $ 
         —  
   
    
  $ 
 119  
   
 
   Derivatives not designated for hedge accounting 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fuel contracts due within one year 
    
 Fuel derivative instruments 
    
  $ 
 —  
   
    
  $ 
 5  
   
 
   Total derivatives 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 
    
  $ 
 —  
   
    
  $ 
 124  
   
 
 
    
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      86  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following tables present the fuel hedge gains (losses) recognized during the periods presented and their
classification in the financial statements (in millions):    Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Amount of 
Loss Recognized in AOCI on Derivatives (Effective Portion) 
   
    
 Loss Reclassified from AOCI into Income (Fuel Expense) (Effective Portion) 
   
    
 Amount of Loss Recognized in Nonoperating income (expense): 
Miscellaneous, net (Ineffective Portion) 
   
 
   
    
         2016        
 
   
    
         2015        
 
   
    
         2016        
 
   
    
         2015        
 
   
    
         2016        
 
   
    
         2015        
 
   


 
   Fuel contracts 
    
  $ 
 (4) 
   
    
  $ 
 (320) 
   
    
  $ 
 (217) 
   
    
  $ 
 (604) 
   
    
  $ 
 —  
   
    
  $ 
 —  
   
   Derivatives not designated for hedge accounting  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Amount of Loss Recognized in Nonoperating income (expense): Miscellaneous,
net 
   
    
   
 
   
    
         2016        
 
   
    
         2015        
 
   
   
         2014        
 
   
    
   


 
   Fuel contracts 
    
  $ 
 —  
   
    
 $ 
 (80 
 )  
   
  $ 
 (462) 
   
    
 
   Foreign Currency Derivatives    As of December 31, 2016, the Company did not have any foreign currency contracts outstanding to hedge its foreign currency sales. The last of the Company’s foreign currency derivatives
designated for cash flow hedge accounting expired in December 2016. The Company’s current strategy is to not enter into transactions to hedge its foreign currency sales, although the Company regularly reviews its strategy based on market
conditions and other factors.    NOTE 11 - DEBT      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (In millions) 
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Secured 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 Notes payable, fixed interest rates of 1.42% to 9.75% (weighted average rate of 4.85% as of December 31, 2016), payable through 2028 
    
  $ 
 7,586  
   
    
  $ 
 7,971  
   
 
 Notes payable, floating interest rates of the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) plus 0.20% to 2.85%, payable through 2028 
    
   
 1,546  
   
    
   
 1,302  
   
 
 Term loan, LIBOR subject to a 0.75% floor, plus 2.50%, or alternative rate based on certain market rates plus 1.50%, due 2019 
    
   
 866  
   
    
   
 875  
   
 
 Term loan, LIBOR subject to a 0.75% floor, plus 2.75%, or alternative rate based on certain market rates plus 1.75%, due 2021 
    
   
 192  
   
    
   
 194  
   
 
 Unsecured 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 6% Senior Notes due 2020 (a) 
    
   
 300  
   
    
   
 300  
   
 
 6.375% Senior Notes due 2018 (a) 
    
   
 300  
   
    
   
 300  
   
 
 Other 
    
   
 101  
   
    
   
 100  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
  10,891  
   
    
   
  11,042  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Less: unamortized debt discount, premiums and debt issuance costs 
    
   
 (124) 
   
    
   
 (145) 
   
 
   Less: current portion of long-term debt 
    
   
 (849) 
   
    
   
 (1,224) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 Long-term debt, net 
    
  $ 
     9,918  
   
    
  $ 
     9,673  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       (a) UAL
is the issuer of this debt. United is a guarantor.  
      87  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The table below presents the Company’s contractual principal payments at December 31, 2016 under
then-outstanding long-term debt agreements in each of the next five calendar years (in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2017 
    
  $ 
 849  
   
 
   2018 
    
   
 1,427  
   
 
   2019 
    
   
 1,852  
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 1,007  
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 1,174  
   
 
   After 2021 
    
   
 4,582  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
  $ 
     10,891  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   As of December 31, 2016, a substantial portion of the Company’s assets, principally aircraft, route authorities,
airport slots and loyalty program intangible assets, was pledged under various loan and other agreements. As of December 31, 2016, UAL and United were in compliance with their respective debt covenants. Continued compliance depends on many
factors, some of which are beyond the Company’s control, including the overall industry revenue environment and the level of fuel costs.  
 Secured debt    2013 Credit
and Guaranty Agreement.  United and UAL are parties to a Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) as the borrower and guarantor, respectively. The Credit Agreement consists of a $900 million term loan due April
2019 (of which $866 million was outstanding as of December 31, 2016) (the “Term Loan due 2019”), a $500 million term loan due September 2021 (of which $192 million was outstanding as of December 31, 2016) (the
“Term Loan due 2021”) and a $1.35 billion revolving credit facility, with $1.35 billion being available for drawing until April 2018 and $1.315 billion being available for drawing until January 2019.  
 Borrowings under the revolving credit facility of the Credit Agreement bear interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus a margin of 3.0% per annum, or
another rate based on certain market interest rates, plus a margin of 2.0% per annum. The principal amount of the term loans must be repaid in consecutive quarterly installments of 0.25% of the original principal amount thereof, with any unpaid
balance due, in the case of the Term Loan due 2019, on April 1, 2019 and, in the case of the Term Loan due 2021, on September 15, 2021. United may prepay all or a portion of the term loans from time to time, at par plus accrued and unpaid
interest. United pays a commitment fee equal to 0.75%  per-annum  on the undrawn amount available under the revolving credit facility.    The Term Loan due 2021 ranks pari passu with the Term Loan due 2019 that United originally borrowed under the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement requires United to repay the term loans and any other
outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement at par plus accrued and unpaid interest if certain changes of control of UAL occur.    As of
December 31, 2016, United had its entire capacity of $1.35 billion available under the revolving credit facility of the Company’s Credit Agreement.    As of December 31, 2016, United had cash collateralized $72 million of letters of credit. United also had $383 million of surety bonds securing various obligations at December 31,
2016. Most of the letters of credit have evergreen clauses and are expected to be renewed on an annual basis and the surety bonds have expiration dates through 2021.    EETCs.  United has $7.5 billion principal amount of equipment notes outstanding issued under EETC financings included in notes payable in the table of outstanding debt above. Generally,
the structure of these EETC financings consists of pass-through trusts created by United to issue pass-through certificates, which represent fractional undivided interests in the respective pass-through trusts and are not obligations of United. The
proceeds of the issuance of the pass-through certificates are used to purchase equipment notes which are issued  
      88  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
by United and secured by its aircraft. The payment obligations under the equipment notes are those of United. Proceeds received from the sale of pass-through certificates are initially held by a
depositary in escrow for the benefit of the certificate holders until United issues equipment notes to the trust, which purchases such notes with a portion of the escrowed funds. These escrowed funds are not guaranteed by United and are not reported
as debt on United’s consolidated balance sheet because the proceeds held by the depositary are not United’s assets.    In September
2016 and June 2016, United created separate EETC pass-through trusts, each of which issued pass-through certificates. The proceeds of the issuance of the pass-through certificates are used to purchase equipment notes issued by United and secured by
its aircraft. The Company records the debt obligation upon issuance of the equipment notes rather than upon the initial issuance of the pass-through certificates. United expects to receive all proceeds from the September 2016 and June 2016
pass-through trusts by the end of the second quarter of 2017. Certain details of the pass-through trusts with proceeds received from issuance of debt in 2016 are as follows (in millions, except stated interest rate):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   EETC Date 
   
 Class 
   
 Principal 
   
   
 Final expected distribution date 
   
 Stated interest rate 
   
   
 Total
debt recorded as of December 31, 2016 
   
   
 Proceeds received from issuance of debt during 2016 
   
   
 Remaining proceeds from issuance of debt to be received in
future periods 
   


 
   September 2016 
   
 AA 
   
  $ 
 637  
   
   
 October 2028 
   
   
 2.875% 
   
   
  $ 
 80  
   
   
  $ 
 80  
   
   
  $ 
 557  
   
 
   September 2016 
   
 A 
   
   
 283  
   
   
 October 2028 
   
   
 3.10% 
   
   
   
 36  
   
   
   
 36  
   
   
   
 247  
   
 
   June 2016 
   
 AA 
   
   
 729  
   
   
 July 2028 
   
   
 3.10% 
   
   
   
 410  
   
   
   
 410  
   
   
   
 319  
   
 
   June 2016 
   
 A 
   
   
 324  
   
   
 July 2028 
   
   
 3.45% 
   
   
   
 182  
   
   
   
 182  
   
   
   
 142  
   
 
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 
   
  $ 
 1,973  
   
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
  $ 
 708  
   
   
  $ 
 708  
   
   
  $ 
 1,265  
   
 
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   In 2016, United borrowed approximately $369 million aggregate principal amount from various financial institutions to
finance the purchase of several aircraft delivered in 2016. The notes evidencing these borrowings, which are secured by the related aircraft, have maturity dates ranging from 2026 to 2028 and have interest rates comprised of the LIBOR plus a
specified margin.    Unsecured debt    5% Senior Notes due 2024.  In January 2017, United issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 5% Senior Notes due February 1, 2024 (the “5% Senior Notes due 2024”).
These notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed and recorded by United on its balance sheet as debt. The indenture for the 5% Senior Notes due 2024 requires UAL to offer to repurchase the notes for cash if certain changes of control of UAL
occur at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest.  
      89  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The collateral, covenants and cross default provisions of the Company’s principal debt instruments that
contain such provisions are summarized in the table below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 Debt Instrument 
   
 Collateral, Covenants and Cross 
Default Provisions 


 
   Various equipment notes and other notes
payable 
   
 Secured by certain aircraft. The indentures contain events of default that are
customary for aircraft financing, including in certain cases cross default to other related aircraft. 
 
   Credit Agreement 
   
   Secured by certain of United’s
international route authorities, specified  take-off  and landing slots at certain airports and certain other assets.     
 The Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain at least $3.0 billion of unrestricted liquidity at all times, which includes unrestricted cash,
short-term investments and any undrawn amounts under any revolving credit facility, and to maintain a minimum ratio of appraised value of collateral to the outstanding obligations under the Credit Agreement of 1.67 to 1.0 at all times. The Credit
Agreement contains covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of UAL and its restricted subsidiaries (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to incur additional indebtedness and to pay dividends on or repurchase stock, although the
Company currently has ample ability under these restrictions to repurchase stock under the Company’s share repurchase program.     
 The Credit Agreement contains events of default customary for this type of financing, including a cross default and cross acceleration provision to
certain other material indebtedness of the Company. 
 
   6.375%
Senior Notes due 2018       6% Senior
Notes due 2020       5% Senior Notes due 2024 
   
 The indentures for these notes contain covenants that, among other things, restrict the
ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries (as defined in the indenture) to incur additional indebtedness and pay dividends on or repurchase stock, although the Company currently has ample ability under these restrictions to repurchase
stock under the Company’s share repurchase program. 
   NOTE 12 - ADVANCED PURCHASE OF MILES    United previously sold MileagePlus miles to Chase which United recorded as Advanced purchase of miles. The remaining balance of  pre-purchased  miles is eligible to
be allocated by Chase to MileagePlus members’ accounts in 2017. The Company has recorded these amounts as Advanced purchase of miles in the liabilities section of the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The  Co-Brand  Agreement contains termination penalties that may require United to make certain payments and repurchase outstanding  pre-purchased  miles in cases such as
United’s insolvency, bankruptcy or other material breaches.  
      90  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  NOTE 13 - LEASES AND CAPACITY PURCHASE AGREEMENTS  
 United leases aircraft, airport passenger terminal space, aircraft hangars and related maintenance facilities, cargo terminals, other airport facilities,
other commercial real estate, office and computer equipment and vehicles.    At December 31, 2016, United’s scheduled future minimum
lease payments under operating leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms of more than one year, aircraft leases, including aircraft rent under CPAs and capital leases (substantially all of which are for aircraft) were as follows
(in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Capital Leases 
   
    
 Facility and Other Operating Leases 
   
    
 Aircraft Operating Leases 
   


 
     2017 
    
  $ 
 183  
   
    
  $ 
 1,256  
   
    
  $ 
 1,271  
   
 
     2018 
    
   
 170  
   
    
   
 1,106  
   
    
   
 1,074  
   
 
     2019 
    
   
 105  
   
    
   
 991  
   
    
   
 894  
   
 
     2020 
    
   
 85  
   
    
   
 1,104  
   
    
   
 669  
   
 
     2021 
    
   
 84  
   
    
   
 888  
   
    
   
 551  
   
 
     After 2021 
    
   
 915  
   
    
   
 6,702  
   
    
   
 2,049  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
     Minimum lease payments 
    
  $ 
 1,542  
   
    
  $ 
 12,047  
   
    
  $ 
 6,508  
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Imputed interest 
    
   
 (604) 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Present value of minimum lease payments 
    
   
 938  
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current portion 
    
   
 (116) 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Long-term obligations under capital leases 
    
  $ 
 822  
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   As of December 31, 2016, United’s aircraft capital lease minimum payments relate to leases of 38 mainline and 29
regional aircraft as well as to leases of nonaircraft assets. Imputed interest rate ranges are 3.5% to 20.8%.    Aircraft operating leases have
initial terms of five to 26 years, with expiration dates ranging from 2017 through 2028. Under the terms of most leases, United has the right to purchase the aircraft at the end of the lease term, in some cases at fair market value, and in others,
at fair market value or a percentage of cost. United has facility operating leases that extend to 2041.    During 2015, the Company reached an
agreement with AerCap Holdings N.V., a major aircraft leasing company, to lease used Airbus S.A.S (“Airbus”) A319s. Five such aircraft are expected to be delivered in 2017. In addition, up to 14 more aircraft may be delivered over the next
four years subject to certain conditions.    United is the lessee of real property under long-term operating leases at a number of airports where
we are also the guarantor of approximately $1.4 billion of underlying debt and interest thereon as of December 31, 2016. These leases are typically with municipalities or other governmental entities, which are excluded from the
consolidation requirements concerning a variable interest entity (“VIE”). To the extent United’s leases and related guarantees are with a separate legal entity other than a governmental entity, United is not the primary
beneficiary because the lease terms are consistent with market terms at the inception of the lease and the lease does not include a residual value guarantee, fixed-price purchase option, or similar feature.  
 In 2016, United signed a seven year lease extension through 2024 with the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority to continue its use of terminals at
Washington Dulles International Airport.    United’s nonaircraft rent expense was approximately $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion and
$1.4 billion for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.    In addition to nonaircraft rent and aircraft rent,
which is separately presented in the consolidated statements of operations, United had aircraft rent related to regional aircraft operating leases, which is included as part of Regional capacity purchase expense in United’s consolidated
statement of operations, of $439 million, $461 million and $442 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
      91  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In connection with UAL Corporation’s and United Air Lines, Inc.’s fresh-start reporting
requirements upon their exit from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 2006 and the Company’s acquisition accounting adjustments related to the Company’s merger transaction in 2010, lease valuation adjustments for operating leases were
initially recorded in the consolidated balance sheet, representing the net present value of the differences between contractual lease rates and the fair market lease rates for similar leased assets at the time. An asset (liability) results when the
contractual lease rates are more (less) favorable than market lease terms at the valuation date. The lease valuation adjustment is amortized on a straight-line basis as an increase (decrease) to rent expense over the individual applicable remaining
lease terms, resulting in recognition of rent expense as if United had entered into the leases at market rates. The related remaining lease terms, primarily related to aircraft which make up the majority of the fair value lease adjustment balance,
are one to eight years for United. The lease valuation adjustments are classified within other noncurrent liabilities and the net accretion amounts are $82 million, $107 million and $160 million for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.    Regional CPAs    United has CPAs with certain regional carriers. We purchase all of the capacity from the flights covered by the CPA at a negotiated price. We pay the regional carrier a predetermined rate, subject to
annual inflation adjustments, primarily for block hours flown (the hours from gate departure to gate arrival) and other operating factors and reimburse the regional carrier for various pass-through expenses related to the flights. Under the CPAs, we
are responsible for the cost of providing fuel for all flights and for paying aircraft rent for all of the aircraft covered by the CPAs. Generally, the CPAs contain incentive bonus and rebate provisions based upon each regional carrier’s
operational performance. United’s CPAs are for 494 regional aircraft, and the CPAs have terms expiring through 2029. Aircraft operated under CPAs include aircraft leased directly from the regional carriers and those owned by United or leased
from third-party lessors and operated by the regional carriers. See Part I, Item 2, “Properties” of this report for additional information.    In 2016 and 2015, Republic Airline Inc. (“Republic”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Republic Airways Holdings (“Republic Airways”), purchased and took delivery of 16 new  76-seat  Embraer S.A. (“Embraer”) E175 aircraft, and placed these aircraft into service under the United Express brand. Subsequent to the Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing by Republic Airways and certain of its
subsidiaries in the first quarter of 2016, United entered into amendments to its CPA with Republic in 2016 for Republic to operate a total of 28 Embraer E175 aircraft, 16 of which were delivered as previously described and 12 of which remain to be
delivered in 2017. In connection with the amended CPA, United will own the 12 remaining Embraer E175 aircraft.    In 2016, United agreed to
purchase 12 new Embraer E175 aircraft that were previously expected to be purchased by one of its United Express operators, and in the first quarter of 2017, United entered into a CPA amendment with Mesa Air Group, Inc. (“Mesa Air Group”)
and Mesa Airlines, Inc. (“Mesa”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mesa Air Group, for Mesa to operate these 12 additional Embraer E175 aircraft under the United Express brand. As of December 31, 2016, all 12 of these aircraft are
expected to be delivered in 2017.    In 2015, United entered into amendments to the CPA with SkyWest Airlines, Inc. (“SkyWest”), a
wholly-owned subsidiary of SkyWest, Inc., to operate an additional 25 new  76-seat  Embraer E175 aircraft under the United Express brand. SkyWest purchased all of these
 76-seat  aircraft directly from the manufacturer with seven deliveries remaining in 2017.    In 2015,
United entered into a new CPA with Champlain Enterprises, LLC d/b/a CommutAir (“CommutAir”), pursuant to which CommutAir will operate 40 used Embraer ERJ145 aircraft under the United Express brand that are currently being operated by a
different United Express regional carrier, with transfers that are continuing through 2018. As of December 31, 2016, 28 aircraft are still pending transfer.    Our future commitments under our CPAs are dependent on numerous variables, and are therefore difficult to predict. The most important of these variables is the number of scheduled block
hours. Although we are not required to purchase a minimum number of block hours under certain of our CPAs, we have set forth below estimates of our future payments under the CPAs based on our assumptions. United’s estimates of its
future  
      92  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
payments under all of the CPAs do not include the portion of the underlying obligation for any aircraft leased to a regional carrier or deemed to be leased from other regional carriers and
facility rent that are disclosed as part of aircraft and nonaircraft operating leases. For purposes of calculating these estimates, we have assumed (1) the number of block hours flown is based on our anticipated level of flight activity or
at any contractual minimum utilization levels if applicable, whichever is higher, (2) that we will reduce the fleet as rapidly as contractually allowed under each CPA, (3) that aircraft utilization, stage length and load factors will
remain constant, (4) that each carrier’s operational performance will remain at historic levels and (5) an annual projected inflation rate. These amounts exclude variable pass-through costs such as fuel and landing fees, among others.
Based on these assumptions as of December 31, 2016, our future payments through the end of the terms of our CPAs are presented in the table below (in billions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2017 
    
  $ 
 1.9  
   
 
   2018 
    
   
 1.9  
   
 
   2019 
    
   
 1.3  
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 1.0  
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 1.0  
   
 
   After 2021 
    
   
 4.3  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
  $ 
             11.4  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The actual amounts we pay to our regional operators under CPAs could differ materially from these estimates. For
example, a 10% increase or decrease in scheduled block hours for all of United’s regional operators (whether as a result of changes in average daily utilization or otherwise) in 2017 would result in a corresponding change in annual cash
obligations under the CPAs of approximately $147 million.    NOTE 14 - VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES  
 Variable interests are contractual, ownership or other monetary interests in an entity that change with fluctuations in the fair value of the
entity’s net assets exclusive of variable interests. A VIE can arise from items such as lease agreements, loan arrangements, guarantees or service contracts. An entity is a VIE if (a) the entity lacks sufficient equity or (b) the
entity’s equity holders lack power or the obligation and right as equity holders to absorb the entity’s expected losses or to receive its expected residual returns. Therefore, if the equity owners as a group do not have the power to direct
the entity’s activities that most significantly impact its economic performance, the entity is a VIE.    If an entity is determined to be a
VIE, the entity must be consolidated by the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary is the holder of the variable interests that has the power to direct the activities of a VIE that (i) most significantly impact the VIE’s economic
performance and (ii) has the obligation to absorb losses of or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. Therefore, the Company must identify which activities most significantly impact the
VIE’s economic performance and determine whether it, or another party, has the power to direct those activities.    The Company’s
evaluation of its association with VIEs is described below:    Aircraft Leases . We are the lessee in a number of operating
leases covering the majority of our leased aircraft. The lessors are trusts established specifically to purchase, finance and lease aircraft to us. These leasing entities meet the criteria for VIEs. We are generally not the primary
beneficiary of the leasing entities if the lease terms are consistent with market terms at the inception of the lease and do not include a residual value guarantee, fixed-price purchase option or similar feature that obligates us to absorb decreases
in value or entitles us to participate in increases in the value of the aircraft. This is the case for many of our operating leases; however, leases of 37 mainline jet aircraft contain a fixed-price purchase option that allow United to purchase
the aircraft at predetermined prices on specified dates during the lease term. Additionally, leases covering 192 leased  
      93  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
regional jet aircraft contain an option to purchase the aircraft at the end of the lease term at prices that, depending on market conditions, could be below fair value. United has not
consolidated the related trusts because, even taking into consideration these purchase options, United is still not the primary beneficiary. United’s maximum exposure under these leases is the remaining lease payments, which are reflected
in future lease commitments in Note 13 of this report.    EETCs.  United evaluated whether the pass-through trusts formed for its
EETC financings, treated as either debt or aircraft operating leases, are VIEs required to be consolidated by United under applicable accounting guidance, and determined that the pass-through trusts are VIEs. Based on United’s analysis as
described below, United determined that it does not have a variable interest in the pass-through trusts.    The primary risk of the pass-through
trusts is credit risk (i.e. the risk that United, the issuer of the equipment notes, may be unable to make its principal and interest payments). The primary purpose of the pass-through trust structure is to enhance the credit worthiness of
United’s debt obligation through certain bankruptcy protection provisions, a liquidity facility (in certain of the EETC structures) and improved  loan-to-value 
ratios for more senior debt classes. These credit enhancements lower United’s total borrowing cost. Pass-through trusts are established to receive principal and interest payments on the equipment notes purchased by the pass-through trusts from
United and remit these proceeds to the pass-through trusts’ certificate holders.    United does not invest in or obtain a financial interest
in the pass-through trusts. Rather, United has an obligation to make interest and principal payments on its equipment notes held by the pass-through trusts. United did not intend to have any voting or
 non-voting  equity interest in the pass-through trusts or to absorb variability from the pass-through trusts. Based on this analysis, the Company determined that it is not required to consolidate the
pass-through trusts.    NOTE 15 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    Commitments.  As of December 31, 2016, United had firm commitments and options to purchase aircraft from The Boeing Company (“Boeing”), Embraer and Airbus presented in the
table below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Aircraft Type 
    
 Number of Firm   
      Commitments (a)         
   


 
   Airbus A350-1000 
    
   
 35  
   
 
   Boeing 737NG/737MAX 
    
   
 165  
   
 
   Boeing  777-300ER 
    
   
 12  
   
 
   Boeing
 787-8/-9/-10 
    
   
 21  
   
 
   Embraer E175 
    
   
 24  
   
 
 (a) United also has options and purchase rights for additional aircraft. 
   
   The aircraft listed in the table above are scheduled for delivery from 2017 through 2027. To the extent the Company and
the aircraft manufacturers with whom the Company has existing orders for new aircraft agree to modify the contracts governing those orders, the amount and timing of the Company’s future capital commitments could change.  
      94  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The table below summarizes United’s commitments as of December 31, 2016, which primarily relate to
the acquisition of aircraft and related spare engines, aircraft improvements and include other capital purchase commitments for the years ended December 31 (in billions). Any new firm aircraft orders, including through the exercise of purchase
options and purchase rights, will increase the total future capital commitments of the Company.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2017 
    
  $ 
                     4.5  
   
 
   2018 
    
   
 3.2  
   
 
   2019 
    
   
 3.1  
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 2.5  
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 2.2  
   
 
   After 2021 
    
   
 7.8  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
  $ 
 23.3  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   In the first quarter of 2017, the Company announced that it will retire its fleet of Boeing 747 aircraft from scheduled
service by the end of 2017. The Company does not expect there to be a material impact to depreciation and amortization expense.    As of
December 31, 2016, United had $1.3 billion in financing available through EETC transactions for the financing of all of its aircraft deliveries scheduled in the first half of 2017. See Note 11 of this report for additional information on
aircraft financing. The Company has also secured backstop financing commitments from certain of its aircraft manufacturers for a limited number of its future aircraft deliveries, subject to certain customary conditions. Financing may be necessary to
satisfy the Company’s capital commitments for its firm order aircraft and other related capital expenditures.    Legal and
Environmental.  The Company has certain contingencies resulting from litigation and claims incident to the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2016, management believes, after considering a number of factors, including (but
not limited to) the information currently available, the views of legal counsel, the nature of contingencies to which the Company is subject and prior experience, that the ultimate disposition of the litigation and claims will not materially affect
the Company’s consolidated financial position or results of operations. The Company records liabilities for legal and environmental claims when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. These amounts are recorded based on the Company’s
assessments of the likelihood of their eventual disposition.    Guarantees and Indemnifications.  In the normal course of business,
the Company enters into numerous real estate leasing and aircraft financing arrangements that have various guarantees included in the contracts. These guarantees are primarily in the form of indemnities under which the Company typically indemnifies
the lessors and any tax/financing parties against tort liabilities that arise out of the use, occupancy, operation or maintenance of the leased premises or financed aircraft. Currently, the Company believes that any future payments required under
these guarantees or indemnities would be immaterial, as most tort liabilities and related indemnities are covered by insurance (subject to deductibles). Additionally, certain leased premises such as fueling stations or storage facilities include
indemnities of such parties for any environmental liability that may arise out of or relate to the use of the leased premises.    As of
December 31, 2016, United is the guarantor of approximately $1.9 billion in aggregate principal amount of  tax-exempt  special facilities revenue bonds and interest thereon. These bonds, issued by
various airport municipalities, are payable solely from rentals paid under long-term agreements with the respective governing bodies. The leasing arrangements associated with $1.4 billion of these obligations are accounted for as operating
leases with the associated expense recorded on a straight-line basis resulting in ratable accrual of the lease obligation over the expected lease term. These  tax-exempt  special facilities revenue bonds are
included in our lease commitments disclosed in Note 13 of this report. The leasing arrangements associated with $400 million of these obligations are accounted for as capital leases. All of these bonds are due between 2017 and 2038.  

      95  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In United’s financing transactions that include loans, United typically agrees to reimburse lenders for
any reduced returns with respect to the loans due to any change in capital requirements and, in the case of loans in which the interest rate is based on LIBOR, for certain other increased costs that the lenders incur in carrying these loans as a
result of any change in law, subject, in most cases, to obligations of the lenders to take certain limited steps to mitigate the requirement for, or the amount of, such increased costs. At December 31, 2016, the Company had $2.6 billion of
floating rate debt and $90 million of fixed rate debt, with remaining terms of up to 12 years, that are subject to these increased cost provisions. In several financing transactions involving loans or leases from  non-U.S.  entities, with remaining terms of up to 12 years and an aggregate balance of $2.6  billion, the Company bears the risk of any change in tax laws that would subject loan or lease payments
thereunder to  non-U.S.  entities to withholding taxes, subject to customary exclusions.    As of
December 31, 2016, United is the guarantor of $168 million of aircraft mortgage debt issued by one of United’s regional carriers. The aircraft mortgage debt is subject to similar increased cost provisions as described above for the
Company’s debt and the Company would potentially be responsible for those costs under the guarantees.    Fuel Consortia.
 United participates in numerous fuel consortia with other air carriers at major airports to reduce the costs of fuel distribution and storage. Interline agreements govern the rights and responsibilities of the consortia members and provide
for the allocation of the overall costs to operate the consortia based on usage. The consortia (and in limited cases, the participating carriers) have entered into long-term agreements to lease certain airport fuel storage and distribution
facilities that are typically financed through  tax-exempt  bonds (either special facilities lease revenue bonds or general airport revenue bonds), issued by various local municipalities. In general, each
consortium lease agreement requires the consortium to make lease payments in amounts sufficient to pay the maturing principal and interest payments on the bonds. As of December 31, 2016, approximately $1.5 billion principal amount of such
bonds were secured by significant fuel facility leases in which United participates, as to which United and each of the signatory airlines has provided indirect guarantees of the debt. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s contingent
exposure was approximately $234 million principal amount of such bonds based on its recent consortia participation. The Company’s contingent exposure could increase if the participation of other air carriers decreases. The guarantees will
expire when the  tax-exempt  bonds are paid in full, which ranges from 2017 to 2049. The Company did not record a liability at the time these indirect guarantees were made.  
 Regional Capacity Purchase.  As of December 31, 2016, United had 223 call options to purchase regional jet aircraft being operated by
certain regional carriers. At December 31, 2016, none of the call options were exercisable because none of the required conditions to make an option exercisable by United was met.    Credit Card Processing Agreements.  The Company has agreements with financial institutions that process customer credit card transactions for the sale of air travel and other services. Under
certain of the Company’s credit card processing agreements, the financial institutions in certain circumstances have the right to require that the Company maintain a reserve equal to a portion of advance ticket sales that has been processed by
that financial institution, but for which the Company has not yet provided the air transportation. Such financial institutions may require additional cash or other collateral reserves to be established or additional withholding of payments related
to receivables collected if the Company does not maintain certain minimum levels of unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments (collectively, “Unrestricted Liquidity”). The Company’s current level of Unrestricted
Liquidity is substantially in excess of these minimum levels.    Labor Negotiations.  As of December 31, 2016, United,
including its subsidiaries, had approximately 88,000 employees. Approximately 80% of United’s employees were represented by various U.S. labor organizations as of December 31, 2016 .  In January 2016, United’s pilots, represented
by the Air Line Pilots Association, International (“ALPA”), agreed to extend their contract through January 31, 2019. In March 2016, the Company’s dispatchers, represented by the Professional Airline Flight Control Association,
agreed to extend their current contract through 2021. In April 2016, the fleet service, passenger service, storekeeper and other employees represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (“IAM”) ratified
seven new contracts with the Company which extended the contracts through 2021. In August 2016, United’s  
      96  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
flight attendants, represented by the AFA, ratified a five-year joint collective bargaining agreement through 2021. In December 2016, the technicians and related employees, represented by the
IBT, ratified a  six-year  joint collective bargaining agreement which extended the contract through 2022. The agreements with ALPA and IBT contain provisions that require the Company to align contract terms
with other airlines’ workgroups under certain conditions.    NOTE 16 - SPECIAL ITEMS  
 Special items classified as special charges in the statements of consolidated operations consisted of the following for the years ended December 31
(in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Operating: 
    
         2016        
 
   
    
         2015        
 
   
   
         2014        
 
   


 
   Impairment of assets 
    
  $ 
                 412  
   
    
 $ 
                 79  
   
   
 $ 
                 49  
   
 
   Cleveland airport lease restructuring 
    
   
 74  
   
    
   
 —  
   
   
   
 —  
   
 
   Labor agreement costs 
    
   
 64  
   
    
   
 18  
   
   
   
 —  
   
 
   Severance and benefit costs 
    
   
 37  
   
    
   
 107  
   
   
   
 199  
   
 
 (Gains) losses on sale of assets and other special charges 
    
   
 51  
   
    
   
 122  
   
   
   
 195  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Special charges 
    
   
 638  
   
    
   
 326  
   
   
   
 443  
   
 
   Nonoperating and income taxes: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 Losses (gain) on extinguishment of debt and other 
    
   
 (1) 
   
    
   
 202  
   
   
   
 74  
   
 
 Income tax benefit related to special charges 
    
   
 (229) 
   
    
   
 (11) 
   
   
   
 (10) 
   
 
 Income tax adjustments (Notes 6 and 7) 
    
   
 180  
   
    
   
 (3,130 
 )  
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total operating and nonoperating special items, net of income taxes 
    
  $ 
 588 
   
    
 $ 
 (2,613 
 )   
   
 $ 
 507  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   2016    In April 2016, the Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”) announced that it will designate Newark Liberty International Airport (“Newark”) as a Level 2 schedule-facilitated
airport under the International Air Transport Association Worldwide Slot Guidelines effective October 30, 2016. The designation was associated with an updated demand and capacity analysis of Newark by the FAA. In 2016, the Company
determined that the FAA’s action impaired the entire value of its Newark slots because the slots are no longer the mechanism that governs  take-off  and landing rights. Accordingly, the Company recorded a
$412 million special charge ($264 million net of taxes) to write off the intangible asset.    In 2016, the City of Cleveland agreed to
amend the Company’s lease, which runs through 2029, associated with certain excess airport terminal space (principally Terminal D) and related facilities at Hopkins International Airport (“Cleveland”). The Company recorded an accrual
for remaining payments under the lease for facilities that the Company no longer uses and will continue to incur costs under the lease without economic benefit to the Company. This liability was measured and recorded at its fair value when the
Company ceased its right to use such facilities leased to it pursuant to the lease. The Company recorded a net charge of $74 million ($47 million net of taxes) related to the amended lease.  
 The fleet service, passenger service, storekeeper and other employees represented by the IAM ratified seven new contracts with the Company which extended
the contracts through 2021. The technicians and related employees represented by the IBT ratified a  six-year  joint collective bargaining agreement which extended the contract through 2022. During 2016, the
Company recorded $171 million ($110 million net of taxes) of special charges primarily for payments in conjunction with the IAM and IBT agreements described above. As part of the ratified
 
      97  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
contract with the IBT, the Company amended some of its technicians and related employees’ postretirement medical plans. The amendments triggered curtailment accounting, resulting in the
recognition of a  one-time  $60 million gain ($38 million net of taxes) for accelerated recognition of a prior service credit in one of the plans. Also, as part of the ratified contract with the AFA,
the Company amended two of its flight attendant postretirement medical plans. The amendments triggered curtailment accounting, resulting in the recognition of a  one-time  $47 million gain ($30 million
net of taxes) for accelerated recognition of a prior service credit.    During 2016, the Company recorded $37 million ($24 million net
of taxes) of severance and benefit costs related to a voluntary  early-out  program for the Company’s flight attendants and other severance agreements. In 2014, more than 2,500 flight attendants elected to
voluntarily separate from the Company for a severance payment, with a maximum value of $100,000 per participant, based on years of service, with retirement dates through the end of 2016.    During 2016, the Company recorded gains and losses on sale of assets and other special charges of $51 million ($33 million net of taxes). In addition, the Company recorded $8 million
($5 million net of taxes) of losses due to exchange rate changes in Venezuela applicable to funds held in local currency and recorded a $9 million ($6 million net of taxes) gain on the sale of an affiliate.  
 2015     During its annual
assessment in the fourth quarter, the Company recorded $33 million ($22 million net of related income tax benefit) related to the impairment of its indefinite-lived intangible assets (certain domestic slots and international Pacific
routes), $8 million for the  write-off  of unexercised aircraft purchase options and $7 million for inventory held for sale. For the full-year 2015, the Company also recorded other impairments,
including $10 million for discontinued internal software projects and $10 million for the impairment of several engines held for sale.  
 The Company recorded $107 million of severance and benefit costs primarily related to a voluntary  early-out 
program for its flight attendants. In 2014, more than 2,500 flight attendants elected to voluntarily separate from the Company for a severance payment, with a maximum value of $100,000 per participant, based on years of service, with retirement
dates through the end of 2016.    During 2015, the Company also recorded $18 million related to collective bargaining agreements,
$60 million of integration-related costs primarily related to systems integration and training for employees, $32 million related to charges for settlements in connection with legal matters, $16 million for the cease use of an
aircraft under lease and $14 million for losses on the sale of aircraft and other miscellaneous gains and losses.    The Company recorded
$202 million of losses as part of Nonoperating income (expense): Miscellaneous, net due primarily to the  write-off  of $134 million related to the unamortized
 non-cash  debt discount from the extinguishment of the 6% Notes due 2026 and the 6% Notes due 2028. During 2015, the Company also recorded a $61 million foreign exchange loss related to its cash holdings
in Venezuela. The Venezuelan government has maintained currency controls and fixed official exchange rates (i.e. Sistema Complementario de Administracion de Divisas (“SICAD”), and Sistema Marginal de Divisas (“SIMADI”)) for many
years. Previously, airlines were permitted to use the more favorable SICAD rate (13.5 Venezuelan bolivars to one U.S. dollar) if repatriating profits and for payments of local goods and services in Venezuela. During 2015, many of the payments
for local goods and services transitioned to utilizing the SIMADI rate (200 Venezuelan bolivars to one U.S. dollar) or were required to be paid in U.S. dollars. Furthermore, the Venezuelan government has not permitted the exchange and repatriations
of local currency since  mid-2014. As  a result, the Company changed the exchange rate from historical SICAD rates to a combination of SIMADI and SICAD rates based on projections of future cash
payments. Including this adjustment, the Company’s resulting cash balance held in Venezuelan bolivars at December 31, 2015 was approximately $13 million.  
      98  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  2014    The Company recorded a charge of $16 million ($10 million net of related income tax benefits) related to its annual assessment of impairment of its indefinite-lived intangible assets (certain
international Pacific routes). The Company also recorded $33 million for charges related primarily to impairment of its flight equipment held for disposal associated with its Boeing  737-300  and  737-500  fleets.    The Company recorded $141 million of severance and benefit costs related primarily to a
voluntary  early-out  program for its flight attendants. More than 2,500 participants elected a  one-time  opportunity to voluntarily separate from the Company for a
severance payment, with a maximum value of $100,000 per participant, based on years of service, with retirement dates through the end of 2016. In addition, the Company recorded $58 million of severance and benefits primarily related to
reductions of management and front-line employees, including from Cleveland, as part of its cost savings initiatives.    The Company recorded
$66 million for the permanent grounding of 21 of the Company’s Embraer ERJ 135 regional aircraft under lease through 2018, which included an accrual for remaining lease payments and an amount for maintenance return conditions. The Company
decided to permanently ground these 21 Embraer ERJ 135 aircraft as a result of new Embraer E175 regional jet deliveries, the impact of pilot shortages at regional carriers and fuel prices. The Company also recorded $33 million for losses on the
sale of assets and other special charges. In addition, $96 million of integration-related costs included compensation costs related to systems integration, training, severance and relocation for employees.  
 United used cash to retire, at par, the entire $248 million principal balance of the 6% Convertible Debentures and the 6% Convertible Preferred
Securities, Term Income Deferrable Equity Securities (TIDES) and incurred $64 million of expense primarily associated with the  write-off  of the related  non-cash 
debt discounts. The Company also recorded $10 million of foreign exchange losses in Venezuela in 2014.    Accrual Activity
   Activity related to the accruals for severance and medical costs and future lease payments on permanently grounded aircraft is as
follows (in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Severance/   Benefit Costs   
   
    
     Permanently     Grounded Aircraft 
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
    
  $ 
 91  
   
    
  $ 
 11  
   
 
   Accrual 
    
   
 199  
   
    
   
 102  
   
 
   Payments 
    
   
 (181) 
   
    
   
 (11) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
    
   
 109  
   
    
   
 102  
   
 
   Accrual 
    
   
 107  
   
    
   
 30  
   
 
   Payments 
    
   
 (189) 
   
    
   
 (54) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
    
   
 27  
   
    
   
 78  
   
 
   Accrual and related adjustments 
    
   
 37  
   
    
   
 (17) 
   
 
   Payments 
    
   
 (50) 
   
    
   
 (20) 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
    
  $ 
 14  
   
    
  $ 
 41  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The Company’s accrual and payment activity is primarily related to severance and other compensation expense
associated with voluntary employee early retirement programs.    NOTE 17 - SEGMENT INFORMATION  
 Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise with separate financial information, which are evaluated regularly by the chief operating
decision maker and are used in resource allocation and performance assessments.  
      99  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Company deploys its aircraft across its route network through a single route scheduling system to
maximize its value. When making resource allocation decisions, the Company’s chief operating decision maker evaluates flight profitability data, which considers aircraft type and route economics. The Company’s chief operating decision
maker makes resource allocation decisions to maximize the Company’s consolidated financial results. Managing the Company as one segment allows management the opportunity to maximize the value of its route network.  
 The Company’s operating revenue by principal geographic region (as defined by the U.S. Department of Transportation) for the years ended
December 31 is presented in the table below (in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Domestic (U.S. and Canada) 
    
  $ 
 22,202 
   
 
   Pacific 
    
   
 4,959 
   
 
   Atlantic 
    
   
 6,157 
   
 
   Latin America 
    
   
 3,238 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
  $ 
 36,556 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
 
   Domestic (U.S. and Canada) 
    
  $ 
 21,931 
   
 
   Pacific 
    
   
 5,498 
   
 
   Atlantic 
    
   
 7,068 
   
 
   Latin America 
    
   
 3,367 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
  $ 
 37,864 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   Domestic (U.S. and Canada) 
    
  $ 
 22,320 
   
 
   Pacific 
    
   
 5,767 
   
 
   Atlantic 
    
   
 7,321 
   
 
   Latin America 
    
   
 3,493 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
  $ 
     38,901 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The Company attributes revenue among the geographic areas based upon the origin and destination of each flight segment.
The Company’s operations involve an insignificant level of dedicated revenue-producing assets in geographic regions as the overwhelming majority of the Company’s revenue producing assets (primarily U.S. registered aircraft) can be deployed
in any of its geographic regions.  
      100
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  NOTE 18 - SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 UAL                       
                                         
   
   
 Quarter Ended 
   
 
   (In millions, except per share
amounts)             
   
     March 31     
   
   
     June 30     
   
   
     September 30     
   
   
     December 31     
   


 
   2016 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
   
 $ 
       8,195  
   
   
 $ 
       9,396  
   
   
 $ 
 9,913  
   
   
 $ 
 9,052  
   
 
   Income from operations 
   
   
 649  
   
   
   
 1,060  
   
   
   
 1,624  
   
   
   
 1,005  
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 313  
   
   
   
 588  
   
   
   
 965  
   
   
   
 397  
   
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
   
 0.88  
   
   
   
 1.78  
   
   
   
 3.02  
   
   
   
 1.26  
   
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
   
 0.88  
   
   
   
 1.78  
   
   
   
 3.01  
   
   
   
 1.26  
   
 
   2015 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
   
 $ 
 8,608  
   
   
 $ 
 9,914  
   
   
 $ 
 10,306  
   
   
 $ 
 9,036  
   
 
   Income from operations 
   
   
 741  
   
   
   
 1,445  
   
   
   
 1,899  
   
   
   
 1,081  
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 508  
   
   
   
 1,193  
   
   
   
 4,816  
   
   
   
 823  
   
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
   
 1.33  
   
   
   
 3.14  
   
   
   
 12.83  
   
   
   
 2.24  
   
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
   
 1.32  
   
   
   
 3.14  
   
   
   
 12.82  
   
   
   
 2.24  
   
 
      101
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  UAL’s quarterly financial data is subject to seasonal fluctuations and historically its second and
third quarter financial results, which reflect higher travel demand, are better than its first and fourth quarter financial results. UAL’s quarterly results were impacted by the following significant items (in millions):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Quarter Ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 31 
   
    
 June 30 
   
    
 September 30 
   
    
 December 31 
   


 
   2016 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Operating: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Impairment of assets 
    
  $ 
 —  
   
    
  $ 
 412  
   
    
  $ 
 —  
   
    
  $ 
 —  
   
 
   Cleveland airport lease restructuring 
    
   
 74  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
   Labor agreement costs and related items 
    
   
 100  
   
    
   
 10  
   
    
   
 14  
   
    
   
 (60) 
   
 
   Severance and benefit costs 
    
   
 8  
   
    
   
 6  
   
    
   
 13  
   
    
   
 10  
   
 
   (Gains) losses on sale of assets and other special charges 
    
   
 8  
   
    
   
 6  
   
    
   
 18  
   
    
   
 19  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Special charges 
    
   
 190  
   
    
   
 434  
   
    
   
 45  
   
    
   
 (31) 
   
 
   Nonoperating and income taxes: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Losses (gain) on extinguishment of debt and other 
    
   
 8  
   
    
   
 (9) 
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
 
   Income tax expense (benefit) related to special charges 
    
   
 (72) 
   
    
   
 (153) 
   
    
   
 (16) 
   
    
   
 12  
   
 
   Income tax adjustments (Note 6) 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 180  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total operating and nonoperating special items, net of income taxes 
    
  $ 
           126  
   
    
  $ 
           272  
   
    
  $ 
 29  
   
    
  $ 
 161  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Operating: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Impairment of assets 
    
  $ 
 2  
   
    
  $ 
 11  
   
    
  $ 
 18  
   
    
  $ 
 48  
   
 
   Labor agreement costs and related items 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 18  
   
 
   Severance and benefit costs 
    
   
 50  
   
    
   
 25  
   
    
   
 28  
   
    
   
 4  
   
 
   (Gains) losses on sale of assets and other special charges 
    
   
 12  
   
    
   
 19  
   
    
   
 30  
   
    
   
 61  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Special charges 
    
   
 64  
   
    
   
 55  
   
    
   
 76  
   
    
   
 131  
   
 
   Nonoperating and income taxes: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Losses on extinguishment of debt and other 
    
   
 6  
   
    
   
 128  
   
    
   
 61  
   
    
   
 7  
   
 
   Income tax benefit related to special charges 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 (11) 
   
 
   Income tax expense (benefit) associated with valuation allowance release 
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 (3,218) 
   
    
   
 88  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total operating and nonoperating special items, net of income taxes 
    
  $ 
 70  
   
    
  $ 
 183  
   
    
  $ 
 (3,081) 
   
    
  $ 
 215  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   See Note 16 of this report for additional information of these items.  
      102
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.    None.      
 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    Evaluation
of Disclosure Control and Procedures    UAL and United each maintain controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted by UAL and United to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified by the SEC’s rules and
forms, and is accumulated and communicated to management including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The management of UAL and United, including the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation to conclude with reasonable assurance that UAL’s and United’s disclosure controls and procedures were designed and operating effectively to report the information
each company is required to disclose in the reports they file with the SEC on a timely basis. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of UAL and United have concluded that as of December 31, 2016,
disclosure controls and procedures were effective.    Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting during the Quarter Ended
December 31, 2016    During the three months ended December 31, 2016, there was no change in UAL’s or United’s
internal control over financial reporting during their most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, their internal control over financial reporting.  
      103
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of  
 United Continental Holdings, Inc.    We have
audited United Continental Holdings, Inc.’s (the “Company”) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the “COSO criteria”). The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting in Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control
over financial reporting based on our audit.    We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
   Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based
on the COSO criteria.    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2016 of the Company and our report dated February 23, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.    /s/ Ernst & Young LLP    Chicago, Illinois  
 February 23, 2017  
      104
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  United Continental Holdings, Inc. Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
   February 23, 2017    To the
Stockholders of United Continental Holdings, Inc.    Chicago, Illinois    The management of United Continental Holdings, Inc. (“UAL”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in
Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(f).  Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an
evaluation of the design and operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016. In making this assessment, management used the framework set forth in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013 Framework)   issued by the Committee of the Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2016.    Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, who
audited UAL’s consolidated financial statements included in this Form  10-K,  has issued a report on UAL’s internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein.  
 United Airlines, Inc. Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    February 23, 2017    To the Stockholder of United Airlines, Inc.  
 Chicago, Illinois    The management of United
Airlines, Inc. (“United”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(f).  United’s
internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. Because of its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.    Under
the supervision and with the participation of management, including United’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, United conducted an evaluation of the design and operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2016. In making this assessment, management used the framework set forth in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of the Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on this evaluation, United’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2016.  
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of United’s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management’s report was not subject to attestation by United’s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit United to provide only management’s report in this
annual report.  
      105
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION.    None.  
 PART III      
 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.    Certain information required by this item with respect to UAL is incorporated by reference from UAL’s definitive proxy statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Information regarding the
executive officers of UAL is presented below.    Information required by this item with respect to United is omitted pursuant to General
Instruction I(2)(c) of Form  10-K.     EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF UAL  
 The executive officers of UAL as of February 23, 2017 are listed below, along with their ages, tenure as officer and business background for at least
the last five years.    Michael P. Bonds.  Age 54. Mr. Bonds has served as Executive Vice President Human Resources and Labor
Relations of UAL and United since October 2010. From June 2005 to September 2010, Mr. Bonds served as Senior Vice President Human Resources and Labor Relations of Continental Airlines, Inc. (“Continental”). Mr. Bonds joined
Continental in 1995.    Brett J. Hart.  Age 47. Mr. Hart has served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of UAL and United
since February 2012. Mr. Hart served as acting Chief Executive Officer and principal executive officer of the Company, on an interim basis, from October 2015 to March 2016. From December 2010 to February 2012, he served as Senior Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary of UAL, United and Continental. From June 2009 to December 2010, Mr. Hart served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Sara Lee Corporation, a consumer food and beverage
company. From March 2005 to May 2009, Mr. Hart served as Deputy General Counsel and Chief Global Compliance Officer of Sara Lee Corporation. Mr. Hart joined UAL in 2010.    Gregory L. Hart.  Age 51. Mr. Hart has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer of UAL and United since February 2014. From December 2013 to February 2014, he served as
Senior Vice President Operations of UAL and United. From September 2012 to December 2013, Mr. Hart served as Senior Vice President Technical Operations of United. From October 2010 to September 2012, Mr. Hart served as Senior Vice
President Network of United and Continental. From September 2008 to September 2010, Mr. Hart served as Vice President Network Strategy of Continental. Mr. Hart joined Continental in 1997.  
 Linda P. Jojo.  Age 51. Ms. Jojo has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of UAL and United since November 2014.
From July 2011 to October 2014, Ms. Jojo served as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Rogers Communications, Inc., a Canadian communications and media company. From October 2008 to June 2011, Ms. Jojo served as Chief
Information Officer of Energy Future Holdings, a Dallas-based privately held energy company and electrical utility provider.    Chris
Kenny.  Age 52. Mr. Kenny has served as Vice President and Controller of UAL and United since October 2010. From September 2003 to September 2010, Mr. Kenny served as Vice President and Controller of Continental. Mr. Kenny joined
Continental in 1997.    J. Scott Kirby. A ge 49. Mr. Kirby has served as President of UAL and United since August 2016. Prior to
joining the Company, from December 2013 to August 2016, Mr. Kirby served as President of American Airlines Group and American Airlines, Inc. Mr. Kirby also previously served as President of US Airways from October 2006 to December 2013.
Mr. Kirby held significant other leadership roles at US Airways and at America West prior to the 2005 merger of those carriers, including Executive Vice President—Sales and Marketing (2001 to 2006); Senior Vice President,  e-business  (2000 to 2001); Vice President, Revenue Management (1998 to 2000);  
      106
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Vice President, Planning (1997 to 1998); and Senior Director, Scheduling and Planning (1995 to 1998). Prior to joining America West, Mr. Kirby worked for American Airlines Decision
Technologies and at the Pentagon.    Andrew C. Levy.  Age 47. Mr. Levy has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer since August 2016. From November 2014 to August 2016, he was the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner of AML Ventures, LLC, an investment and advisory firm specializing in the airline industry. Previously, Mr. Levy held
leadership roles at Allegiant Travel Company (“Allegiant”) for thirteen years, including as Chief Operating Officer and a Director from September 2013 to October 2014; President from September 2009 to October 2014; Chief Financial Officer
from October 2007 to May 2010; and Managing Director, Planning & Treasurer from April 2001 to October 2010. Prior to joining Allegiant, Mr. Levy worked at Mpower Communications, Inc., Savoy Capital and ValuJet Airlines, Inc.
   Oscar Munoz.  Age 58. Mr. Munoz has served as Chief Executive Officer since September 2015, and also as President from September
2015 until August 2016. From February 2015 to September 2015, Mr. Munoz served as President and Chief Operating Officer of CSX Corporation (“CSX”), a railroad and intermodal transportation services company, overseeing operations,
sales and marketing, human resources, service design and information technology. Prior to his appointment as President and Chief Operating Officer of CSX, Mr. Munoz served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of CSX
Transportation from January 2012 to February 2015 and as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CSX from 2003 to 2012. Mr. Munoz has been a member of the UAL Board of Directors (“Board of Directors”)
since 2010.    There are no family relationships among the executive officers or the directors of UAL. The executive officers are elected by the
Board of Directors each year and hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders, until their successors are elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal.  
 The Company has a code of ethics, the “Ethics and Compliance Principles,” for its directors, officers and employees. The code serves as a
“Code of Ethics” as defined by SEC regulations, and as a “Code of Business Conduct and Ethics” under the listed Company Manual of the NYSE. The code is available on the Company’s website at http://ir.united.com. Waivers
granted to certain officers from compliance with or future amendments to the code will be disclosed on the Company’s website in accordance with Item 5.05 of Form  8-K.   
   
 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.    Information
required by this item with respect to UAL is incorporated by reference from UAL’s definitive proxy statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.    Information required by this item with respect to United is omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form  10-K.   
   
 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.  
 Information required by this item with respect to UAL is incorporated by reference from UAL’s definitive proxy statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders.    Information required by this item with respect to United is omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form  10-K.       
 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.    Information required by this item with respect to UAL is incorporated by reference from UAL’s definitive proxy statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  
 Information required by this item with respect to United is omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form
 10-K.   
      107
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.  
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has adopted a policy on  pre-approval  of services of the
Company’s independent registered public accounting firm. As a wholly-owned subsidiary of UAL, United’s audit services are determined by UAL. The policy provides that the Audit Committee shall
 pre-approve  all audit and  non-audit  services to be provided to UAL and its subsidiaries and affiliates by its independent auditors. The process by which this is carried
out is as follows:    For recurring services, the Audit Committee reviews and  pre-approves  the
independent registered public accounting firm’s annual audit services in conjunction with the annual appointment of the outside auditors. The reviewed materials include a description of the services along with related fees. The Audit Committee
also reviews and  pre-approves  other classes of recurring services along with fee thresholds for  pre-approved  services. In the event that the additional services are
required prior to the next scheduled Audit Committee meeting,  pre-approvals  of additional services follow the process described below.    Any requests for audit, audit related, tax and other services not contemplated with the recurring services approval described above must be submitted to the Audit Committee for specific  pre-approval  and cannot commence until such approval has been granted. Normally,  pre-approval  is provided at regularly scheduled meetings. However, the authority to grant
specific  pre-approval  between meetings, as necessary, has been delegated to the Chair of the Audit Committee. The Chair must update the Audit Committee at the next regularly scheduled meeting of any services
that were granted specific  pre-approval.     On a periodic basis, the Audit Committee reviews the status
of services and fees incurred  year-to-date  and a list of newly  pre-approved  services since its last regularly scheduled meeting.
The Audit Committee has considered whether the 2016 and 2015  non-audit  services provided by Ernst & Young LLP, the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, are compatible with
maintaining auditor independence.    All of the services in 2016 and 2015 under the Audit Fees, Audit Related Fees, Tax Fees and All Other Fees
categories below have been approved by the Audit Committee pursuant to paragraph (c)(7) of Rule  2-01  of Regulation  S-X  of the Exchange Act.  
 The aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by the Company’s independent auditors in 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in thousands):
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Service 
    
     2016     
   
    
     2015     
   


 
   Audit Fees 
    
  $ 
 3,751  
   
    
  $ 
 4,193  
   
 
   Audit Related Fees 
    
   
 215  
   
    
   
 98  
   
 
   Tax Fees 
    
   
 1,252  
   
    
   
 2,050  
   
 
   All Other Fees 
    
   
 2  
   
    
   
 5  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
  $ 
         5,220  
   
    
  $ 
         6,346  
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Note: UAL and United amounts are the same.    AUDIT FEES  
 For 2016 and 2015, audit fees consist primarily of the audit and quarterly reviews of the consolidated financial statements and the audit of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of United Continental Holdings, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Audit fees also include the audit of the consolidated financial statements of United, employee benefit plan audits,
attestation services required by statute or regulation, comfort letters, consents, assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC, and accounting and financial reporting consultations and research work necessary to comply with generally
accepted auditing standards.  
      108
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  AUDIT RELATED FEES    For 2016 and 2015, fees for audit related services consisted of professional services related to due diligence and understanding key process changes and identifying and testing changes in the internal
control environment prior to implementation of system conversions.    TAX FEES  
 Tax fees for 2016 and 2015 include professional services provided for foreign and state tax returns, research and consultations regarding tax accounting,
and tax compliance matters and assistance in assembling data to prepare for and respond to governmental reviews of past tax filings, exclusive of tax services rendered in connection with the audit.  
 ALL OTHER FEES    Fees for all
other services billed in 2016 and 2015 consist of subscriptions to Ernst & Young LLP’s  on-line  accounting research tool.    PART IV      
 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 (a)(1) 
   
 Financial Statements . The financial statements required by this item are listed in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
herein. 
 
 
 
 
 (2) 
   
 Financial Statement Schedules.  The financial statement schedule required by this item is listed below and included in this report after the signature page
hereto. 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 Schedule  II-Valuation  and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes
thereto. 
 
 
 
 
 (b) 
   
 Exhibits.  The exhibits required by this item are listed in the Exhibit Index which immediately precedes the exhibits filed with this
 Form 10-K  and is incorporated herein by this reference. Each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement is denoted with a “†” in the Exhibit Index. 
     
 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM  10-K  SUMMARY.    None.  
      109
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each registrant has duly caused this  Form 10-K  to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
    UNITED CONTINENTAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
  (Registrants) 
 
 
 
 
    By:     
   
    /s/    Andrew C. Levy 
 
 
   
    Andrew C. Levy 
 
 
   
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
   Date: February 23, 2017  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this  Form 10-K  has been
signed below by the following persons on behalf of United Continental Holdings, Inc. and in the capacities and on the date indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 Signature                    
 
   
 
 Capacity                    
 


 
 
 
 
    /s/    Oscar Munoz    Oscar Munoz 
   
   Chief Executive Officer, Director   (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    Andrew C. Levy    Andrew C. Levy 
   
   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    Chris Kenny    Chris Kenny 
   
   Vice President and Controller 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    Carolyn Corvi    Carolyn Corvi 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    Jane C. Garvey    Jane C. Garvey 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    Barney Harford    Barney Harford 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    Todd M. Insler    Todd M. Insler 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    Walter Isaacson    Walter Isaacson 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    James A.C. Kennedy 
  James A.C. Kennedy 
   
   Director 
      110
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
 
 Signature                    
 
   
 
 Capacity                    
 


 
 
 
 
    /s/    Robert A. Milton 
  Robert A. Milton 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    William R. Nuti    William R. Nuti 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    Sito Pantoja    Sito Pantoja 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    Edward M. Philip 
  Edward M. Philip 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    Edward L. Shapiro 
  Edward L. Shapiro 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    Laurence E. Simmons 
  Laurence E. Simmons 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    David J. Vitale    David J. Vitale 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    James M. Whitehurst 
  James M. Whitehurst 
   
   Director 
   Date:    February 23, 2017    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this  Form 10-K  has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of United
Airlines, Inc. and in the capacities and on the date indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 Signature                    
 
   
 
 Capacity                    
 


 
 
 
 
    /s/    Oscar Munoz    Oscar Munoz 
   
   Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    Andrew C. Levy 
  Andrew C. Levy 
   
   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Director   (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    Chris Kenny    Chris Kenny 
   
   Vice President and Controller 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    Gregory L. Hart    Gregory L. Hart 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
    /s/    J. Scott Kirby    J. Scott Kirby 
   
   Director 
   Date: February 23, 2017  
      111
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Schedule II  
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts    For the Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (In millions)     
 Description 
    
 Balance at Beginning 
of Period 
   
    
 Additions Charged 
to Costs and Expenses 
   
    
 Deductions (a) 
   
    
 Other 
   
    
 Balance at End
of Period 
   


 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts—UAL and United: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2016 
    
  $ 
 18  
   
    
  $ 
 18  
   
    
  $ 
 26  
   
    
  $ 
 —  
   
    
  $ 
 10  
   
 
   2015 
    
   
 22  
   
    
   
 25  
   
    
   
 29  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 18  
   
 
   2014 
    
   
 13  
   
    
   
 45  
   
    
   
 36  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 22  
   
 
   Obsolescence allowance—spare parts—UAL and United: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2016 
    
  $ 
 235  
   
    
  $ 
 61  
   
    
  $ 
 16  
   
    
  $ 
 15  
   
    
  $ 
 295  
   
 
   2015 
    
   
 169  
   
    
   
 38  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 28  
   
    
   
 235  
   
 
   2014 
    
   
 162  
   
    
   
 35  
   
    
   
 28  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 169  
   
 
   Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets—UAL: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2016 
    
  $ 
 48  
   
    
  $ 
 47  
   
    
  $ 
 27  
   
    
  $ 
 —  
   
    
  $ 
 68  
   
 
   2015 
    
   
 4,751  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 4,703  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 48  
   
 
   2014 
    
   
 4,591  
   
    
   
 156  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 4  
   
    
   
 4,751  
   
 
   Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets—United: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2016 
    
  $ 
 48  
   
    
  $ 
 47  
   
    
  $ 
 27  
   
    
  $ 
 —  
   
    
  $ 
 68  
   
 
   2015 
    
   
 4,721  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 4,673  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 48  
   
 
   2014 
    
   
 4,561  
   
    
   
 167  
   
    
   
 —  
   
    
   
 (7) 
   
    
   
 4,721  
   
       (a)
Deduction from reserve for purpose for which reserve was created.  
      112
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EXHIBIT INDEX  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit No. 
   
   
   Registrant 
    
   Exhibit 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
    
   Plan of Merger 


 
 
 
 
 
   
     *2.1 
   
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 2, 2010, by and among UAL Corporation, Continental Airlines, Inc. and JT Merger Sub Inc. (schedules and exhibits have been
omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation  S-K)  (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to UAL’s  Form 8-K  filed May 4, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   
     *2.2 
   
   
 United 
    
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 28, 2013, by and between Continental Airlines, Inc. and United Air Lines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to UAL’s Form  8-K  filed April 3, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
    
   Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 
 
 
 
   
     *3.1 
   
   
 UAL 
    
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of United Continental Holdings, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to UAL’s
 Form 8-K  filed October 1, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   
     *3.2 
   
   
 UAL 
    
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of United Continental Holdings, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended
March 31, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   
     *3.3 
   
   
 United 
    
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to UAL’s Form  8-K  filed
April 3, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   
     *3.4 
   
   
 United 
    
 Amended and Restated  By-laws  of United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to UAL’s Form  8-K 
filed April 3, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
    
   Instruments Defining Rights of Security Holders, Including Indentures 
 
 
 
 
 
   
     *4.1 
   
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of January 11, 2013, by and among United Continental Holdings, Inc. as Issuer, United Air Lines, Inc. as Guarantor, and the
Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as Trustee, providing for issuance of 6% Notes due 2028, 6% Notes due 2026 and 8% Notes due 2024 (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended
December 31, 2012, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   
     *4.2 
   
   
   UAL   United 
    
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2013, by and among United Continental Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company,
N.A., as trustee, to the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of January 11, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to UAL’s Form  8-K  filed April 3, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   
     *4.3 
   
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 13, 2013, by and among United Continental Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company, N.A., as trustee, to the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of January 11, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to UAL’s Form  8-K  filed September 19, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
      113
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
     *4.4 
   
 United 
    
 Indenture, dated as of July 15, 1997, between Continental Airlines, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Bank One, N.A.), as trustee
related to Continental Airlines, Inc.’s 4.5% Convertible Notes due 2015 (filed as Exhibit to 4.1 to Continental’s Form  S-3/A  filed July 18, 1997, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
     *4.5 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2010, by and among Continental Airlines, Inc., United Continental Holdings, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company, N.A., as trustee, with respect to the Indenture, dated as of July 15, 1997, between Continental Airlines, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Bank One, N.A.), as trustee related to Continental
Airlines, Inc.’s 4.5% Convertible Notes due 2015 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to UAL’s Form  8-K  dated October 1, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and
incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
     *4.6 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 15, 2014, among United Continental Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.,
as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to UAL’s Form  8-K  filed on May 19, 2014, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 

 
 
 
 
 
     *4.7 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Indenture, dated as of May 7, 2013, among United Continental Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (filed as
Exhibit 4.1 to UAL’s Form  8-K  filed on May 10, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
     *4.8 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 7, 2013, among United Continental Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as
Trustee, providing for the issuance of 6.375% Senior Notes due 2018 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to UAL’s Form  8-K  filed on May 10, 2013, Commission file number
 1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
     *4.9 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Form of 6.375% Senior Notes due 2018 (filed as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.2 to UAL’s Form  8-K  filed on May 10, 2013, Commission file
number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
     *4.10 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Form of Notation of Note Guarantee (filed as Exhibit B to Exhibit 4.2 to UAL’s Form  8-K  filed on May 10, 2013, Commission file
number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
     *4.11 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 8, 2013, among United Continental Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company,
N.A., as Trustee, providing for the issuance of 6.000% Senior Notes due 2020 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to UAL’s Form  8-K  filed on November 12, 2013, Commission file number
 1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
     *4.12 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Form of 6.000% Senior Notes due 2020 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to UAL’s Form  8-K  filed on November 12, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
     *4.13 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Form of Notation of Note Guarantee (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to UAL’s Form  8-K  filed on November 12, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
      114
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
    
   Material Contracts 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.1 
   
 UAL 
    
 Agreement, dated April 19, 2016, by and among PAR Capital Management, Inc., Altimeter Capital Management, LP, United Continental Holdings, Inc. and the other signatories
listed on the signature page thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL’s  Form 8-K  filed April 20, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein
by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   †10.2 
   
 UAL 
    
 United Continental Holdings, Inc. Profit Sharing Plan (amended and restated effective January 1, 2016) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.3 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Employment Agreement, dated December 31, 2015, among United Continental Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc. and Oscar Munoz (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL’s
Form  8-K/A  filed January 7, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.4 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated April 19, 2016, by and among United Continental Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc. and Oscar Munoz (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
UAL’s Form  8-K  filed April 20, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.5 
   
 UAL 
    
 SERP Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2010, by and among United Continental Holdings, Inc., Continental Airlines, Inc. and James E. Compton (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to
UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.6 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 SERP Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2010, by and among United Continental Holdings, Inc., Continental Airlines, Inc. and Gerald Laderman (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to
UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.7 
   
   UAL 
    
 SERP Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2010, by and among United Continental Holdings, Inc., Continental Airlines, Inc. and Michael P. Bonds (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to
UAL’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, Commission file number 1-6033, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.8 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 United Continental Holdings, Inc. Senior Officer Severance Plan (effective October 1, 2014) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.9 
   
 UAL 
    
 Employment Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2010, by and among United Continental Holdings, Inc., United Air Lines, Inc., Continental Airlines, Inc. and Jeffery A. Smisek
(filed as Exhibit 10.21 to UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.10 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Performance Award Agreement, dated May 5, 2016, by and among United Continental Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc. and Brett J. Hart (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to UAL’s
Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.11 
   
 UAL 
    
 Form of Stock Option Award Notice pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
      115
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 *†10.12 
   
 UAL 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.13 
   
 UAL 
    
 Confidentiality and  Non-Competition  Agreement, dated April 23, 2009, by and among Continental Airlines, Inc. and Jeffery A. Smisek
(filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Continental Airlines, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2009, Commission file number  1-10323,  and
incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.14 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Separation Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2015, by and among United Continental Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc. and Jeffery A. Smisek (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
UAL’s Form  8-K  filed September 8, 2015, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.15 
   
 UAL 
    
 Description of Benefits for Officers of United Continental Holdings, Inc. and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to UAL’s Form
 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015, Commission file number  1-6033  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.16 
   
 UAL 
    
 United Continental Holdings, Inc. Officer Travel Policy (filed as Exhibit 10.24 to UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended
December 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.17 
   
 UAL 
    
 United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Annex A to UAL Corporation’s 2013 Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 26, 2013,
Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) (now named the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.18 
   
 UAL 
    
 First Amendment to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (changing the name to United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation
Plan) (filed as Annex A to UAL’s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 26, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   †10.19 
   
 UAL 
    
 Second Amendment to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.20 
   
 UAL 
    
 Form of Stock Option Award Notice pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.25 to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   †10.21 
   
 UAL 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (stock settled) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.22 
   
 UAL 
    
 Form of Restricted Share Award Notice pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (awards during and after 2014) (filed as Exhibit 10.27 to
UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.23 
   
 UAL 
    
 United Continental Holdings, Inc. Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Program (adopted pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan)
(filed as Exhibit 10.31 to UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
      116
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 *†10.24 
   
 UAL 
    
 First Amendment to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Program (adopted pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive
Compensation Plan) (effective with respect to performance periods beginning on or after January 1, 2012) (filed as Exhibit 10.33 to UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2011,
Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.25 
   
 UAL 
    
 Second Amendment to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Program (adopted pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008
Incentive Compensation Plan) (filed as Exhibit 10.29 to UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2012, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated
herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.26 
   
 UAL 
    
 Third Amendment to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Program (adopted pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive
Compensation Plan) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.27 
   
 UAL 
    
 Fourth Amendment to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Program (adopted pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008
Incentive Compensation Plan) (filed as Exhibit 10.22 to UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015, Commission file number  1-6033  and incorporated
herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.28 
   
 UAL 
    
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Program (ROIC awards)
(filed as Exhibit 10.23 to UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015, Commission file number  1-6033  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.29 
   
 UAL 
    
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Program (Relative  Pre-tax  Margin awards) (for performance periods beginning on or after January 1, 2015) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31,
2015, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.30 
   
 UAL 
    
 United Continental Holdings, Inc. Incentive Plan 2010, as amended and restated February 17, 2011 (previously named the Continental Airlines, Inc. Incentive Plan 2010) (filed
as Annex B to UAL’s Definitive Proxy Statement filed April 26, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.31 
   
 UAL 
    
 First Amendment to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Incentive Plan 2010, as amended and restated February 17, 2011 (filed as Annex B to UAL’s 2013 Definitive Proxy
Statement filed on April 26, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.32 
   
 UAL 
    
 United Continental Holdings, Inc. Annual Incentive Program (adopted pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Incentive Plan 2010) (as amended and restated
February 21, 2013) (filed as Exhibit 10.43 to UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2012, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein
by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.33 
   
 UAL 
    
 United Continental Holdings, Inc. Long-Term Relative Performance Program (adopted pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Incentive Plan 2010) (filed as Exhibit 10.43
to UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
      117
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 *†10.34 
   
 UAL 
    
 First Amendment to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Long-Term Relative Performance Program (adopted pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Incentive Plan 2010)
(effective with respect to performance periods beginning on or after January 1, 2012) (filed as Exhibit 10.49 to UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2011, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.35 
   
 UAL 
    
 Second Amendment to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Long-Term Relative Performance Program (adopted pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Incentive Plan 2010)
(effective with respect to performance periods beginning on or after January 1, 2014) (filed as Exhibit 10.40.2 to UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.36 
   
 UAL 
    
 Form of Annual Incentive Program Award Notice pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Annual Incentive Program (for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1,
2013) (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2012, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.37 
   
 UAL 
    
 Form of Long-Term Relative Performance Award Notice pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Long-Term Relative Performance Program (for use with respect to performance
periods beginning January 1, 2014) (filed as Exhibit 10.45 to UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and
incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.38 
   
 UAL 
    
 Description of Compensation and Benefits for United Continental Holdings, Inc.  Non-Employee  Directors (filed as Exhibit 10.30 to
UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2014, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.39 
   
 UAL 
    
 United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2006 Director Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated, effective February 20, 2014, filed as Annex A to UAL’s Definitive Proxy
Statement filed April 25, 2014, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.40 
   
 UAL 
    
 Form of Share Unit Award Notice pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2006 Director Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2014, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) (for awards granted on or after June 2011) 

 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.41 
   
 UAL 
    
 Continental Airlines, Inc. 1998 Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Continental’s Form  S-8  Registration Statement (No.  333-57297),  Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.42 
   
 UAL 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to 1998 Incentive Plan, 1997 Incentive Plan and 1994 Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Continental’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2001, Commission file no.  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.43 
   
 UAL 
    
 Amendment to 1998 Incentive Plan, 1997 Incentive Plan and 1994 Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Continental’s Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2004, Commission file no.  1-10323  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.44 
   
 UAL 
    
 Form of Outside Director Stock Option Grant pursuant to the Continental Airlines, Inc. 1998 Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.12(c) to Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2006, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
      118
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 *†10.45 
   
 UAL 
    
 Continental Airlines, Inc. Incentive Plan 2000, as amended and restated (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the
quarter ended March 31, 2002, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.46 
   
 UAL 
    
 Amendment to Incentive Plan 2000, dated as of March 12, 2004 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter
ended March 31, 2004, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.47 
   
 UAL 
    
 Second Amendment to Incentive Plan 2000, dated as of June 6, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the
quarter ended June 30, 2006, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.48 
   
 UAL 
    
 Third Amendment to Incentive Plan 2000, dated as of September 14, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the
quarter ended September 30, 2006, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.49 
   
 UAL 
    
 Form of Outside Director Stock Option Agreement pursuant to Incentive Plan 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10.14(b) to Continental’s Form  10-K 
for the year ended December 31, 2000, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.50 
   
 UAL 
    
 Form of Outside Director Stock Option Grant pursuant to Incentive Plan 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the
quarter ended March 31, 2008, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.51 
   
 UAL 
    
 Form of  Non-Employee  Director Option Grant Document pursuant to Continental Airlines, Inc. Incentive Plan 2010, as amended and restated
through February 17, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 10.2(a) to Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2009, Commission file number  1-10323,  and
incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.52 
   
 UAL 
    
 United Air Lines, Inc. Management Cash Direct & Cash Match Program (amended and restated effective January 1, 2014) (filed as Exhibit 10.64 to UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2013, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *†10.53 
   
 UAL 
    
 United Continental Holdings, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (effective October 1, 2014) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL’s Form  8-K 
filed June 20, 2014, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.54 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2010, by and among Airbus S.A.S and United Air Lines. Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.27 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.55 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement No. 1 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2010, by and among Airbus S.A.S and United Air Lines. Inc. (filed as
Exhibit 10.28 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.56 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement No. 2 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2010, by and among Airbus S.A.S and United Air Lines. Inc. (filed as
Exhibit 10.29 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.57 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Amended and Restated Letter Agreement No. 2 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated June 19, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
      119
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 *^10.58 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement No. 3 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2010, by and among Airbus S.A.S and United Air Lines. Inc. (filed as
Exhibit 10.30 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.59 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Amended and Restated Letter Agreement No. 3 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated June 19, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.60 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement No. 4 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2010, by and among Airbus S.A.S and United Air Lines. Inc. (filed as
Exhibit 10.31 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.61 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Amended and Restated Letter Agreement No. 4 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated June 19, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.62 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement No. 5 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2010, by and among Airbus S.A.S and United Air Lines. Inc. (filed as
Exhibit 10.32 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.63 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement No. 6 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2010, by and among Airbus S.A.S and United Air Lines. Inc. (filed as
Exhibit 10.33 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.64 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement No. 7 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2010, by and among Airbus S.A.S and United Air Lines. Inc. (filed as
Exhibit 10.34 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.65 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement No. 8 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2010, by and among Airbus S.A.S and United Air Lines. Inc. (filed as
Exhibit 10.35 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.66 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement No. 9 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2010, by and among Airbus S.A.S and United Air Lines. Inc. (filed as
Exhibit 10.36 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.67 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement No. 10 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2010, by and among Airbus S.A.S and United Air Lines. Inc. (filed as
Exhibit 10.37 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.68 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement No. 11 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2010, by and among Airbus S.A.S and United Air Lines. Inc. (filed as
Exhibit 10.38 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.69 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement No. 12 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2010, by and among Airbus S.A.S and United Air Lines. Inc. (filed as
Exhibit 10.39 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
      120
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 *^10.70 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement No. 13 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2010, by and among Airbus S.A.S and United Air Lines. Inc. (filed as
Exhibit 10.40 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.71 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated June 25, 2010, by and among Airbus S.A.S and United Air Lines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to
UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2010, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.72 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated June 19, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to UAL’s Form  10-Q 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.73 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Amended and Restated Letter Agreement No. 5 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated June 19, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.74 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Amended and Restated Letter Agreement No. 6 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated June 19, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.75 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Amended and Restated Letter Agreement No. 7 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated June 19, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.76 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Amended and Restated Letter Agreement No. 10 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated June 19, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.77 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Amended and Restated Letter Agreement No. 12 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated June 19, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.16 to UAL’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.78 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement No. 14 to the Airbus A350-900XWB Purchase Agreement, dated May 6, 2016, between Airbus S.A.S. and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to
UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.79 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Purchase Agreement No. 1951, including exhibits and side letters thereto, dated July 23, 1996, by and among Continental and Boeing (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to
Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 1996, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.80 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated October 10, 1996 (filed as Exhibit 10.14(a) to Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 1996, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.81 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated March 5, 1997 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 1997, Commission file number  1-10323  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
      121
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 *^10.82 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 3, including exhibit and side letter, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated July 17, 1997 (filed as Exhibit 10.14(c) to
Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 1997, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.83 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 4, including exhibits and side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated October 10, 1997 (filed as Exhibit 10.14(d) to
Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 1997, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.84 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 5, including exhibits and side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated October 10, 1997 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 1998, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.85 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 6, including exhibits and side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated July 30, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Continental’s
Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 1998, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.86 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 7, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated November 12, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 10.24(g) to Continental’s Form
 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2008, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.87 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 8, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated December 7, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 10.24(h) to Continental’s  Form 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2008, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.88 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement No.  6-1162-GOC-131R1  to Purchase
Agreement No. 1951, dated March 26, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 1998, Commission file number
 1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.89 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 9, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated February 18, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Continental’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 1999, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.90 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 10, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated March 19, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.4(a) to Continental’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 1999, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.91 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 11, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated March 14, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.4(a) to Continental’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 1999, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.92 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 12, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated July 2, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 1999, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.93 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 13 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated October 13, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.25(n) to Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 1999, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
      122
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 *^10.94 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 14 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated December 13, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.25(o) to Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 1999, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.95 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 15, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated January 13, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2000, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.96 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 16, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated March 17, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2000, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.97 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 17, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated May 16, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2000, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.98 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 18, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated September 11, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Continental’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2000, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.99 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 19, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated October 31, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10.20(t) to Continental’s  Form 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2000, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.100 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 20, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated December 21, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10.20(u) to Continental’s  Form 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2000, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.101 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 21, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated March 30, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2001, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.102 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 22, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated May 23, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2001, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.103 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 23, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated June 29, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2001, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.104 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 24, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated August 31, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2001, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.105 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 25, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated December 31, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 10.22(z) to Continental’s  Form 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2001, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
      123
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 *^10.106 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 26, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated March 29, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2002, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.107 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 27, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated November 6, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Continental’s  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2002, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.108 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 28, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated April 1, 2003 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.109 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 29, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated August 19, 2003 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2003, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.110 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 30 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated November 4, 2003 (filed as Exhibit 10.23(ae) to Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2003, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.111 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 31 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated August 20, 2004 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2004, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.112 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 32, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated December 29, 2004 (filed as Exhibit 10.21(ag) to Continental’s
Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2004, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.113 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 33, including side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated December 29, 2004 (filed as Exhibit 10.21(ah) to Continental’s
Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2004, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.114 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 34 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated June 22, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2005, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.115 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 35 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated June 30, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2005, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.116 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 36 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated July 28, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.117 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 37 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated March 30, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2006, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
      124
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 *^10.118 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 38 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated June 6, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2006, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.119 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 39 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated August 3, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2006, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.120 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 40 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated December 5, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 10.23(ao) to Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2006, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.121 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 41 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated June 1, 2007 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2007, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.122 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 42 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated June 12, 2007 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2007, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.123 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 43 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated July 18, 2007 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.124 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 44 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated December 7, 2007 (filed as Exhibit 10.21(as) to Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2007, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.125 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 45 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated February 20, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2008, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.126 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 46 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated June 25, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.127 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 47 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated October 30, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 10.21(av) to Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2008, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.128 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 48 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated January 29, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.129 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 49 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated May 1, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
      125
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 *^10.130 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 50 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated July 23, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.131 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 51 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated August 5, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.132 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 52 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated August 31, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.133 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 53 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated December 23, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.22(bb) to Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2009, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.134 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 54 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated March 2, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.135 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 55 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated March 31, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.136 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 56 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated August 12, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2010, Commission File Number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.137 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 57 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated March 2, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2011, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.138 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 58 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated January 6, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.139 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 59 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated July 12, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.140 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 60 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated November 7, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.141 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 61 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated September 11, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 for the quarter ended September 30, 2013,
Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.142 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 62 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated January 14, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, Commission
file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
      126
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 *^10.143 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 63 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated May 26, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 for the quarter ended June 30, 2015, Commission file
number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.144 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 64 to Purchase Agreement No. 1951, dated June 12, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 for the quarter ended June 30, 2015, Commission file
number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.145 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Aircraft General Terms Agreement, dated October 10, 1997, by and among Continental and Boeing (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 1997, Commission File Number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.146 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement  6-1162-CHL-048,  dated February 8,
2002, by and among Continental and Boeing (filed as Exhibit 10.44 to Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2001, Commission file number
 1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.147 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Purchase Agreement No. 2484, including exhibits and side letters, dated December 29, 2004, by and among Continental and Boeing (filed as Exhibit 10.27 to
Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2004, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.148 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 2484, dated June 30, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2005, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.149 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 2, including exhibits and side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 2484, dated January 20, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 10.27(b) to
Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2005, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.150 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 to Purchase Agreement No. 2484, dated May 3, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2006, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.151 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 to Purchase Agreement No. 2484, dated July 14, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2006, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.152 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 5 to Purchase Agreement No. 2484, dated March 12, 2007 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Continental’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2007, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.153 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 6 to Purchase Agreement No. 2484, dated October 22, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 10.25(f) to Continental’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2008, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.154 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 7 to Purchase Agreement No. 2484, dated November 7, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.179 to UAL’s Form
 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2012, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
      127
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 *^10.155 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 8 to Purchase Agreement No. 2484, dated June 17, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.156 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 9 to Purchase Agreement No. 2484, dated June 6, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2014, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.157 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 10 to Purchase Agreement No. 2484, dated January 14, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.158 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 11 to Purchase Agreement No. 2484, dated April 30, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2015, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.159 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Amended and Restated Letter Agreement No. 11, dated August 8, 2005, by and among Continental and General Electric Company (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Continental’s
Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.160 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Agreement, dated May 7, 2003, by and among Continental and the United States of America, acting through the Transportation Security Administration (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
Continental’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2003, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.161 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Purchase Agreement No.  PA-03784,  dated July 12, 2012, between The Boeing Company and United Air Lines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2012, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.162 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 01 to Purchase Agreement No.  PA-03784,  dated September 27, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL’s
Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2012, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.163 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 02 to Purchase Agreement Number  PA-03784,  dated March 1, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to UAL’s
Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.164 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 03 to Purchase Agreement Number  PA-03784,  dated June 27, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to UAL’s
Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.165 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 04 to Purchase Agreement Number  PA-03784,  dated September 11, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to
UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.166 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 05 to Purchase Agreement Number  PA-03784,  dated March 3, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to UAL’s
Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2014, Commission file number  1-6033  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
      128
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 *^10.167 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 06 to Purchase Agreement Number  PA-03784,  dated June 6, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to UAL’s
Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2014, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.168 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 07 to Purchase Agreement Number  PA-03784,  dated May 26, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to UAL’s
Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2015, Commission file number  1-10323  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.169 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 08 to Purchase Agreement Number  PA-03784,  dated June 12, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to UAL’s
Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2015, Commission file number  1-10323  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.170 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 9 to Purchase Agreement No. 03784, dated January 20, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2
to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.171 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 10 to Purchase Agreement No. 03784, dated February 8, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.4
to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.172 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 11 to Purchase Agreement Number No. 03784, dated March 7, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit
10.6 to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.173 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 12 to Purchase Agreement No. 03784, dated June 24, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to
UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   ^10.174 
   
 UAL United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 13 to Purchase Agreement No. 03784, dated December 27, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.175 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Purchase Agreement No.  PA-03776,  dated July 12, 2012, between The Boeing Company and United Continental Holdings, Inc. (filed as
Exhibit 10.3 to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2012, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 

 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.176 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 01 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated June 17, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.177 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Purchase Agreement Assignment to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated October 23, 2013, between United Continental Holdings, Inc. and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as
Exhibit 10.3 to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 

 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.178 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 02 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated January 14, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.179 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 03 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated May 26, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2015, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
      129
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 *^10.180 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 04 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated June 12, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2015, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.181 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 5 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated January 20, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1
to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.182 
   
 UAL United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 6 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated February 8, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.3
to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   ^10.183 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 7 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated December 27, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.184 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement No.  6-1162-KKT-080,  dated July 12,
2012, among Boeing, United Continental Holdings, Inc., United Air Lines, Inc., and Continental Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2012,
Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.185 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated September 27, 2012, between Boeing and United Air Lines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2012, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.186 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated June 17, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.187 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated December 16, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2014, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.188 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated as of July 22, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.189 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated as of January 14, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.190 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 5 to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated as of April 30, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to UAL’s Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2015, Commission file number  1-10323,  and incorporated by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.191 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 6 to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated as of December 31, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.178 to UAL’s Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
 *^10.192 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Supplemental Agreement No. 7 to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated March 7, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to
UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by
reference) 
      130
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 *^10.193 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Letter Agreement to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated May 5, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   ^10.194 
   
 UAL United 
    
 Letter Agreement No.  UAL-LA-1604287  to Purchase Agreement Nos. 3776, 3784 and 3860, dated
December 27, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 
   *10.195 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2013, among Continental Airlines, Inc. and United Air Lines, Inc., as
 co-borrowers,  United Continental Holdings, Inc., as parent and a guarantor, the subsidiaries of United Continental Holdings, Inc. other than the  co-borrowers  party
thereto from time to time, as guarantors, the lenders party thereto from time to time, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL’s Form  8-K  filed March 28,
2013, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   *10.196 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 First Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the
quarter ended March 31, 2014, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   *10.197 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Second Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL’s Form  8-K  filed
September 19, 2014, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   *10.198 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Third Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to UAL’s Form  8-K  filed
September 19, 2014, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   *10.199 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 Fourth Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to UAL’s Form  10-Q  for the
quarter ended June 30, 2016, Commission file number  1-6033,  and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
   Computation of Ratios 
 
 
 
 
 
     12.1 
   
 UAL 
    
 United Continental Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiary Companies Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
 
 
 
 
 
     12.2 
   
 United 
    
 United Airlines, Inc. and Subsidiary Companies Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
   List of Subsidiaries 
 
 
 
 
 
     21 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 List of United Continental Holdings, Inc. and United Airlines, Inc. Subsidiaries 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
   Consents of Experts and Counsel 
 
 
 
 
 
     23.1 
   
 UAL 
    
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Ernst & Young LLP) for United Continental Holdings, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 
     23.2 
   
 United 
    
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Ernst & Young LLP) for United Airlines, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
Certifications 
 
 
 
 
 
     31.1 
   
 UAL 
    
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer of United Continental Holdings, Inc. pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002) 
      131
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
     31.2 
   
 UAL 
    
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer of United Continental Holdings, Inc. pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002) 
 
 
 
 
 
     31.3 
   
 United 
    
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer of United Airlines, Inc. pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002) 
 
 
 
 
 
     31.4 
   
 United 
    
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer of United Airlines, Inc. pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002) 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
   Section 1350 Certifications 
 
 
 
 
 
     32.1 
   
 UAL 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of United Continental Holdings, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002) 
 
 
 
 
 
     32.2 
   
 United 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of United Airlines, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002) 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
   Interactive Data File 
 
 
 
 
 
   101 
   
   UAL   United 
    
 The following materials from each of United Continental Holdings, Inc.’s and United Airlines, Inc.’s Annual Reports on Form  10-K 
for the year ended December 31, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Statements of Consolidated Operations, (ii) the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) the Consolidated
Balance Sheets, (iv) the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows, (v) the Statements of Consolidated Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) and (vi) the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
     
 
 
 * 
 Previously filed.  
 
 
 † 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10), United and Continental are permitted to omit certain
compensation-related exhibits from this report and therefore only UAL is identified as the registrant for purposes of those items.  
 
 
 ^ 
 Confidential portion of this exhibit has been omitted and filed separately with the SEC pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.  
      132
 

 
 
 
