
 10-K
 1
 a2227409z10-k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
 
 
 
 QuickLinks 
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

 

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

   


 
   

 UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549   

 FORM 10-K   

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

 For the fiscal year ended January 29, 2016   

  Commission file number: 001-11421   

 DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   TENNESSEE 
(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
   
  61-0502302 
(I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 
 
 
 

  100 MISSION RIDGE 
GOODLETTSVILLE, TN 37072 
(Address of principal executive offices, zip code)  

 Registrant's
telephone number, including area code:  (615) 855-4000 

          Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Title of each class  
   
 Name of the exchange on which registered  
 
 
 Common Stock, par value $0.875 per share 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
 
 


          Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None 

          Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes  ý     No  o   


          Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Act. Yes  o     No  ý   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes  ý     No  o   


          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes  ý     No  o   

          Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.  o   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Large accelerated filer  ý 
   
 Accelerated filer  o 
   
 Non-accelerated filer  o 
   
 Smaller reporting company  o 
 
 
 
  
           Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes  o     No  ý   

          The aggregate fair market value of the registrant's common stock outstanding and held by non-affiliates as of July 31, 2015 was $23.66 billion
calculated using the closing market price of our common stock as reported on the NYSE on such date ($80.37). For this purpose, directors, executive officers and greater than 10% record shareholders
are considered the affiliates of the registrant.  

          The
registrant had 286,468,872 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 15, 2016.  

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

          Certain of the information required in Part III of this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to the Registrant's definitive proxy statement to be
filed for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 25, 2016.  
      
 
   
 
  
   

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 
   
   
   INTRODUCTION          

 


 


General   

         This report contains references to years 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012, and 2011, which represent fiscal years ending or ended
February 3, 2017, January 29, 2016, January 30, 2015, January 31, 2014, February 1, 2013, and February 3, 2012, respectively. Our fiscal year ends on the
Friday closest to January 31. 2016 will consist and 2011 consisted of 53 weeks, while each of the remaining years listed were 52-week years. All of the discussion and analysis in this
report should be read with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes.  

         Solely
for convenience, our trademarks and tradenames may appear in this report without the ® or ™ symbol which is not intended to indicate
that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the right to these trademarks and tradenames.  

 


 


Cautionary Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   

         We include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws throughout this report, particularly under
the headings "Business," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and "Note 8—Commitments and Contingencies," among others. You can
identify these statements because they are not limited to historical fact or they use words such as "may," "will," "should," "could," "would," "believe," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "expect,"
"estimate," "forecast," "goal," "potential," "opportunity," "intend," "predict," "committed," "will likely result," or "will continue" and similar expressions that concern our strategy, plans,
intentions or beliefs about future occurrences or results. For example, all statements relating to our estimated and projected expenditures, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and
liquidity; our plans, objectives and expectations for future operations, growth or initiatives; or the expected outcome or effect of legislative or regulatory changes or initiatives, pending or
threatened litigation or audits are forward-looking statements.  

         All
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may change at any time, so our actual results may differ materially from those that we expected. We derive many
of these statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based on many detailed assumptions that we believe are reasonable. However, it is very difficult to predict the effect of known
factors, and we cannot anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results.  

         Important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements are disclosed under "Risk Factors" in
Part I, Item 1A and elsewhere in this document (including, without limitation, in conjunction with the forward-looking statements themselves and under the heading "Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates"). All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by these and other cautionary statements that we make from time to time in our other SEC filings and public
communications. You should evaluate such statements in the context of these risks and uncertainties. These factors may not contain all of the factors that are important to you. We cannot assure you
that we will realize the results or developments we anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect us in the way we expect. Forward-looking
statements are made only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except
as otherwise required by law.  

 1 

 
 
 
   
   
   
   PART I          

   
       ITEM 1.    BUSINESS          


 


 


General   

         We are among the largest discount retailers in the United States by number of stores, with 12,575 stores located in 43 states as
of February 26, 2016, with the greatest concentration of stores in the southern, southwestern, midwestern and eastern United States. We offer a broad selection of merchandise, including
consumables, seasonal, home products and apparel. Our merchandise includes high quality national brands from leading manufacturers, as well as comparable quality private brand selections with prices
at substantial discounts to national brands. We offer our merchandise at everyday low prices through our convenient small-box locations.  

 


 


Our History   

         J.L. Turner founded our Company in 1939 as J.L. Turner and Son, Wholesale. We were incorporated as a Kentucky corporation under the
name J.L. Turner & Son, Inc. in 1955, when we opened our first Dollar General store. We changed our name to Dollar General Corporation in 1968 and reincorporated in 1998 as a Tennessee
corporation. Our common stock was publicly traded from 1968 until July 2007, when we merged with an entity controlled by investment funds affiliated with Kohlberg Kravis
Roberts & Co. L.P., or KKR. In November 2009 our common stock again became publicly traded, and in December 2013 the entity controlled by investment funds affiliated with KKR sold
its remaining shares of our common stock.  

 


 


Our Business Model   

         Our long history of profitable growth is founded on a commitment to a relatively simple business model: providing a broad base of
customers with their basic everyday and household needs, supplemented with a variety of general merchandise items, at everyday low prices in conveniently located, small-box stores. We continually
evaluate the needs and demands of our customers and modify our merchandise selections and pricing accordingly, while remaining focused on increasing profitability and returns for our shareholders.  

         Our
operating priorities are summarized as follows: 1) driving profitable sales growth, 2) capturing growth opportunities, 3) enhancing our position as a low-cost
operator, and 4) investing in our people as a competitive advantage. For more information on these operating priorities, see Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations, under the heading "Executive Overview", included in Part II, Item 7 of this report.  


         In
fiscal year 2015, we achieved our 26 th  consecutive year of same-store sales growth. This growth, which has taken place in a variety of economic conditions,
suggests that we have a less cyclical business model than most retailers and, we believe, is a result of our compelling value and convenience proposition.  

          Compelling Value and Convenience Proposition.     Our ability to deliver highly competitive prices in convenient locations and our
easy "in and out"
shopping format create a compelling shopping experience that distinguishes us from other discount retailers as well as convenience, drug and grocery retailers. Our slogan "Save time. Save money. Every
day!" summarizes our appeal to customers. We believe our ability to effectively deliver both value and convenience allows us to succeed in small markets with limited shopping alternatives, as well as
to profitably coexist alongside larger retailers in  

 2 

 
 
 
   

 more
competitive markets. Our value and convenience proposition is evidenced by the following attributes of our business model:  

 
 
 •  Convenient Locations.   Our stores are conveniently located
in a variety of rural, suburban and urban communities. We seek to locate our stores in close proximity to our customers, which drives customer loyalty and trip frequency and makes us an attractive
alternative to large discount and other large-box retail and grocery stores.     
 •  Time-Saving Shopping Experience.   We also provide
customers with a highly convenient, easy to navigate shopping experience. Our small box stores are easy to get in and out of quickly. Our product offering includes most necessities, such as basic
packaged and refrigerated food and dairy products, cleaning supplies, paper products, health and beauty care items, greeting cards, basic apparel, housewares, hardware and automotive supplies, among
others. Our convenient hours and broad merchandise offering allow our customers to fulfill their routine shopping requirements and minimize their need to shop elsewhere.     
 •  Everyday Low Prices on Quality Merchandise.   Our research
indicates that we offer a price advantage over most food and drug retailers and that our prices are highly competitive with even the largest discount retailers. Our ability to offer everyday low
prices on quality merchandise is supported by our low-cost operating structure and our strategy to maintain a limited number of items per merchandise category, which we believe helps us maintain
strong purchasing power. We offer quality nationally advertised brands at these everyday low prices in addition to offering our own comparable quality private brands at value prices.  
 

          Substantial Growth Opportunities.     We believe we have substantial long-term growth potential in the U.S. We have identified
significant opportunities
to add new stores in both existing and new markets. In addition, we have opportunities to relocate or remodel locations within our existing store base to better serve our customers. Our attractive
store economics, including a relatively low initial investment and simple, low-cost operating model have allowed us to grow our store base to current levels and provide us significant opportunities to
continue our profitable store growth strategy.  

 


 


Our Merchandise   

         We offer a focused assortment of everyday necessities, which drive frequent customer visits, and key items in a broad range of general
merchandise categories. Our product assortment provides the opportunity for our customers to address most of their basic shopping
needs with one trip. We sell high-quality nationally advertised brands from leading manufacturers. Additionally, our private brand consumables offer even greater value with options to purchase value
items and national brand equivalent products at substantial discounts to the national brand.  


         Consumables
is our largest merchandise category and has become a larger percentage of our total sales in recent years as indicated in the table below. Consumables include paper and
cleaning products (such as paper towels, bath tissue, paper dinnerware, trash and storage bags, laundry and other home cleaning supplies); packaged food (such as cereals, canned soups and vegetables,
condiments, spices, sugar and flour); perishables (such as milk, eggs, bread, frozen meals, beer and wine); snacks (such as candy, cookies, crackers, salty snacks and carbonated beverages); health and
beauty (such as over-the-counter medicines and personal care products, such as soap, body wash, shampoo, dental hygiene and foot care products); pet (such as pet supplies and pet food); and tobacco
products.  

         Seasonal
products include decorations, toys, batteries, small electronics, greeting cards, stationery, prepaid phones and accessories, gardening supplies, hardware, automotive and home
office supplies.  

         Home
products include kitchen supplies, cookware, small appliances, light bulbs, storage containers, frames, candles, craft supplies and kitchen, bed and bath soft goods.  

 3 

 
 
 
   

         Apparel
includes casual everyday apparel for infants, toddlers, girls, boys, women and men, as well as socks, underwear, disposable diapers, shoes and accessories.  

         The
percentage of net sales of each of our four categories of merchandise for the fiscal years indicated below was as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Consumables 
   
   
 75.9 
 % 
   
 75.7 
 % 
   
 75.2 
 % 
 
 
   Seasonal 
   
   
 12.4 
 % 
   
 12.4 
 % 
   
 12.9 
 % 
 
 
   Home products 
   
   
 6.3 
 % 
   
 6.4 
 % 
   
 6.4 
 % 
 
 
   Apparel 
   
   
 5.4 
 % 
   
 5.5 
 % 
   
 5.5 
 % 
 
 
 
  
          Our
seasonal and home products categories typically account for the highest gross profit margins, and the consumables category typically accounts for the lowest gross profit margin.  

 


 


The Dollar General Store   

         The typical Dollar General store is operated by a store manager, one or more assistant store managers, and three or more sales
associates. Our stores generally feature a low-cost, no frills building with limited maintenance capital, low operating costs, and a focused merchandise offering within a broad range of categories,
allowing us to deliver low retail prices while generating strong cash flows and investment returns. Our stores average approximately 7,400 square feet of selling space and approximately 70% of our
stores are located in towns of 20,000 or fewer people. We generally have had good success in locating suitable store sites in the past, and we believe that there is ample opportunity for new store
growth in existing and new markets. In addition, we believe we have significant opportunities available for our relocation and remodel programs.  

         Our
store growth over the past three years is summarized in the following table:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Year

 

  
   
 Stores at 
Beginning 
of Year  
   
 Stores 
Opened  
   
 Stores 
Closed  
   
 Net 
Store 
Increase  
   
 Stores at 
End of Year  
   
 
 
 2013 
   
   
 10,506 
   
   
 650 
   
   
 24 
   
   
 626 
   
   
 11,132 
   
 
 
 2014 
   
   
 11,132 
   
   
 700 
   
   
 43 
   
   
 657 
   
   
 11,789 
   
 
 
 2015 
   
   
 11,789 
   
   
 730 
   
   
 36 
   
   
 694 
   
   
 12,483 
   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Our Customers   

         Our customers seek value and convenience. Depending on their financial situation and geographic proximity, customers' reliance on
Dollar General varies from fill-in shopping, to making periodic trips to stock up on household items, to making weekly or more frequent trips to meet most essential needs. We generally locate our
stores and plan our merchandise selections to best
serve the needs of our core customers, the low and fixed income households often underserved by other retailers, and we are focused on helping them make the most of their spending dollars. At the same
time, however, loyal Dollar General shoppers from a wide range of income brackets and life stages appreciate our quality merchandise as well as our attractive value and convenience proposition.  

 


 


Our Suppliers   

         We purchase merchandise from a wide variety of suppliers and maintain direct buying relationships with many producers of national brand
merchandise. Despite our broad offering, we maintain only a limited number of items per category, giving us a pricing advantage in dealing with our suppliers. Our largest and second largest suppliers
each accounted for approximately 7% of our purchases in 2015.  

 4 

 
 
 
   

 Our
private brands come from a diversified supplier base. We directly imported approximately 6% of our purchases at cost in 2015.  

         We
have consistently managed to obtain sufficient quantities of core merchandise and believe that, if one or more of our current sources of supply became unavailable, we would generally
be able to obtain alternative sources without experiencing a substantial disruption of our business. However, such alternative sources could increase our merchandise costs or reduce the quality of our
merchandise, and an inability to obtain alternative sources could adversely affect our sales.  

 


 


Distribution and Transportation   

         Our stores are currently supported by thirteen distribution centers located strategically throughout our geographic footprint. We
recently broke ground on our fourteenth distribution center in Wisconsin. We lease additional temporary warehouse space as necessary to support our distribution needs. We continually analyze and
rebalance the network to ensure that it remains efficient and provides the service our stores require. See "—Properties" for additional information pertaining to our distribution centers.  

         Most
of our merchandise flows through our distribution centers and is delivered to our stores by third-party trucking firms, utilizing our trailers. In addition, vendors or third-party
distributors ship certain food items and other merchandise directly to our stores.  

 


 


Seasonality   

         Our business is seasonal to a certain extent. Generally, our highest sales volume occurs in the fourth quarter, which includes the
Christmas selling season, and the lowest occurs in the first quarter. In addition, our quarterly results can be affected by the timing of certain holidays, the timing of new store openings and store
closings, and the amount of sales contributed by new and existing stores. We typically purchase substantial amounts of inventory in the third quarter and incur higher shipping and payroll costs in
anticipation of increased sales activity during the fourth quarter. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.  

 


 


Our Competition   

         We operate in the basic discount consumer goods market, which is highly competitive with respect to price, store location, merchandise
quality, assortment and presentation, in-stock consistency, and customer service. We compete with discount stores and with many other retailers, including mass merchandise, warehouse club, grocery,
drug, convenience, variety and other specialty stores. These other retail companies operate stores in many of the areas where we operate, and many of them engage in extensive advertising and marketing
efforts. Our direct competitors include Family Dollar, Dollar Tree, Fred's, 99 Cents Only and various local, independent operators, as well as Walmart, Target, Kroger, Aldi, Walgreens, CVS, and Rite
Aid, among others. Certain of our competitors have greater financial, distribution, marketing and other resources than we do.  

         We
differentiate ourselves from other forms of retailing by offering consistently low prices in a convenient, small-store format. We believe that our prices are competitive due in part
to our low-cost operating structure and the relatively limited assortment of products offered. Purchasing large volumes of merchandise within our focused assortment in each merchandise category allows
us to keep our average costs low, contributing to our ability to offer competitive everyday low prices to our customers. See "—Our Business Model" above for further discussion of our
competitive situation.  

 5 

 
 
 
   


 


 


Our Employees   

         As of February 26, 2016, we employed approximately 113,400 full-time and part-time employees, including divisional and regional
managers, district managers, store managers, other store personnel and distribution center and administrative personnel. We have increasingly focused on recruiting, training, motivating and retaining
employees, and we believe that the quality, performance and morale of our employees have increased as a result. We currently are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements.  


 


 


Our Trademarks   

         We own marks that are registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and are protected under applicable intellectual
property laws, including without limitation the trademarks Dollar General®, Dollar General Market®, Clover Valley®, DG®, DG Deals®, Forever
Pals®, I*Magine®, OT Sport®, Smart & Simple®, trueliving®, Sweet Smiles®, Open Trails®, Bobbie
Brooks®, Comfort Bay®, Holiday Style®, Swiggles®, More Deals For Your Dollar. Every Day!®, The Fast Way To Save®, Save Time.
Save Money. Every Day!®, and Ever Pet TM  along with variations and formatives of these trademarks as well as certain other trademarks. We attempt to obtain registration of our
trademarks whenever practicable and to pursue vigorously any infringement of those marks. Our trademark registrations have various expiration dates; however, assuming that the trademark registrations
are properly renewed, they have a perpetual duration.  

         We
also hold an exclusive license to the Rexall brand through March 5, 2020.  

 


 


Available Information   

         Our Internet website address is www.dollargeneral.com. We file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC")
annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, proxy statements and annual reports to shareholders,
and, from time to time, registration statements and other documents. These documents are available free of charge to investors on or through the Investor Information section of our website as soon as
reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with or furnish them to the SEC. In addition, the public may read and copy any of the materials we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public
Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains
an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, such as Dollar General, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that
website is http://www.sec.gov.  

 6 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

   
       ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS          

         You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information contained in this report and other filings that we
make from time to time with the SEC, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations or liquidity. These risks are not the only risks we face. Our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity could also be adversely affected by
additional factors that apply to all companies generally or by risks not currently known to us or that we currently view to be immaterial. We can provide no assurance and make no representation that
our risk mitigation efforts, although we believe they are reasonable, will be successful.  

         


 


Economic conditions and other economic factors may adversely affect our financial performance and
other aspects of our business by negatively impacting our customers' disposable income or discretionary spending, increasing our costs of goods sold and selling, general and administrative expenses,
and adversely affecting our sales or profitability.   

         We believe many of our customers have fixed or low incomes and generally have limited discretionary spending dollars. Any factor that
could adversely affect that
disposable income would decrease our customers' spending and could cause our customers to shift their spending to products other than those sold by us or to our less profitable product choices, all of
which could result in lower net sales, decreases in inventory turnover, greater markdowns on inventory, a change in the mix of products we sell, and a reduction in profitability due to lower margins.
Factors that could reduce our customers' disposable income and over which we exercise no influence include but are not limited to adverse economic conditions such as increased or sustained high
unemployment or underemployment levels, inflation, increases in fuel or other energy costs and interest rates, lack of available credit, consumer debt levels, higher tax rates and other changes in tax
laws, concerns over government mandated participation in health insurance programs and increasing healthcare costs, and decreases in government subsidies such as unemployment and food assistance
programs.  

         Many
of the factors identified above that affect disposable income, as well as commodity rates, transportation costs (including the costs of diesel fuel), costs of labor, insurance and
healthcare, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, lease costs, measures that create barriers to or increase the costs associated with international trade, changes in other laws and regulations and other
economic factors, also affect our cost of goods sold and our selling, general and administrative expenses, and may have other adverse consequences which we are unable to fully anticipate or control,
all of which may adversely affect our sales or profitability. We have limited or no ability to control many of these factors.  


         


 


Our plans depend significantly on strategies and initiatives designed to increase sales and improve
the efficiencies, costs and effectiveness of our operations, and failure to achieve or sustain these plans could affect our performance adversely.   

         We have strategies and initiatives (such as those relating to merchandising, sourcing, shrink, private brand, distribution and
transportation, store operations, store formats, budgeting and expense reduction, and real estate) in various stages of testing, evaluation, and implementation, upon which we expect to rely to
continue to improve our results of operations and financial condition and to achieve our financial plans. These initiatives are inherently risky and uncertain, even when tested successfully, in their
application to our business in general. It is possible that successful testing can result partially from resources and attention that cannot be duplicated in broader implementation, particularly in
light of the diverse geographic locations of our stores and the decentralized nature of our field management. General implementation also may be negatively affected by other risk factors described
herein. Successful systemwide implementation relies on consistency of training, stability of workforce, ease of execution, and the absence of offsetting factors that can influence results adversely.
Failure to achieve  

 7 

 
 
 
   

 successful
implementation of our initiatives or the cost of these initiatives exceeding management's estimates could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.  

         The
success of our merchandising initiatives, particularly those with respect to non-consumable merchandise and store-specific products and allocations, depends in part upon our ability
to predict consistently and successfully the products that our customers will demand and to identify and timely respond to evolving trends in demographics and consumer preferences, expectations and
needs. If we are unable to select products that are attractive to customers, to timely obtain such products at costs that allow us to sell them at an acceptable profit, or to effectively market such
products, our sales, market share and profitability could be adversely affected. If our merchandising efforts in the non-consumables area or the higher margin areas within consumables are
unsuccessful, we could be further adversely affected by our inability to offset the lower margins associated with our consumables business. Further, our merchandising efforts in the consumables area,
including tobacco products, may not generate the net sales growth and increase customer traffic to the levels needed to offset the lower margins generated by sales of consumables and maintain our
targeted gross profit margins.  

         


 


If we cannot open, relocate or remodel stores profitably and on schedule, our planned future growth
will be impeded, which would adversely affect sales.   

         Our ability to open, relocate and remodel profitable stores is a key component of our planned future growth. Our ability to timely open
stores and to expand into additional market areas depends in part on the following factors: the availability of attractive store locations; the absence of entitlement process or occupancy delays; the
ability to negotiate acceptable lease and development terms; the ability to hire and train new personnel, especially store managers, in a cost effective manner; the ability to identify customer demand
in different geographic areas; general economic conditions; and the availability of capital funding for expansion. Many of these factors also affect our ability to successfully relocate stores, and
many of them are beyond our control.  

         Delays
or failures in opening new stores or completing relocations or remodels, or achieving lower than expected sales in these projects, could materially adversely affect our growth
and/or profitability. We also may not anticipate all of the challenges imposed by the expansion of our operations and, as a result, may not meet our targets for opening new stores, remodeling or
relocating stores or expanding profitably.  

         Some
new stores and future new store opportunities may be located in areas, including but not limited to new states or metro urban areas, where we have limited or no meaningful
experience or brand recognition. Those areas may have different competitive and market conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns than our existing markets, as well as higher cost
of entry. These factors may cause our new stores to be initially less successful than stores in our existing markets, which could slow future growth in these areas.  

         Many
new stores will be located in areas where we have existing stores. Although we have experience in these areas, increasing the number of locations in these markets may result in
inadvertent
oversaturation and temporarily or permanently divert customers and sales from our existing stores, thereby adversely affecting our overall financial performance.  


         


 


Our profitability may be negatively affected by inventory shrinkage.   

         We are subject to the risk of inventory loss and theft. We experience significant inventory shrinkage and cannot be sure that
incidences of inventory loss and theft will decrease in the future or that the measures we are taking will effectively reduce the problem of inventory shrinkage. Although some level of inventory
shrinkage is an unavoidable cost of doing business, if we were to experience higher rates of inventory shrinkage or incur increased security or other costs to combat inventory theft, our results of
operations and financial condition could be affected adversely.  

 8 

 
 
 
   

         


 


We face intense competition that could limit our growth opportunities and adversely impact our
financial performance.   

         The retail business is highly competitive with respect to price, store location, merchandise quality, assortment and presentation,
in-stock consistency, customer service, aggressive promotional activity, customers, and employees. We compete with discount stores and with many other retailers, including mass merchandise, warehouse
club, grocery, drug, convenience, variety and other specialty stores. This competitive environment subjects us to the risk of adverse impact to our financial performance because of the lower prices,
and thus the lower margins, that may be required to maintain our competitive position. Also, companies like ours, due to customer demographics and other factors, may have limited ability to increase
prices in response to increased costs without losing competitive position. This limitation may adversely affect our margins and financial performance. Certain of our competitors have greater
financial, distribution, marketing and other resources than we do and may be able to secure better arrangements with suppliers than we can. If we fail to respond effectively to competitive pressures
and changes in the retail markets, it could adversely affect our financial performance.  

         Competition
for customers has intensified as competitors have moved into, or increased their presence in, our geographic markets and from the use of mobile and web-based technology that
facilitates online shopping and real-time product and price comparisons. We expect this competition to continue to
increase. We remain vulnerable to the marketing power and high level of consumer recognition of larger competitors and to the risk that these competitors or others could venture into our industry in a
significant way, including through the introduction of new store formats. Further, consolidation within the discount retail industry could significantly alter the competitive dynamics of the retail
marketplace. This consolidation may result in competitors with greatly improved financial resources, improved access to merchandise, greater market penetration and other improvements in their
competitive positions, as well as result in the provision of a wider variety of products and services at competitive prices by these consolidated companies, which could adversely affect our financial
performance.  

         


 


Our private brands may not maintain broad market acceptance and may increase the risks we face.   

         The sale of private brand items is an important component of our sales growth and gross profit rate enhancement plans. We have invested
in our development and procurement resources and marketing efforts relating to these private brand offerings. We believe that our success in maintaining broad market acceptance of our private brands
depends on many factors, including pricing, our costs, quality and customer perception. We may not achieve or maintain our expected sales for our private brands. The sale and expansion of our private
brand offerings also subjects us to certain risks, such as: potential product liability risks and mandatory or voluntary product recalls; our ability to successfully protect our proprietary rights and
successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties; our ability to successfully administer and comply with applicable contractual obligations and legal and
regulatory requirements; and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, sell and market exclusive branded offerings for retail. An increase in sales of our private brands may also
adversely affect sales of our vendors' products, which, in turn, could adversely affect our relationship with certain of our vendors. Any failure to appropriately address some or all of these risks
could have a significant adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  

         


 


A significant disruption to our distribution network, to the capacity of our distribution centers or
to the timely receipt of inventory could adversely impact sales or increase our transportation costs, which would decrease our profits.   

         We rely on our distribution and transportation network to provide goods to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. Using
various modes of transportation, including ocean, rail, and truck, we and our vendors move goods from vendor locations to our distribution centers. Deliveries to our stores occur from our distribution
centers or directly from our vendors. Any disruption, unanticipated or  

 9 

 
 
 
   

 unusual
expense or operational failure related to this process could affect store operations negatively. For example, delivery delays or increases in transportation costs (including through increased
fuel costs, increased carrier rates or driver wages as a result of driver shortages, a decrease in transportation capacity for overseas shipments, or work stoppages or slowdowns) could significantly
decrease our ability to make sales and earn profits. Labor shortages or work stoppages in the transportation industry or long-term disruptions to the national and international transportation
infrastructure that lead to delays or interruptions of deliveries or which would necessitate our securing alternative labor or shipping suppliers could also increase our costs or otherwise negatively
affect our business.  

         We
maintain a network of distribution facilities and are moving forward with plans to build new facilities to support our growth objectives. Delays in opening distribution centers could
adversely affect our future financial performance by slowing store growth, which may in turn reduce revenue growth, or by increasing transportation costs. In addition, distribution-related
construction or expansion projects entail risks that could cause delays and cost overruns, such as: shortages of materials or skilled labor; work stoppages; unforeseen construction, scheduling,
engineering, environmental or geological problems; weather interference; fires or other casualty losses; and unanticipated cost increases. The completion date and ultimate cost of these projects could
differ significantly from initial expectations due to construction-related or other reasons. We cannot guarantee that any project will be completed on time or within established budgets.  

         


 


Risks associated with or faced by our suppliers could adversely affect our financial performance.   

         The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers, and we are dependent on our vendors to
supply merchandise in a timely and efficient manner. In 2015, our largest and second largest suppliers each accounted for 7% of our purchases. We have not experienced any difficulty in obtaining
sufficient quantities of core merchandise and believe that, if one or more of our current sources of supply became unavailable, we would generally be able to obtain alternative sources without
experiencing a substantial disruption of our business. However, such alternative sources could increase our merchandise costs, result in a temporary reduction in store inventory levels, and reduce the
quality of our merchandise, and an inability to obtain alternative sources could adversely affect our sales. Additionally, if a supplier fails to deliver on its commitments, whether due to financial
difficulties or other reasons, we could experience merchandise out-of-stocks that could lead to lost sales and damage to our reputation.  

         We
directly imported approximately 6% of our purchases (measured at cost) in 2015, but many of our domestic vendors directly import their products or components of their products.
Changes to the prices and flow of these goods for any reason, such as political unrest or acts of war, currency fluctuations, disruptions in maritime lanes, port labor disputes, and economic
conditions and instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers' failure
to meet our standards, issues with labor practices of our suppliers or labor problems they may experience (such as strikes, stoppages or slowdowns, which could also increase labor costs during and
following the disruption), the availability and cost of raw materials to suppliers, increased import duties, merchandise quality or safety issues, transport availability and cost, increases in wage
rates and taxes, transport security, inflation, and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located or from which they import, are beyond our control and could
adversely affect our operations and profitability. While we are working to reduce our dependency on goods produced in China, a substantial amount of our imported merchandise still comes from China,
and thus, a change in the Chinese leadership, economic and market conditions, internal economic stimulus actions, or currency or other policies, as well as increases in costs of labor and wage taxes,
could negatively impact our merchandise costs. In addition, the United States' foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries,
the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and  

 10 

 
 
 
   

 other
factors relating to foreign trade and port labor agreements are beyond our control. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our business
and financial performance. As we increase our imports of merchandise from foreign vendors, the risks associated with these imports also will increase, and we may be exposed to additional or different
risks as we increase imports of goods produced in countries other than China.  

         


 


Product liability and food safety claims could adversely affect our business, reputation and
financial performance.   

         Despite our best efforts to ensure the quality, safety and freshness of the products that we sell in all of our stores, we may be
subject to product liability claims from customers or actions required or penalties assessed by government agencies relating to products, including but not limited to food products that are recalled,
defective or otherwise alleged to be harmful. Such claims may result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects,
substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, storage, handling and transportation phases.  

         All
of our vendors and their products must comply with applicable product and food safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all applicable
safety standards. We seek but may not be successful in obtaining contractual indemnification and insurance coverage from our suppliers. If we do not have adequate contractual indemnification or
insurance available, such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to obtain indemnification from foreign suppliers may
be hindered by the manufacturers' lack of understanding of U.S. product liability or other laws, which may result in our having to respond to claims or complaints from customers as if we were the
manufacturer. Even
with adequate insurance and indemnification, such claims could significantly damage our reputation and consumer confidence in our products. Our litigation expenses could increase as well, which also
could have a materially negative impact on our results of operations even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued.  


         


 


We are subject to governmental regulations, procedures and requirements. A significant change in, or
noncompliance with, these regulations could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance.   

         Our business is subject to numerous and increasing federal, state and local laws and regulations. We routinely incur significant costs
in complying with these regulations. The complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the related cost of compliance are increasing due to expanding and additional legal and
regulatory requirements and increased enforcement efforts. New laws or regulations, particularly those dealing with environmental compliance, product safety, food safety, information security and
privacy, and labor and employment, among others, or changes in existing laws and regulations, particularly those governing the sale of products or employee wages, may result in significant added
expenses or may require extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to implement and/or could materially increase our cost of doing business. Untimely compliance or noncompliance with
applicable regulations or untimely or incomplete execution of a required product recall, can result in the imposition of penalties, including loss of licenses or significant fines or monetary
penalties, class action litigation or other litigation, in addition to reputational damage. Additionally, changes in tax laws, the interpretation of existing laws, or our failure to sustain our
reporting positions on examination could adversely affect our effective tax rate.  

         


 


Litigation may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.   

         Our business is subject to the risk of litigation by employees, consumers, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies
and others through private actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. Nationally, the number of employment-related class  

 11 

 
 
 
   

 actions
filed each year has continued to increase, and recent changes and proposed changes in federal and state laws, regulations and agency guidance may cause claims to rise even more. The outcome of
litigation, particularly class action lawsuits, regulatory actions and intellectual property claims, is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very
large or
indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to these lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In addition, certain of these lawsuits, if decided
adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability material to our financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are
required. The cost to defend future litigation may be significant. There also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation that could negatively affect customer perception of our business,
regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable. As a result, litigation may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. See
Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further details regarding certain of these pending matters.  

         



 


Natural disasters (whether or not caused by climate change), unusual weather conditions, pandemic
outbreaks, terrorist acts, and global political events could disrupt business and result in lower sales and otherwise adversely affect our financial performance.   

         The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, fires, floods, tornadoes and earthquakes, unusual weather
conditions, pandemic outbreaks, terrorist acts or disruptive global political events, such as civil unrest in countries in which our suppliers are located, or similar disruptions could adversely
affect our business and financial performance. Uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions can affect consumer shopping patterns, which could lead to lost sales or greater than expected
markdowns and adversely affect our short-term results of operations. To the extent these events result in the closure of one or more of our distribution centers, a significant number of stores, or our
corporate headquarters or impact one or more of our key suppliers, our operations and financial performance could be materially adversely affected through an inability to make deliveries or provide
other support functions to our stores and through lost sales. In addition, these events could result in increases in fuel (or other energy) prices or a fuel shortage, delays in opening new stores, the
temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some domestic and overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the
transport of goods from overseas, delay in the delivery of goods to our distribution centers or stores, the inability of customers to reach or have transportation to our stores directly affected by
such events, the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our stores and disruption of our utility services or to our information systems. These events also can have indirect
consequences such as increases in the costs of insurance if they result in significant loss of property or other insurable damage.  

         


 


Material damage or interruptions to our information systems as a result of external factors,
staffing shortages or challenges or difficulties in maintaining or updating our existing technology or developing or implementing new technology could have a material adverse effect on our business or
results of operations.   

         We depend on a variety of information technology systems for the efficient functioning of our business and are continually improving
our information processes and computer systems to better run our business. These technology initiatives may not deliver desired results or may do so on a delayed schedule. Additionally, such systems
are subject to damage or
interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, cybersecurity breaches, natural disasters and human error. Damage or interruption to these systems may
require a significant investment to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim, may experience loss or corruption of critical data and may receive negative
publicity, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.  

 12 

 
 
 
   

         We
also rely heavily on our information technology staff. Failure to meet these staffing needs may negatively affect our ability to fulfill our technology initiatives while continuing to
provide maintenance on existing systems. We rely on certain vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that they can continue to support our business. The software programs
supporting many of our systems were licensed to us by independent software developers. The inability of these developers or us to continue to maintain and upgrade these information systems and
software programs would disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations if we were unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner. In addition, costs and potential
problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems could also disrupt or reduce the
efficiency of our operations.  

         


 


Failure to attract, train and retain qualified employees while controlling labor costs, as well as
other labor issues, could adversely affect our financial performance.   

         Our future growth and performance and positive customer experience depends on our ability to attract, train, retain and motivate
qualified employees, many of whom are in positions with historically high rates of turnover. Our ability to meet our labor needs, while controlling our labor costs, is subject to many external
factors, including competition for and availability of qualified personnel in a given market, unemployment levels within those markets, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage laws, health and other
insurance costs, changes in employment and labor laws (including changes in the process for our employees to join a union) or other workplace regulations (including changes in "entitlement" programs
such as health insurance and paid leave programs), and our reputation and relevance within the labor market. If we are unable to attract and retain adequate numbers of qualified employees, our
operations, customer service levels and support functions could suffer. To the extent a significant portion of our employee base unionizes, or attempts to unionize, our labor costs could increase. In
addition, anticipated regulatory changes relating to the overtime exemptions under the Fair Labor Standards Act could result in increased labor costs to our business and negatively affect our
operating results if changes to our business operation are required. Our ability to pass along labor costs to our customers is constrained by our everyday low price model, and we may not be able to
offset the costs elsewhere in our business.  

         


 


Our success depends on our executive officers and other key personnel. If we lose key personnel or
are unable to hire additional qualified personnel, our business may be harmed.   

         Our future success depends to a significant degree on the skills, experience and efforts of our executive officers and other key
personnel. The unexpected loss of the services of any of our executive officers could have an adverse effect on our operations. There can be no assurance that our executive succession planning,
retention or hiring efforts will be successful. Competition for skilled and experienced management personnel is intense, and our future success will also depend on our ability to attract and retain
qualified personnel, and a failure to attract and retain new qualified personnel could have an adverse effect on our operations. We do not currently maintain key person life insurance policies with
respect to our executive officers or key personnel.  

         


 


Our cash flows from operations may be negatively affected if we are not successful in managing our
inventory balances.   

         Our inventory balance represented approximately 54% of our total assets exclusive of goodwill and other intangible assets as of
January 29, 2016. Efficient inventory management is a key component of our business success and profitability. To be successful, we must maintain sufficient inventory levels and an appropriate
product mix to meet our customers' demands without allowing those levels to increase to such an extent that the costs to store and hold the goods unduly impacts our financial results or that subjects
us to the risk of increased inventory shrinkage. If our buying decisions do not accurately  

 13 

 
 
 
   

 predict
customer trends, we inappropriately price products or our expectations about customer spending levels are inaccurate, we may have to take unanticipated markdowns to dispose of the excess
inventory, which also can adversely impact our financial results. We continue to focus on ways to reduce these risks, but we cannot make assurances that we will be successful in our inventory
management. If we are not successful in managing our inventory balances, our cash flows from operations may be negatively affected.  


         


 


Because our business is seasonal to a certain extent, with the highest volume of net sales during
the fourth quarter, adverse events during the fourth quarter could materially affect our financial statements as a whole.   

         We generally recognize our highest volume of net sales during the Christmas selling season, which occurs in the fourth quarter of our
fiscal year. In anticipation of this holiday, we purchase substantial amounts of seasonal inventory. Adverse events, such as deteriorating economic conditions, high unemployment, high gas prices,
public transportation disruptions, or unusual or unanticipated adverse weather could result in lower-than-planned sales during the holiday season. An excess of seasonal merchandise inventory could
result if our net sales during the Christmas selling season fall below seasonal norms or expectations. If our fourth quarter sales results were substantially below expectations, our financial
performance and operating results could be adversely affected by unanticipated markdowns, especially in seasonal merchandise.  

         


 


Our current insurance program may expose us to unexpected costs and negatively affect our financial
performance.   

         Our insurance coverage reflects deductibles, self-insured retentions, limits of liability and similar provisions that we believe are
prudent based on the dispersion of our operations. However, there are types of losses we may incur but against which we cannot be insured or which we believe are not economically reasonable to insure,
such as losses due to acts of war, employee and certain other crime, certain wage and hour and other employment-related claims, including class actions, and some natural disasters. If we incur these
losses and they are material, our business could suffer. Certain material events may result in sizable losses for the insurance industry and adversely impact the availability of adequate insurance
coverage or result in excessive premium increases. To offset negative insurance market trends, we may elect to self-insure, accept higher deductibles or reduce the amount of coverage in response to
these market changes. In addition, we self-insure a significant portion of expected losses under our workers' compensation, automobile liability, general liability and group health insurance programs.
Unanticipated changes in any applicable actuarial assumptions and management estimates underlying our recorded liabilities for these losses, including expected increases in medical and indemnity
costs, could result in materially different expenses than expected under these programs, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Although we
continue to maintain property insurance for catastrophic events at our store support center and distribution centers, we are effectively self-insured for other property losses. If we experience a
greater number of these losses than we anticipate, our financial performance could be adversely affected.  

         


 


Any failure to maintain the security of information we hold relating to our customers, employees and
vendors, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could expose us to litigation, government enforcement actions and costly response measures, and could materially disrupt our
operations and harm our reputation and sales.   

         In connection with sales, we transmit confidential credit and debit card information. We also have access to, collect or maintain
certain private or confidential information regarding our customers, employees and vendors, as well as our business. Additionally, under certain circumstances, we may  

 14 

 
 
 
   

 share
information with vendors that assist us in conducting our business (for example, third-party vendors assist us in the transmittal of credit and debit card information in connection with sales),
as required by law, or with the permission of the individual. While we have implemented procedures and technology intended to protect and safeguard our information and require appropriate controls of
our vendors, it is possible that computer hackers and others might compromise our security measures or those of our technology and other vendors in the future and obtain the personal information of
our customers, employees and vendors that we hold or our business information, as cyberattacks are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated. Moreover, employee error or malfeasance or
other irregularities may result in a defeat of our or our third-party vendors' security measures and breach our or our third-party vendors' information systems.  

         Because
we accept debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards ("PCI DSS"), issued by the Payment Card Industry Security
Standards Council. PCI DSS contains compliance guidelines and standards with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing, and transmission of cardholder data.
Additionally, we have implemented technology in all of our stores to allow for the acceptance of Europay, Mastercard and Visa (EMV) credit transactions. Complying with PCI DSS standards and
implementing related procedures, technology and information security measures require significant resources and ongoing attention. However, even as we comply with PCI DSS standards and offer
EMV technology in our stores, we may be vulnerable to, and unable to detect and appropriately respond to, data security breaches and data loss, including cybersecurity attacks or other breach
of cardholder data.  

         A
security breach of any kind (whether experienced by us or one of our vendors), which could be undetected for a period of time, or any failure by us to comply with the applicable
privacy and information security laws, regulations and standards could expose us to risks of data loss, litigation, government enforcement actions, fines or penalties, and costly response measures
(including, for example, providing notification to, and credit monitoring services for, affected customers, as well as
further upgrades to our security measures) which may not be covered by or may exceed the coverage limits of our insurance policies, and could materially disrupt our operations. Any resulting negative
media attention and publicity could significantly harm our reputation which could cause us to lose market share as a result of customers discontinuing the use of debit or credit cards in our stores or
not shopping in our stores altogether and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance.  

         


 


Deterioration in market conditions or changes in our credit profile could adversely affect our
business operations and financial condition.   

         We rely on the positive cash flow we generate from our operating activities and our access to the credit and capital markets to fund
our operations, growth strategy, and return of cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Changes in the credit and capital markets, including market disruptions, limited
liquidity and interest rate fluctuations, may increase the cost of financing or restrict our access to these potential sources of future liquidity. Our continued access to these liquidity sources on
favorable terms depends on multiple factors, including our operating performance and our credit ratings. Our debt securities currently have an investment grade rating, and a downgrade of this rating
likely would negatively impact our access to the debt capital markets and increase our cost of borrowing. As a result, any disruptions or turmoil in the debt markets or any downgrade of our credit
ratings could adversely affect our business operations and financial condition and our ability to return cash to our shareholders. There can be no assurances that our ability to obtain additional
financing through the debt markets will not be adversely impacted by economic conditions or that we will be able to maintain or improve our current credit ratings.  

 15 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

         


 


New accounting guidance or changes in the interpretation or application of existing accounting
guidance could adversely affect our financial performance.   

         The implementation of new accounting standards will require extensive systems, internal process and other changes that could increase
our operating costs, and also will result in changes to our financial statements. In particular, the implementation of accounting standards related to leases, as recently issued by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board are expected to require us to make significant changes to our lease management, fixed asset, and other accounting systems, and will result in significant changes to our
financial statements.  

         U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are
relevant to our business involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates
or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance. The outcome of such changes could include litigation or regulatory actions which could have an
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.   

   
       ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS          

         None.   

   
       ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES          

         As of February 26, 2016, we operated 12,575 retail stores located in 43 states as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 State

 

  
   
 Number of Stores  
   
 State

 

  
   
 Number of Stores  
   
 
 
   Alabama 
   
   
 658 
   
   Nebraska 
   
   
 99 
   
 
 
   Arizona 
   
   
 89 
   
   Nevada 
   
   
 24 
   
 
 
   Arkansas 
   
   
 365 
   
   New Hampshire 
   
   
 17 
   
 
 
   California 
   
   
 170 
   
   New Jersey 
   
   
 87 
   
 
 
   Colorado 
   
   
 30 
   
   New Mexico 
   
   
 84 
   
 
 
   Connecticut 
   
   
 29 
   
   New York 
   
   
 337 
   
 
 
   Delaware 
   
   
 42 
   
   North Carolina 
   
   
 674 
   
 
 
   Florida 
   
   
 738 
   
   Ohio 
   
   
 659 
   
 
 
   Georgia 
   
   
 711 
   
   Oklahoma 
   
   
 391 
   
 
 
   Illinois 
   
   
 454 
   
   Oregon 
   
   
 7 
   
 
 
   Indiana 
   
   
 434 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
   
 556 
   
 
 
   Iowa 
   
   
 189 
   
   Rhode Island 
   
   
 4 
   
 
 
   Kansas 
   
   
 210 
   
   South Carolina 
   
   
 457 
   
 
 
   Kentucky 
   
   
 458 
   
   South Dakota 
   
   
 26 
   
 
 
   Louisiana 
   
   
 494 
   
   Tennessee 
   
   
 655 
   
 
 
   Maine 
   
   
 14 
   
   Texas 
   
   
 1,301 
   
 
 
   Maryland 
   
   
 113 
   
   Utah 
   
   
 7 
   
 
 
   Massachusetts 
   
   
 22 
   
   Vermont 
   
   
 30 
   
 
 
   Michigan 
   
   
 356 
   
   Virginia 
   
   
 336 
   
 
 
   Minnesota 
   
   
 73 
   
   West Virginia 
   
   
 199 
   
 
 
   Mississippi 
   
   
 414 
   
   Wisconsin 
   
   
 126 
   
 
 
   Missouri 
   
   
 436 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Most
of our stores are located in leased premises. Individual store leases vary as to their terms, rental provisions and expiration dates. Many stores are subject to build-to-suit
arrangements with landlords, which typically carry a primary lease term of up to 15 years with multiple renewal options.  

 16 

 
 
 
   

 We
also have stores subject to shorter-term leases and many of these leases have renewal options. A significant portion of our new stores are subject to build-to-suit arrangements.  

         As
of February 26, 2016, we operated thirteen distribution centers, as described in the following table:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Location


 

  
   
 Year 
Opened  
   
 Approximate Square 
Footage  
   
 Number of 
Stores Served  
   
 
 
   Scottsville, KY 
   
   
 1959 
   
   
 720,000 
   
   
 786 
   
 
 
   Ardmore, OK 
   
   
 1994 
   
   
 1,310,000 
   
   
 1,442 
   
 
 
   South Boston, VA 
   
   
 1997 
   
   
 1,250,000 
   
   
 922 
   
 
 
   Indianola, MS 
   
   
 1998 
   
   
 820,000 
   
   
 934 
   
 
 
   Fulton, MO 
   
   
 1999 
   
   
 1,150,000 
   
   
 1,256 
   
 
 
   Alachua, FL 
   
   
 2000 
   
   
 980,000 
   
   
 1,012 
   
 
 
   Zanesville, OH 
   
   
 2001 
   
   
 1,170,000 
   
   
 1,161 
   
 
 
   Jonesville, SC 
   
   
 2005 
   
   
 1,120,000 
   
   
 1,141 
   
 
 
   Marion, IN 
   
   
 2006 
   
   
 1,110,000 
   
   
 1,267 
   
 
 
   Bessemer, AL 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 940,000 
   
   
 1,160 
   
 
 
   Lebec, CA 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 600,000 
   
   
 321 
   
 
 
   Bethel, PA 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 1,000,000 
   
   
 872 
   
 
 
   San Antonio, TX 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 920,000 
   
   
 301 
   
 
 
 
  
          We
lease the distribution centers located in California, Oklahoma, Mississippi and Missouri and own the remaining distribution centers in the table above. Approximately 7.25 acres of the
land on which our Kentucky distribution center is located is subject to a ground lease. As of January 29, 2016, we leased approximately 745,000 square feet of additional temporary warehouse
space to support our distribution needs.  

         Our
executive offices are located in approximately 302,000 square feet of owned buildings and approximately 56,000 square feet of leased office space in Goodlettsville, Tennessee.  

   
       ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS          

         The information contained in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements under the heading "Legal proceedings" contained in
Part II, Item 8 of this report is incorporated herein by this reference.   

   
       ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES          

         None.  

 17 

 
 
 
   

 



 


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT   

         Information regarding our current executive officers as of March 15, 2016 is set forth below. Each of our executive officers
serves at the discretion of our Board of Directors and is elected annually by the Board to serve until a successor is duly elected. There are no familial relationships between any of our directors or
executive officers.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Name

 

  
   
 Age  
   
 Position  
 
 
   Todd J. Vasos 
   
   
 54 
   
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 
   John W. Garratt 
   
   
 47 
   
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
   John W. Flanigan 
   
   
 64 
   
 Executive Vice President, Global Supply Chain 
 
 
   Jeffery C. Owen 
   
   
 46 
   
 Executive Vice President, Store Operations 
 
 
   Robert D. Ravener 
   
   
 57 
   
 Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer 
 
 
   Rhonda M. Taylor 
   
   
 48 
   
 Executive Vice President and General Counsel 
 
 
   James W. Thorpe 
   
   
 57 
   
 Executive Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer 
 
 
   Anita C. Elliott 
   
   
 51 
   
 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 
 
  
           Mr. Vasos  has served as Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board since June 3, 2015. He joined Dollar General in
December 2008 as Executive Vice President, Division President and Chief Merchandising Officer. He was promoted to Chief Operating Officer in November 2013. Prior to
joining Dollar General, Mr. Vasos served in executive positions with Longs Drug Stores Corporation for 7 years, including Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (February
2008 through November 2008) and Senior Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer (2001 - 2008), where he was responsible for all pharmacy and front-end marketing, merchandising,
procurement, supply chain, advertising, store development, store layout and space allocation, and the operation of three distribution centers. He also previously served in leadership positions at
Phar-Mor Food and Drug Inc. and Eckerd Corporation.  

          Mr. Garratt  has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since December 2, 2015. He joined Dollar
General in October 2014 as Senior Vice President, Finance & Strategy and subsequently served as Interim Chief Financial Officer from July 2015 to December 2015. Prior to joining Dollar General,
Mr. Garratt held various positions of increasing responsibility with Yum! Brands, Inc., one of the world's largest restaurant companies, between May 2004 and October 2014, holding
leadership positions in corporate strategy and financial planning. He served as Vice President, Finance and Division Controller for the KFC division and earlier for the Pizza Hut division and for Yum
Restaurants International between October 2013 and October 2014. He also served as the Senior Director, Yum Corporate Strategy, from March 2010 to October 2013, reporting directly to the corporate
Chief Financial Officer and leading corporate strategy as well as driving key cross-divisional initiatives. Mr. Garratt served in various other financial positions at Yum from May 2004 to March
2010. He served as Plant Controller for Alcoa Inc. between April 2002 and May 2004, and held various financial management positions at General Electric from March 1999 to April 2002. He began
his career in May 1990 at Alcoa, where he served for approximately nine years.  

          Mr. Flanigan  joined Dollar General as Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain in May 2008. He was promoted to Executive Vice
President in March 2010. Mr. Flanigan plans to retire from Dollar General effective April 29, 2016. He has almost 30 years of management experience in retail logistics. Prior to
joining Dollar General, he was Group Vice President of Logistics and Distribution for Longs Drug Stores Corporation, an operator of a chain of retail drug stores on the West Coast and Hawaii, from
October 2005 to April 2008. In this role, he was responsible for overseeing warehousing, inbound and outbound transportation and facility maintenance to service over 500 retail outlets. From September
2001 to October 2005, he served as the Vice President of Logistics for Safeway Inc., a food and drug retailer, where he oversaw distribution of food products from Safeway distribution centers
to all retail outlets, inbound traffic and transportation. He also has held distribution and logistics  

 18 

 
 
 
   

 leadership
positions at Vons—a Safeway company, Specialized Distribution Management Inc., and Crum & Crum Logistics.  


          Mr. Owen  returned to Dollar General in June 2015 as Executive Vice President of Store Operations, with over 21 years of
previous employment experience with the Company. Prior to his departure from Dollar General in July 2014, he was Senior Vice President, Store Operations. Prior to August 2011,
Mr. Owen served as Vice President, Division Manager. From November 2006 to March 2007, he served as Retail Division Manager. Prior to November 2006, he was Senior Director, Operations Process
Improvement. Mr. Owen served the Company in various operations roles of increasing importance and responsibility from December 1992 to September 2004. Mr. Owen has served as a director
of Kirkland's Inc. since March 30, 2015.  

          Mr. Ravener  joined Dollar General as Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer in August 2008. He was promoted to Executive
Vice President in March 2010. Prior to joining Dollar General, he served in human resources executive roles with Starbucks Corporation, a roaster, marketer and retailer of specialty coffee, from
September 2005 until August 2008 as the Senior Vice President of U.S. Partner Resources and, prior to that, as the Vice President, Partner Resources—Eastern Division. As the Senior Vice
President of U.S. Partner Resources at Starbucks, Mr. Ravener oversaw all aspects of human resources activity for more than 10,000 stores. Prior to serving at Starbucks, Mr. Ravener held
Vice President of Human Resources roles for The Home Depot Inc., a home improvement retailer, at its Store Support Center and a domestic field division from April 2003 to September 2005.
Mr. Ravener also served in executive roles in both human resources and operations at Footstar, Inc. and roles of increasing leadership at PepsiCo, Inc.  

          Ms. Taylor  has served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel since March 17, 2015. She joined Dollar General as an
Employment Attorney in March 2000 and was subsequently promoted to Senior Employment Attorney in 2001, Deputy General Counsel in 2004, Vice President and Assistant General Counsel in March 2010, and
Senior Vice President and General Counsel in June 2013. Prior to joining Dollar General, she practiced law with Ogletree, Deakins, Nash, Smoak & Stewart, P.C., where she specialized in labor
law and employment litigation. She has also held attorney positions with Ford & Harrison LLP and Stokes & Bartholomew.  

          Mr. Thorpe  returned to Dollar General in August 2015 as Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer, with over six
years of previous employment experience with the Company. He previously served as Senior Vice President, General Merchandise Manager, from May 2006 when he joined the Company until his departure in
July 2012. Following his departure from Dollar General, Mr. Thorpe provided on a limited ad-hoc basis certain retail industry consulting services as President of JW Thorpe &
Associates, Inc. Prior to Dollar General, he served in various positions of increasing importance and responsibility with Sears Holdings Corporation, a leading integrated retailer, from March
1991 to May 2006 where his last position was Vice President and General Merchandise Manager—Hard Home of Sears Home Group. Prior to Sears, he worked as a Marketing Program Manager for
Zenith Data Systems, a personal computer development and sales company, from July 1990 to February 1991. He began his career at The MAXIMA Corporation, an information technology services company,
where he held various project administration and analyst positions.  

          Ms. Elliott  has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since December 2, 2015. She joined Dollar
General as Senior Vice President and Controller in August 2005. Prior to joining Dollar General, she served as Vice President and Controller of Big Lots, Inc., a closeout retailer, from May
2001 to August 2005, where she was responsible for accounting operations, financial reporting and internal audit. Prior to serving at Big Lots, she served as Vice President and Controller for
Jitney-Jungle Stores of America, Inc., a grocery retailer, from April 1998 to March 2001. At Jitney-Jungle, Ms. Elliott was responsible for the accounting operations and the internal and
external
financial reporting functions. Prior to serving at Jitney-Jungle, she practiced public accounting for 12 years, 6 of which were with Ernst & Young LLP.  

 19 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 
   
   
   PART II          

   
       ITEM 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES          

 


 


Market Information   

         Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "DG." The high and low sales prices during each quarter in
fiscal 2015 and 2014 were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 2015

 

  
   
 First 
Quarter  
   
 Second 
Quarter  
   
 Third 
Quarter  
   
 Fourth 
Quarter  
   
 
 
   High 
   
 
 
$ 
 76.99 
   
 
 
$ 
 81.42 
   
 
 
$ 
 81.15 
   
 
 
$ 
 75.14 
   
 
 
   Low 
   
 
 
$ 
 65.86 
   
 
 
$ 
 71.44 
   
 
 
$ 
 64.66 
   
 
 
$ 
 59.75 
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 2014

 

  
   
 First 
Quarter  
   
 Second 
Quarter  
   
 Third 
Quarter  
   
 Fourth 
Quarter  
   
 
 
   High 
   
 
 
$ 
 61.18 
   
 
 
$ 
 65.99 
   
 
 
$ 
 65.10 
   
 
 
$ 
 71.78 
   
 
 
   Low 
   
 
 
$ 
 54.43 
   
 
 
$ 
 53.00 
   
 
 
$ 
 55.48 
   
 
 
$ 
 62.50 
   
 
 
 
  
          On
March 15, 2016, our stock price at the close of the market was $85.04 and there were approximately 1,874 shareholders of record of our common stock.  

 


 


Dividends   

         On March 8, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 per share, to be paid on April 12,
2016 to shareholders of record of our common stock on March 29, 2016. We paid quarterly cash dividends of $0.22 per share in 2015. Prior to March 2015, we had not declared or paid recurring
dividends since March 2007. While the Board intends to continue regular quarterly cash dividends, the declaration and payment of future cash dividends are subject to the Board's discretion based on an
evaluation of our earnings performance, financial condition, capital needs and other relevant factors.  

 


 


Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

         The following table contains information regarding purchases of our common stock made during the quarter ended January 29, 2016
by or on behalf of Dollar General or any "affiliated purchaser," as defined by Rule 10b-18(a)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Period

 

  
   
 Total Number of 
Shares 
Purchased  
   
 Average 
Price Paid 
per Share  
   
 Total Number 
of Shares 
Purchased 
as Part of Publicly 
Announced Plans or 
Programs(a)  
   
 Approximate 
Dollar Value 
of Shares that May 
Yet Be Purchased 
Under the Plans 
or Programs(a)  
   
 
 
   10/31/15 - 11/30/15 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 214,007,000 
   
 
 
   12/01/15 - 12/31/15 
   
   
 4,128,913 
   
 
 
$ 
 70.29 
   
   
 4,128,913 
   
 
 
$ 
 923,803,000 
   
 
 
   01/01/16 - 01/29/16 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 923,803,000 
   
 
 
   Total 
   
   
 4,128,913 
   
 
 
$ 
 70.29 
   
   
 4,128,913 
   
 
 
$ 
 923,803,000 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) A
$500 million share repurchase program was publicly announced on September 5, 2012, and increases in the authorization under such program
were announced on March 25, 2013 ($500 million increase), December 5, 2013 ($1.0 billion increase), March 12, 2015 ($1.0 billion increase) and
December 3, 2015 ($1.0 billion increase). Under the authorization, purchases may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions from time to time subject to market
and other conditions. This repurchase authorization has no expiration date.   
  
  20 

 
 
 
   

   
       ITEM 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA          

         The following table sets forth selected consolidated financial information of Dollar General Corporation as of the dates and for the
periods indicated. The selected historical statement of operations data and statement of cash flows data for the fiscal years ended January 29, 2016, January 30, 2015, and
January 31, 2014 and balance sheet data as of January 29, 2016 and January 30, 2015, have been derived from our historical audited consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this report. The selected historical statement of operations data and statement of cash flows data for the fiscal years ended February 1, 2013 and February 3, 2012 and
balance sheet data as of January 31, 2014, February 1, 2013, and February 3, 2012 presented in this table have been derived from audited consolidated financial statements not
included in this report.  

         The
information set forth below should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by reference to, the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included in Part II,
Item 8 of this report and the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

 21 

 
 
 
   

 included
in Part II, Item 7 of this report. Certain financial disclosures relating to prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended  
   
 
 
 (Amounts in millions, excluding per share data, 
number of stores, selling square feet, and net sales 
per square foot) 
   
 January 29, 
2016  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 February 1, 
2013  
   
 February 3, 
2012(1)  
   
 
 
   Statement of Income Data: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 20,368.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 18,909.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 17,504.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 16,022.1 
   
 

 
$ 
 14,807.2 
   
 
 
   Cost of goods sold 
   
   
 14,062.5 
   
   
 13,107.1 
   
   
 12,068.4 
   
   
 10,936.7 
   
   
 10,109.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 6,306.1 
   
   
 5,802.5 
   
   
 5,435.7 
   
   
 5,085.4 
   
   
 4,697.9 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 4,365.8 
   
   
 4,033.4 
   
   
 3,699.6 
   
   
 3,430.1 
   
   
 3,207.1  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Operating profit 
   
   
 1,940.3 
   
   
 1,769.1 
   
   
 1,736.2 
   
   
 1,655.3 
   
   
 1,490.8 
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 86.9 
   
   
 88.2 
   
   
 89.0 
   
   
 127.9 
   
   
 204.9 
   
 
 
   Other (income) expense 
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 18.9 
   
   
 30.0 
   
   
 60.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income before income taxes 
   
   
 1,853.0 
   
   
 1,680.9 
   
   
 1,628.3 
   
   
 1,497.4 
   
   
 1,225.3 
   
 
 
   Income tax expense 
   
   
 687.9 
   
   
 615.5 
   
   
 603.2 
   
   
 544.7 
   
   
 458.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,165.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,065.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,025.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 952.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 766.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Earnings per share—basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.96 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.50 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.17 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.87 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.25 
   
 
 
   Earnings per share—diluted 
   
   
 3.95 
   
   
 3.49 
   
   
 3.17 
   
   
 2.85 
   
   
 2.22 
   
 
 
   Dividends per share 
   
   
 0.88 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Statement of Cash Flows Data: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net cash provided by (used in): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Operating activities 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,378.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,314.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,213.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,131.4 
   
 

 
$ 
 1,050.5 
   
 
 
   Investing activities 
   
   
 (503.4 
 ) 
   
 (371.7 
 ) 
   
 (250.0 
 ) 
   
 (569.8 
 ) 
   
 (513.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Financing activities 
   
   
 (1,296.5 
 ) 
   
 (868.8 
 ) 
   
 (598.3 
 ) 
   
 (546.8 
 ) 
   
 (908.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Total capital expenditures 
   
   
 (504.8 
 ) 
   
 (374.0 
 ) 
   
 (538.4 
 ) 
   
 (571.6 
 ) 
   
 (514.9 
 ) 
 
 
   Other Financial and Operating Data: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Same store sales growth(2) 
   
   
 2.8 
 % 
   
 2.8 
 % 
   
 3.3 
 % 
   
 4.7 
 % 
   
 6.0 
 % 
 
 
   Same store sales(2) 
   
 
 
$ 
 19,254.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 17,818.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 16,365.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,992.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,626.7 
   
 
 
   Number of stores included in same store sales calculation 
   
   
 11,706 
   
   
 11,052 
   
   
 10,387 
   
   
 9,783 
   
   
 9,254 
   
 
 
   Number of stores (at period end) 
   
   
 12,483 
   
   
 11,789 
   
   
 11,132 
   
   
 10,506 
   
   
 9,937 
   
 
 
   Selling square feet (in thousands at period end) 
   
   
 92,477 
   
   
 87,205 
   
   
 82,012 
   
   
 76,909 
   
   
 71,774 
   
 
 
   Net sales per square foot(3) 
   
 
 
$ 
 226 
   
 
 
$ 
 223 
   
 
 
$ 
 220 
   
 
 
$ 
 216 
   
 
 
$ 
 213 
   
 
 
   Consumables sales 
   
   
 75.9 
 % 
   
 75.7 
 % 
   
 75.2 
 % 
   
 73.9 
 % 
   
 73.2 
 % 
 
 
   Seasonal sales 
   
   
 12.4 
 % 
   
 12.4 
 % 
   
 12.9 
 % 
   
 13.6 
 % 
   
 13.8 
 % 
 
 
   Home products sales 
   
   
 6.3 
 % 
   
 6.4 
 % 
   
 6.4 
 % 
   
 6.6 
 % 
   
 6.8 
 % 
 
 
   Apparel sales 
   
   
 5.4 
 % 
   
 5.5 
 % 
   
 5.5 
 % 
   
 5.9 
 % 
   
 6.2 
 % 
 
 
   Rent expense 
   
 
 
$ 
 856.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 785.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 686.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 614.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 542.3 
   
 
 
   Balance Sheet Data (at period end): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments 
   
 
 
$ 
 157.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 579.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 505.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 140.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 126.1 
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 11,251.0 
   
   
 11,208.6 
   
   
 10,848.2 
   
   
 10,340.8 
   
   
 9,663.6 
   
 
 
   Long-term debt(4) 
   
   
 2,970.6 
   
   
 2,725.1 
   
   
 2,799.5 
   
   
 2,745.3 
   
   
 2,593.6 
   
 
 
   Total shareholders' equity 
   
   
 5,377.9 
   
   
 5,710.0 
   
   
 5,402.2 
   
   
 4,985.3 
   
   
 4,674.6 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) The
fiscal year ended February 3, 2012 was comprised of 53 weeks.  
  
  22 

 
 
 
   
  
  
 (2) Same-store
sales are calculated based upon stores that were open at least 13 full fiscal months and remain open at the end of the reporting period. We
include stores that have been remodeled, expanded or relocated in our same-store sales calculation. When applicable, we exclude the sales in the non-comparable week of a 53-week year from the
same-store sales calculation.
 (3) Net
sales per square foot was calculated based on total sales for the preceding 12 months as of the ending date of the reporting period divided by
the average selling square footage during the period, including the end of the fiscal year, the beginning of the fiscal year, and the end of each of our three interim fiscal quarters.
 (4) Debt
issuance costs are reflected as a deduction from the corresponding debt liability for all periods presented.  
  
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 January 29, 
2016  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 February 1, 
2013  
   
 February 3, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Ratio of earnings to fixed charges(1): 
   
   
 4.5x 
   
   
 4.4x 
   
   
 4.7x 
   
   
 4.7x 
   
   
 3.8x 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) For
purposes of computing the ratio of earnings to fixed charges, (a) earnings consist of income (loss) before income taxes, plus fixed charges less
capitalized expenses related to indebtedness (amortization expense for capitalized interest is not significant) and (b) fixed charges consist of interest expense (whether expensed or
capitalized), the amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts related to indebtedness, and the interest portion of rent expense.   
  
 

  
  23 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

   
       ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS          


          This discussion and analysis should be read with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the Consolidated
Financial Statements and the notes thereto. It also should be read in conjunction with the Cautionary Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and the Risk Factors disclosures set forth in the
Introduction and in Item 1A of this report, respectively. 

 


 


Executive Overview   

         We are among the largest discount retailers in the United States by number of stores, with 12,575 stores located in 43 states as of
February 26, 2016, with the greatest concentration of stores in the southern, southwestern, midwestern and eastern United States. We offer a broad selection of merchandise, including consumable
products such as food, paper and cleaning products, health and beauty products and pet supplies, and non-consumable products such as seasonal merchandise, home decor and domestics, and basic apparel.
Our merchandise includes high-quality national brands from leading manufacturers, as well as comparable quality and value private brand selections with prices at substantial discounts to national
brands. We offer our customers these national
brand and private brand products at everyday low prices (typically $10 or less) in our convenient small-box locations, with selling space averaging approximately 7,400 square feet per store.  


         Because
the customers we serve are value-conscious, many with low or fixed incomes, we have always been intensely focused on helping them make the most of their spending dollars. We
believe our convenient store format and broad selection of high-quality products at compelling values have driven our substantial growth and financial success over the years. Like other retailers, we
have been operating for several years in an environment with ongoing macroeconomic challenges and uncertainties. Our core customers are often the first to be affected by negative or uncertain economic
conditions such as unemployment and fluctuating food, energy and medical costs, and the last to feel the effects of improving economic conditions. Our customer has experienced both positive and
negative general economic factors during 2015, such as lower gasoline prices and unemployment rates coupled with rising rents and medical costs. The overall financial impact of these factors to our
customers has been inconsistent and their duration is unknown.  

         Our
operating priorities continue to evolve as we consistently strive to improve our performance while retaining our customer-centric focus. We are keenly focused on executing the
following priorities: 1) driving profitable sales growth, 2) capturing growth opportunities, 3) enhancing our position as a low-cost operator, and 4) investing in our
people as a competitive advantage.  

         We
seek to drive profitable sales growth through initiatives such as improvement in our in-stock position, as well as an ongoing focus on enhancing our margins while maintaining both
everyday low price and affordability.  

 
 
 •  Our in-stock improvement initiative is designed to ensure the right products are available on the shelf when our customers shop in our
stores. To support this initiative and improve overall customer satisfaction, we are selectively investing incremental labor hours in those stores where we believe such increases will generate
positive financial returns. As of the end of 2015, this retail labor hour investment had been implemented across over 3,100 stores. We have a disciplined approach to this labor investment and are able
to quickly evaluate whether it delivers on our profitability expectations, reallocating resources as necessary.  
 •  We demonstrate our commitment to the affordability needs of our core customer by pricing more than 75% of our stock-keeping units at
$5 or less as of the end of 2015. However, as we work to provide everyday low prices and meet our customers' affordability needs, we also remain focused on enhancing our margins through effective
category management, inventory shrink reduction initiatives, private brands penetration, efforts to improve distribution and  
 
 24 

 
 
 
   
 
 

 transportation
efficiencies, global sourcing, and pricing and markdown optimization. With respect to category management, the mix of sales affects profitability because the gross margin associated
with sales within our consumables category generally is lower than that associated with sales within our non-consumables categories. Even within each category, however, there are varying levels of
gross margin associated with the specific items. With respect to inventory shrink reduction, the progress in 2015 was broad-based with shrink declining across all four product categories. For a
discussion of the sales mix, as well as the results of certain other margin-related initiatives in 2015, see "Results of Operations" below.  

 
 

         The
degree of success of these initiatives is often reflected in our same-store sales results and in the level of improvement in shopper frequency and number of items sold and average
transaction amount. For the 2015 fourth quarter, we believe these ongoing initiatives helped to drive the same-store sales growth in three out of our four product categories, reflecting increases in
both customer traffic and average transaction amount for the 32 nd  consecutive quarter when compared to the prior year quarter.  


         To
support our other operating priorities we also are focused on capturing growth opportunities and innovating within our channel. We continued to expand our store count, opening 730
stores during 2015. We also have continued our store remodeling efforts and remodeled or relocated a total of 881 stores during 2015. In fiscal 2016, we have plans to open 900 stores and to
relocate or remodel 875 stores, and we plan to maintain our accelerated square footage growth of approximately six to eight percent during 2017. We continue to innovate within our channel, and
during 2016 we will implement the DG16 store format. This store format will include additional cooler doors, a redesigned queueing area, and other enhancements that are focused on meeting the evolving
demands of our core customer while also delivering on our operating priorities. In addition, we are testing a smaller format store (less than 6,000 square feet) which we believe could allow us to
capture growth opportunities in metropolitan areas.  

         We
have established a position as a low-cost operator, continuously seeking ways to control costs that do not affect our customer's shopping experience. We have enhanced this position
during the latter part of 2015 and into 2016 through our zero-based budgeting initiative, streamlining our business while also reducing expenses. Our goal is to lower the same-store sales growth
required to leverage selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expenses. As part of this initiative we reduced approximately 255 positions within our corporate support function in the third
quarter of 2015 and expect to reinvest a portion of these savings in the business as we deem appropriate. In addition, at the store level, we remain committed to simplifying or eliminating various
tasks so that those time savings can be reinvested by our store managers in other areas such as ensuring customer service, improved in-stock levels, and improved store standards. We will continue to
seek additional opportunities to enhance our low-cost position.  

         Our
employees are a competitive advantage, and we are always searching for ways to continue investing in them. Our training programs are continually evolving, as we work to ensure that
our employees have the tools necessary to be successful in their positions. We invest in our employees in an effort to create an environment that attracts and retains talented personnel, as we believe
that, particularly at the store level, employees who are promoted from within generally have longer tenures and are greater contributors to improvements in our financial performance. Furthermore, we
believe that reducing our store manager turnover likely results in improved store financial performance in areas such as shrink and sales. We have also implemented training programs for high-potential
employees, and believe that these and other efforts will produce a more stable, engaged workforce.  

         Our
continued focus on these four operating priorities, coupled with strong cash flow management and share repurchases resulted in solid overall operating and financial performance in
2015 as compared to 2014 as follows. Basis points, as referred to below, are equal to 0.01 percent of net sales.  

 
 
 •  Net sales in 2015 increased 7.7% over 2014. Sales in same-stores increased 2.8%, with increases in both customer traffic and average
transaction amount. Consumables represented 76% of sales  
 
 25 

 
 
 
   
 
 

 in
2015. Departments with the most significant increases in net sales were candy and snacks, perishables, tobacco, and food. Average sales per square foot in 2015 were $226, up from $223 in 2014.  

 
 
 •  Operating profit increased 9.7% to $1.94 billion, or 9.5% of sales, compared to $1.77 billion, or 9.4% of sales in 2014.
The increase in our operating profit rate was attributable to a 27 basis-point increase in our gross profit rate, which was partially offset by a 10 basis-point increase in SG&A.    
 •  Our gross profit rate increased by 27 basis points due primarily to lower transportation costs and a lower rate of inventory
shrinkage.  
 •  The increase in SG&A, as a percentage of sales, was due primarily to increases in incentive compensation expense, repairs and
maintenance expense and occupancy costs. For other factors, see the detailed discussion that follows.  
 •  Interest expense decreased by $1.3 million in 2015 to $86.9 million. Total long-term obligations as of
January 29, 2016 were $2.97 billion.  
 •  We reported net income of $1.17 billion, or $3.95 per diluted share, for 2015, compared to net income of $1.07 billion,
or $3.49 per diluted share, for 2014. Stock repurchase activity during 2014 and 2015 contributed to the increase in diluted earnings per share.  
 •  We generated approximately $1.38 billion of cash flows from operating activities in 2015, an increase of 4.8% compared to 2014.
We primarily utilized our cash flows from operating activities to invest in the growth of our business, repurchase our common stock, and pay quarterly cash dividends.    
 •  Inventory turnover was 4.7 times on a rolling four-quarter basis. Inventories increased 4.3% on a per store basis over 2014.    
 •  During 2015 we opened 730 new stores, remodeled or relocated 881 stores, and closed 36 stores.  
 

         Also
in 2015, we repurchased approximately 17.6 million shares of our outstanding common stock for $1.3 billion.  

         In
2016, we plan to continue to focus on our four key operating priorities. We expect our sales growth in 2016 to again be driven primarily by consumables, although we expect
non-consumables sales to continue to contribute to our profitable sales growth. Same-store sales growth is key to achieving our objectives, and we have implemented targeted actions to drive same-store
sales in 2016, such as updating our customer segmentation to gain deeper insights into the spending habits for each of our core customer segments. This helps drive our category management process, as
we optimize our assortment and expand into those categories that are most likely to drive traffic to our stores. Our continued focus on on-shelf availability and affordability also should assist in
growing transactions and number of items sold. Our new store format will offer a total of 22 cooler doors, an increase of six cooler doors as compared to our previous new store format and will be
utilized for all new stores, relocations and remodels.  

         Other
key 2016 initiatives include our zero-based budgeting initiative, which we expect to take costs out of the business that do not affect the customer experience, ongoing supply chain
improvements, and investing in our people. In addition, we plan to continue to repurchase shares of our common stock and pay quarterly cash dividends, subject to Board discretion, to further enhance
shareholder return. However, we are facing potential regulatory changes relating to overtime exemptions under the Fair Labor Standards Act, which, if implemented, are expected to increase our labor
costs and negatively affect our operating results.  

         Readers
should refer to the detailed discussion of our operating results below for additional comments on financial performance in the current year periods as compared with the prior
year periods.  

 26 

 
 
 
   

 


 


Results of Operations   

         Accounting Periods.     The following text contains references to years 2015, 2014, and 2013, which represent fiscal years ended
January 29, 2016,
January 30, 2015, and January 31, 2014, respectively. Our fiscal year ends on the Friday closest to January 31. All referenced fiscal years were 52-week accounting periods.  

          Seasonality.     The nature of our business is seasonal to a certain extent. Primarily because of sales of holiday-related merchandise,
sales in our
fourth quarter (November, December and January) have historically been higher than sales achieved in each of the first three quarters of the fiscal year. Expenses, and to a greater extent operating
profit, vary by quarter. Results of a period shorter than a full year may not be indicative of results expected for the entire year. Furthermore, the seasonal nature of our business may affect
comparisons between periods. For more information about the seasonality of our business, see "Seasonality" included in Part 1, Item 1 of this report.  


         The
following table contains results of operations data for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, and the dollar and percentage variances among those years.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 2015 vs. 2014  
   
 2014 vs. 2013  
   
 
 
 (amounts in millions, except per share 
amounts) 
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 Amount 
Change  
   
 % 
Change  
   
 Amount 
Change  
   
 % 
Change  
   
 
 
   Net sales by category: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Consumables 
   
 
 
$ 
 15,457.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,321.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,161.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,136.5 
   
   
 7.9 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 1,159.3 
   
   
 8.8 
 % 
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 75.89 
 % 
   
 75.73 
 % 
   
 75.19 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Seasonal 
   
   
 2,522.7 
   
   
 2,345.0 
   
   
 2,259.5 
   
   
  177.7 
   
   
 7.6 
   
   
 85.5 
   
   
 3.8 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 12.39 
 % 
   
 12.40 
 % 
   
 12.91 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Home products 
   
   
 1,289.4 
   
   
 1,205.4 
   
   
 1,115.6 
   
   
  84.1 
   
   
 7.0 
   
   
 89.7 
   
   
 8.0 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 6.33 
 % 
   
 6.37 
 % 
   
 6.37 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Apparel 
   
   
 1,098.8 
   
   
 1,038.1 
   
   
 967.2 
   
   
  60.7 
   
   
 5.8 
   
   
 71.0 
   
   
 7.3 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 5.39 
 % 
   
 5.49 
 % 
   
 5.53 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 20,368.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 18,909.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 17,504.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,459.0 
   
   
 7.7 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 1,405.4 
   
   
 8.0 
 % 
 
 
   Cost of goods sold 
   
   
 14,062.5 
   
   
 13,107.1 
   
   
 12,068.4 
   
   
  955.4 
   
   
 7.3 
   
   
 1,038.7 
   
   
 8.6 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 69.04 
 % 
   
 69.31 
 % 
   
 68.95 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 6,306.1 
   
   
 5,802.5 
   
   
 5,435.7 
   
   
  503.6 
   
   
 8.7 
   
   
 366.8 
   
   
 6.7 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 30.96 
 % 
   
 30.69 
 % 
   
 31.05 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 4,365.8 
   
   
 4,033.4 
   
   
 3,699.6 
   
   
  332.4 
   
   
 8.2 
   
   
 333.9 
   
   
 9.0 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 21.43 
 % 
   
 21.33 
 % 
   
 21.14 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Operating profit 
   
   
 1,940.3 
   
   
 1,769.1 
   
   
 1,736.2 
   
   
  171.2 
   
   
 9.7 
   
   
 32.9 
   
   
 1.9 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 9.53 
 % 
   
 9.36 
 % 
   
 9.92 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 86.9 
   
   
 88.2 
   
   
 89.0 
   
   
  (1.3 
 ) 
   
 (1.5 
 ) 
   
 (0.8 
 ) 
   
 (0.8 
 ) 
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 0.43 
 % 
   
 0.47 
 % 
   
 0.51 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Other (income) expense 
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 18.9 
   
   
  0.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (18.9 
 ) 
   
 (100.0 
 ) 
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 0.00 
 % 
   
 0.00 
 % 
   
 0.11 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income before income taxes 
   
   
 1,853.0 
   
   
 1,680.9 
   
   
 1,628.3 
   
   
  172.2 
   
   
 10.2 
   
   
 52.5 
   
   
 3.2 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 9.10 
 % 
   
 8.89 
 % 
   
 9.30 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Income taxes 
   
   
 687.9 
   
   
 615.5 
   
   
 603.2 
   
   
  72.4 
   
   
 11.8 
   
   
 12.3 
   
   
 2.0 
   
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 3.38 
 % 
   
 3.26 
 % 
   
 3.45 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,165.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,065.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,025.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 99.7 
   
   
 9.4 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 40.2 
   
   
 3.9 
 % 
 
 
   % of net sales  
   
   
 5.72 
 % 
   
 5.63 
 % 
   
 5.86 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.95 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.49 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.17 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.46 
   
   
 13.2 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 0.32 
   
   
 10.1 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
           Net Sales.     The net sales increase in 2015 reflects a same-store sales increase of 2.8% compared to 2014. For 2015, there were 11,706
same-stores
which accounted for sales of $19.25 billion. Same-stores include stores that have been open for at least 13 months and remain open at the end of the reporting period. Changes in
same-store sales are calculated based on the comparable calendar weeks in the  

 27 

 
 
 
   

 prior
year, and include stores that have been remodeled, expanded or relocated. The remainder of the increase in sales in 2015 was attributable to new stores, partially offset by sales from closed
stores. The increase in sales reflects increased customer traffic and average transaction amounts. Increases in sales of consumables slightly outpaced our non-consumables, with sales of candy and
snacks, perishables, tobacco products, and food contributing the majority of the increase in sales of consumables.  


         The
net sales increase in 2014 reflects a same-store sales increase of 2.8% compared to 2013. For 2014, there were 11,052 same-stores which accounted for sales of $17.82 billion.
The remainder of the increase in sales in 2014 was attributable to new stores, partially offset by sales from closed stores. The increase in sales reflects increased customer traffic and average
transaction amounts resulting from the refinement of the Company's merchandise offerings, including a full year's sales of tobacco products, the expansion of perishables, and enhanced utilization of
store square footage. Increases in sales of consumables outpaced our non-consumables, with sales of tobacco products, perishables, and candy and snacks contributing the majority of the increase in
sales of consumables.  

         Of
our four major merchandise categories, the consumables category, which generally has a lower gross profit rate than the other three categories, has grown most significantly over the
past several years. Because of the impact of sales mix on gross profit, we continually review our merchandise mix and strive to adjust it when appropriate.  

          Gross Profit.     The gross profit rate as a percentage of sales was 31.0% in 2015 compared to 30.7% in 2014. Gross profit increased by
8.7% in 2015, and
as a percentage of sales, increased by 27 basis points.
The gross profit rate increase in 2015 as compared to 2014 primarily reflects lower transportation costs and an improved rate of inventory shrinkage, partially offset by increased markdowns. We
recorded a LIFO benefit of $2.3 million in 2015 compared to a LIFO provision of $4.2 million in 2014.  

         The
gross profit rate as a percentage of sales was 30.7% in 2014 compared to 31.1% in 2013. Gross profit increased by 6.7% in 2014, and as a percentage of sales, decreased by 36 basis
points. The most significant factor affecting the gross profit rate was an increase in markdowns, primarily due to increased promotions driven by competitive pressures. In addition, we experienced a
continued trend of consumables comprising a larger portion of our net sales, primarily as the result of increased sales of lower margin consumables including tobacco products and expanded perishables
offerings. These factors were partially offset by higher initial inventory markups. We recorded a LIFO provision of $4.2 million in 2014 compared to a LIFO benefit of $11.0 million in
2013.  

          SG&A.     SG&A was 21.4% as a percentage of sales in 2015 compared to 21.3% in 2014, an increase of 10 basis points. The 2015
results reflect increases
in incentive compensation expenses, repairs and maintenance expenses, occupancy costs, and fees associated with an increase in debit card transactions. Partially offsetting these items was a higher
volume of cash back transactions resulting in increased convenience fees collected from customers. The 2014 results reflect expenses of $14.3 million, or 8 basis points as a percentage of
sales, related to an acquisition that was not completed.  

         SG&A
expense was 21.3% as a percentage of sales in 2014 compared to 21.1% in 2013, an increase of 19 basis points. The 2014 results reflect a significant increase in incentive
compensation expense, as our 2013 financial performance did not satisfy certain performance requirements under our cash incentive compensation program. The 2014 results also reflect increases in rent
and utilities. Partially offsetting these increased costs were retail labor expense, which increased at a rate lower than our increase in sales, the introduction of convenience fees charged to
customers for cash back on debit card transactions, and a reduction in workers' compensation and general liability expenses. The 2014 period included expenses of $14.3 million relating to an
acquisition that was not completed, while the 2013 results include expenses of $8.5 million for a legal settlement of a previously decertified collective action.  

 28 

 
 
 
   

          Interest Expense.     Interest expense decreased $1.3 million to $86.9 million in 2015 compared to 2014. See the detailed
discussion under
"Liquidity and Capital Resources" regarding the financing of various long-term obligations.  

         Interest
expense remained relatively constant in 2014 compared to 2013.  

         We
had outstanding variable-rate debt of $686.6 million and $62.0 million as of January 29, 2016 and January 30, 2015, respectively, after taking into
consideration the impact of interest rate swaps in effect at January 30, 2015. The remainder of our outstanding indebtedness at January 29, 2016 and January 30, 2015 was fixed
rate debt.  

          Other (Income) Expense.     In 2015, we recorded pretax losses of $0.3 million related to the refinancing of long-term debt. In 2013,
we recorded
pretax losses of $18.9 million resulting from the termination of our senior secured credit facilities.  

          Income Taxes.     The effective income tax rates for 2015, 2014 and 2013 were expenses of 37.1%, 36.6% and 37.0%, respectively.  

         The
effective income tax rate for 2015 was 37.1% compared to a rate of 36.6% for 2014 which represents a net increase of 0.5 percentage points. The effective income tax rate was
lower in 2014 due principally to federal and state reserve releases in 2014 that did not reoccur, to the same extent, in 2015. As in prior years, we receive a significant income tax benefit related to
wages paid to certain newly hired employees that qualify for federal jobs credits (principally the Work Opportunity Tax Credit or "WOTC"). In December 2015, Congress retroactively extended the federal
law authorizing the WOTC for the period from January 1, 2015 through December 31, 2019. Accordingly, based on current law, the WOTC should be available for our 2016 through 2019 fiscal
years.  

         The
effective income tax rate for 2014 was 36.6% compared to a rate of 37.0% for 2013 which represents a net decrease of 0.4 percentage points. The effective income tax rate
decreased from 2013 due principally to the favorable resolution of state income tax examinations and other state income tax reserves, which increased by a lesser amount in 2014 compared to 2013.  

 


 


Off Balance Sheet Arrangements   

         The entities involved in the ownership structure underlying the leases for three of our distribution centers meet the accounting
definition of a Variable Interest Entity ("VIE").
One of these distribution centers has been recorded as a financing obligation whereby its property and equipment are reflected in our consolidated balance sheets. The land and buildings of the other
two distribution centers have been recorded as operating leases. We are not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs and, accordingly, have not included these entities in our consolidated financial
statements. Other than the foregoing, we are not party to any material off balance sheet arrangements.  

 


 


Effects of Inflation   

         We experienced little or no overall product cost inflation in 2015, 2014 and 2013.  


 


 


Liquidity and Capital Resources   

 


 


Current Financial Condition and Recent Developments   

         During the past three years, we have generated an aggregate of approximately $3.91 billion in cash flows from operating
activities and incurred approximately $1.42 billion in capital expenditures. During that period, we expanded the number of stores we operate by 1,977, representing growth of approximately 19%,
and we remodeled or relocated 2,378 stores, or approximately 19% of the stores we operated as of January 29, 2016. We intend to continue our current strategy of pursuing store growth, remodels
and relocations in 2016.  

 29 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

         We
have a five-year $1.425 billion unsecured credit agreement (the "Facilities"), and we have outstanding $2.3 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes. At
January 29, 2016, we had total outstanding debt (including the current portion of long-term obligations) of $2.97 billion, which includes balances under the Facilities, and senior notes,
all of which are described in greater detail below. We had $722.0 million available for borrowing under the Facilities at January 29, 2016. The information contained in Note 5 to
the consolidated financial statements under the heading "Borrowing Facilities and 2015 Refinancing" contained in Part II, Item 8 of this report is incorporated herein by reference. Cash
and cash equivalents decreased by $421.9 million in 2015, primarily due to the suspension of share repurchases during the portion of 2014 that coincided with our attempted acquisition,
resulting in higher than normal cash and cash equivalents balances at the end of 2014.  

         We
believe our cash flow from operations and existing cash balances, combined with availability under the Facilities as discussed in greater detail below and access to the debt markets
will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our current obligations, projected working capital requirements, capital spending and anticipated dividend payments for a period that includes the next twelve
months as well as the next several years. However, our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity may be affected by numerous factors, many of which are outside of our control. Depending on our
liquidity levels, conditions in the capital markets and other factors, we may from time to time consider the issuance of debt, equity or other securities, the proceeds of which could provide
additional liquidity for our operations.  

 


 


Facilities   

         On October 20, 2015, we consummated a refinancing pursuant to which we amended and restated our senior unsecured credit
facilities. The Facilities consist of a $425.0 million senior unsecured term loan facility (the "Term Facility") and a $1.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the
"Revolving Facility") which provides for the issuance of letters of credit up to $175.0 million. The Facilities are scheduled to mature on October 20, 2020.  

         Borrowings
under the Facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable interest rate margin plus, at our option, either (a) LIBOR or (b) a base rate (which is
usually equal to the prime rate). The applicable interest rate margin for borrowings as of January 29, 2016 was 1.10% for LIBOR borrowings and 0.10% for base-rate borrowings. We must also pay a
facility fee, payable on any used and unused commitment amounts of the Facilities, and customary fees on letters of credit issued under the Revolving Facility. The applicable interest rate margins for
borrowings, the facility fees and the letter of credit fees under the Facilities are subject to adjustment from time to time based on our long-term senior unsecured debt ratings. The weighted average
all-in interest rate for borrowings under the Facilities was 1.65% as of January 29, 2016.  

         The
Facilities can be voluntarily prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty. There is no required amortization under the Facilities. The Facilities contain a number of
customary affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the Company's and its subsidiaries ability to: incur additional liens; sell all or
substantially all of our assets; consummate certain fundamental changes or change in the Company's lines of business; and incur additional subsidiary indebtedness. The Facilities also contain
financial covenants that require the maintenance of a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio. As of January 29, 2016, we were in compliance with all such covenants.
The Facilities also contain customary events of default.  

         As
of January 29, 2016, under the Revolving Facility, the Company had outstanding borrowings of $251.0 million, standby letters of credit of $27.0 million, and
borrowing availability of $722.0 million. In addition, we had outstanding commercial letters of credit of $11.7 million.  

 30 

 
 
 
   

         For
the remainder of fiscal 2016, we anticipate potential borrowings under the Revolving Facility up to a maximum of approximately $500 million outstanding at any one time,
including any anticipated borrowings to fund repurchases of common stock.  


 


 


Senior Notes   

         On October 20, 2015, we issued $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.150% senior notes due 2025 (the "2025
Senior Notes"), net of discount of $0.8 million, which are scheduled to mature on November 1, 2025. In addition, we have $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125% senior
notes due 2017 (the "2017 Senior Notes") which are scheduled to mature on July 15, 2017, $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.875% senior notes due 2018 (the "2018 Senior
Notes"), net of discount of $0.2 million, which are scheduled to mature on April 15, 2018; and $900.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due 2023 (the "2023
Senior Notes"), net of discount of $1.8 million, which are scheduled to mature on April 15, 2023. Collectively, the 2017 Senior Notes, the 2018 Senior Notes, the 2023 Senior Notes and
the 2025 Senior Notes comprise the "Senior Notes", each of which were issued pursuant to an indenture as supplemented and amended by supplemental indentures relating to each series of Senior Notes (as
so supplemented and amended, the "Senior Indenture"). Interest on the 2017 Senior Notes is payable in cash on January 15 and July 15 of each year. Interest on the 2018 Senior Notes and
the 2023 Senior Notes is payable in cash on April 15 and October 15 of each year. Interest on the 2025 Senior Notes is payable in cash on May 1 and November 1 of each year,
commencing on May 1, 2016. The net proceeds from the sale of the 2025 Senior Notes were used, together with borrowings under the Facilities, to repay all outstanding borrowings under the
then-existing credit agreement and for general corporate purposes.  

         We
may redeem some or all of the Senior Notes at any time at redemption prices set forth in the Senior Indenture. Upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event, which is
defined in the Senior Indenture, each holder of our Senior Notes has the right to require us to repurchase some or all of such holder's Senior Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the
principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the repurchase date.  


         The
Senior Indenture contains covenants limiting, among other things, our ability (subject to certain exceptions) to consolidate, merge, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or
substantially all of our assets; and our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur or guarantee indebtedness secured by liens on any shares of voting stock of significant subsidiaries.  

         The
Senior Indenture also provides for events of default which, if any of them occurs, would permit or require the principal of and accrued interest on our Senior Notes to become or to
be declared due and payable, as applicable.  


 


 


Sale Leaseback Transaction   

         In January 2014 we consummated a transaction pursuant to which we sold and subsequently leased back the land, buildings and related
improvements for 233 of our stores. This transaction resulted in cash proceeds of approximately $281.6 million.  

 


 


Rating Agencies   

         In October 2015, Standard & Poor's raised our senior unsecured debt rating and our corporate debt rating to BBB, both with a
stable outlook, and Moody's reaffirmed our senior unsecured debt rating of Baa3 and changed our outlook to positive. Our current credit ratings, as well as future rating agency actions, could
(i) impact our ability to finance our operations on satisfactory terms; (ii) affect our financing costs; and (iii) affect our insurance premiums and collateral requirements
necessary for our self-insured programs. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or improve our current credit ratings.  

 31 

 
 
 
   

 


 


Interest Rate Swaps   

         From time to time, we use interest rate swaps to minimize the risk of adverse changes in interest rates. These swaps are intended to
reduce risk by hedging an underlying economic exposure. Because of high correlation between the derivative financial instrument and the underlying exposure being hedged, fluctuations in the value of
the financial instruments are generally offset by reciprocal changes in the value of the underlying economic exposure. Our principal interest rate exposure relates to outstanding amounts under our
Facilities. On May 31, 2015, interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of $875.0 million expired, and at January 29, 2016, we had no outstanding interest rate swaps. For
more information see Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk" below.  

 


 


Contractual Obligations   

         The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of January 29, 2016 (in
thousands):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Payments Due by Period  
   
 
 
 Contractual obligations

 

  
   
 Total  
   
 > 1 year  
   
 1 - 3 years  
   
 3 - 5 years  
   
 5+ years  
   
 
 
   Long-term debt obligations 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,986,590 
   
 
 
$ 
 215 
   
 
 
$ 
 900,770 
   
 
 
$ 
 677,080 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,408,525 
   
 
 
   Capital lease obligations 
   
   
 4,806 
   
   
 1,164 
   
   
 1,412 
   
   
 920 
   
   
 1,310 
   
 
 
   Interest(a) 
   
   
 513,562 
   
   
 89,626 
   
   
 141,340 
   
   
 119,576 
   
   
 163,020 
   
 
 
   Self-insurance liabilities(b) 
   
   
 221,796 
   
   
 83,293 
   
   
 89,438 
   
   
 30,388 
   
   
 18,677 
   
 
 
   Operating lease obligations(c) 
   
   
 7,229,243 
   
   
 866,444 
   
   
 1,614,931 
   
   
 1,353,567 
   
   
 3,394,301  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Subtotal 
   
 
 
$ 
 10,955,997 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,040,742 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,747,891 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,181,531 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,985,833  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Commitments Expiring by Period  
   
 
 
 Commercial commitments(d)

 

  
   
 Total  
   
 >1 year  
   
 1 - 3 years  
   
 3 - 5 years  
   
 5+ years  
   
 
 
   Letters of credit 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,680 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,680 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Purchase obligations(e) 
   
   
 722,630 
   
   
 722,630 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Subtotal 
   
 
 
$ 
 734,310 
   
 
 
$ 
 734,310 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total contractual obligations and commercial commitments (f) 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,690,307 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,775,052 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,747,891 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,181,531 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,985,833  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Represents
obligations for interest payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations, and includes projected interest on variable rate long-term
debt, using 2015 year end rates and balances. Variable rate long-term debt includes the balance of the senior revolving credit facility (which had a balance of $251 million as of
January 29, 2016), the balance of our tax increment financing of $10.6 million, and the balance of the senior term loan facility of $425 million.
 (b) We
retain a significant portion of the risk for our workers' compensation, employee health insurance, general liability, property loss and automobile
insurance. As these obligations do not have scheduled maturities, these amounts represent undiscounted estimates based upon actuarial assumptions. Reserves for workers' compensation and general
liability which existed as of the date of a merger transaction in 2007 were discounted in order to arrive at estimated fair value. All other amounts are reflected on an undiscounted basis in our
consolidated balance sheets.
 (c) Operating
lease obligations are inclusive of amounts included in deferred rent in our consolidated balance sheets.  
  
  32 

 
 
 
   
  

 
 (d) Commercial
commitments include information technology license and support agreements, supplies, fixtures, letters of credit for import merchandise, and
other inventory purchase obligations.
 (e) Purchase
obligations include legally binding agreements for software licenses and support, supplies, fixtures, and merchandise purchases (excluding such
purchases subject to letters of credit).
 (f) We
have potential payment obligations associated with uncertain tax positions that are not reflected in these totals. We are currently unable to make
reasonably reliable estimates of the period of cash settlement with the taxing authorities for the $8.7 million of reserves for uncertain tax positions.   
  
  


 


Share Repurchase Program   

         On December 2, 2015, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a $1.0 billion increase to our existing common stock
repurchase program. Our common stock repurchase program had a total remaining authorization of approximately $924 million at January 29, 2016. Under the authorization, purchases may be
made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions from time to time subject to market and other conditions, and the authorization has no expiration date. For more detail about our share
repurchase program, see Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.  

 


 


Other Considerations   

         On March 8, 2016, the Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend to shareholders of $0.25 per share which will be
paid on April 12, 2016 to shareholders of record on March 29, 2016, an increase of $0.03 per share over quarterly dividends paid in 2015. Although the Board currently intends to continue
regular quarterly cash dividends, the payment of future cash dividends are subject to the Board's discretion and will depend upon, among other things, our results of operations, cash requirements,
financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Board may deem relevant.  

         Our
inventory balance represented approximately 54% of our total assets exclusive of goodwill and other intangible assets as of January 29, 2016. Our ability to effectively manage
our inventory balances can have a significant impact on our cash flows from operations during a given fiscal year. Inventory purchases are often somewhat seasonal in nature, such as the purchase of
warm-weather or Christmas-related merchandise. Efficient management of our inventory has been and continues to be an area of focus for us.  


         As
described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, we are involved in a number of legal actions and claims, some of which could potentially result in material cash
payments. Adverse developments in those actions could materially and adversely affect our liquidity. We also have certain income tax-related contingencies as disclosed in Note 4 to the
consolidated financial statements. Future negative developments could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity.  

 


 


Cash Flows   

         Cash flows from operating activities.     Cash flows from operating activities were $1.38 billion in 2015, an increase of
$63.2 million
compared to 2014. Significant components of the increase in cash flows from operating activities in 2015 compared to 2014 include increased net income due primarily to increased sales and operating
profit in 2015 as described in more detail above under "Results of Operations." Changes in merchandise inventories resulted in a net use of working capital, increasing by a greater amount in 2015
compared to 2014 as described in greater detail below. Accounts payable increased by $105.6 million in 2015 compared to a $97.2 million increase in 2014, due primarily to the timing of
merchandise receipts and related payments.  

 33 

 
 
 
   

         Cash
flows from operating activities were $1.31 billion in 2014, an increase of $101.7 million compared to 2013. Significant components of the increase in cash flows from
operating activities in 2014 compared to 2013 include increased net income due primarily to increased sales and operating profit in 2014 as described in more detail above under "Results of
Operations." Merchandise inventories increased by a greater amount in 2014 compared to 2013 as described in greater detail below, which was partially offset by accounts payable, which increased by
$97.2 million in 2014 compared to a $36.9 million increase in 2013. The increase in accounts payable during 2014 was due primarily to the volume and timing of domestic merchandise
receipts.  

         On
an ongoing basis, we closely monitor and manage our inventory balances, and they may fluctuate from period to period based on new store openings, the timing of purchases, and other
factors. Inventory balances at January 29, 2016 were impacted by a new DC in Texas, the timing of the Easter holiday in 2016, and our in-stock improvement initiative. Merchandise inventories
increased by 10% in 2015, by 9% in 2014, and by 7% in 2013. Inventory levels in the consumables category increased by $218.4 million, or 13% in 2015, by $178.4 million, or 12%, in 2014,
and by $168.0 million, or 12%, in 2013. The seasonal category increased by $63.2 million, or 13%, in 2015, by $13.8 million, or 3%, in 2014, and decreased by $4.7 million,
or 1%, in 2013. The home products category increased by $12.8 million, or 5%, in 2015, was essentially unchanged in 2014, and increased by $22.0 million, or 9%, in 2013. The apparel
category decreased by $2.7 million, or 1%, in 2015, increased by $37.1 million, or 13%, in 2014, and decreased by $29.5 million, or 9%, in 2013.  


         Cash flows from investing activities.     Significant components of property and equipment purchases in 2015 included the following
approximate amounts:
$168 million for improvements, upgrades, remodels and relocations of existing stores; $144 million for distribution and transportation-related projects; $99 million for new leased
stores; $53 million for stores built by us; and $34 million for information systems upgrades and technology-related projects. The timing of new, remodeled and relocated store openings
along with other factors may affect the relationship between such openings and the related property and equipment purchases in any given period. During 2015, we opened 730 new stores and
remodeled or relocated 881 stores.  

         Significant
components of property and equipment purchases in 2014 included the following approximate amounts: $127 million for improvements, upgrades, remodels and relocations of
existing stores; $102 million for new leased stores; $64 million for distribution and transportation-related projects; $38 million for stores built by us; and $35 million
for information systems upgrades and technology-related projects. During 2014, we opened 700 new stores and remodeled or relocated 915 stores. Cash flows from investing activities decreased
from 2013 to 2014, due primarily to a sale-leaseback transaction in 2013 (more fully described below).  


         Significant
components of property and equipment purchases in 2013 included the following approximate amounts: $187 million for improvements, upgrades, remodels and relocations of
existing stores; $124 million for new leased stores; $112 million for distribution centers, which included a significant portion of the construction cost of a distribution center in
Pennsylvania; $76 million for stores purchased or built by us; and $28 million for information systems upgrades and technology-related projects. During 2013, we opened 650 new stores and
remodeled or relocated 582 stores. Our sale-leaseback transaction which we consummated in January 2014 for 233 of our stores resulted in proceeds from the sale of these properties of approximately
$281.6 million.  

         Capital
expenditures during 2016 are projected to be in the range of $550-$600 million. We anticipate funding 2016 capital requirements with existing cash balances, cash flows
from operations, and we also expect to have significant availability under our Revolving Facility if necessary. We plan to continue to invest in store growth and development of approximately 900 new
stores and approximately 875 stores to be remodeled or relocated. Capital expenditures in 2016 are anticipated to support our store growth as well as our remodel and relocation initiatives, including
capital outlays for leasehold  

 34 

 
 
 
   

 improvements,
fixtures and equipment; the construction of new stores; costs to support and enhance our supply chain initiatives including new and existing distribution center facilities; technology
initiatives; as well as routine and ongoing capital requirements.  

          Cash flows from financing activities.     In 2015, we repurchased 17.6 million outstanding shares of our common stock at a total cost
of
$1.3 billion. We made repayments of $500.0 million on the balance of the Term Facility, and had proceeds of $499.2 million from the issuance of senior notes. Net borrowings under
the Revolving Facility during 2015 were $251.0 million.  

         In
2014, we repurchased 14.1 million outstanding shares of our common stock at a total cost of $800.1 million. We made repayments of $75.0 million on the balance of
the Term Facility. Borrowings and repayments under the Revolving Facility during the 2014 period were the same amount, resulting in no net increase to amounts outstanding under the Revolving Facility
during 2014.  

         The
2013 cash flows from financing activities reflect a refinancing in April 2013, including the issuance of long-term obligations which includes the $1.0 billion unsecured Term
Facility and the issuance of Senior Notes totaling approximately $1.3 billion. Proceeds from these transactions were used to repay our previous secured term loan and revolving credit facilities
which had balances of $1.96 billion and $155.6 million when refinanced. Net repayments under the Revolving Facility were $130.9 million during 2013. We paid debt issuance costs
and hedging fees totaling $29.2 million in 2013 related to the refinancing. Also in 2013, we repurchased 11.0 million outstanding shares of our common stock at a total cost of
$620.1 million.  

 


 


Accounting Standards   

         In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance related to lease accounting. This guidance requires a dual approach for lessee
accounting under which a lessee will account for leases as finance leases or operating leases. Both finance leases and operating leases will result in the lessee recognizing a right-of-use asset and a
corresponding lease liability on its balance sheet, with differing methodology for income statement recognition. This guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and interim
periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective approach is required for all leases existing or entered into after the
beginning of the earliest comparative period in the consolidated financial statements. We are currently assessing the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial
statements, and we are anticipating a material impact because of our significant volume of lease contracts.  


 


 


Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

         The preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
("U.S. GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. In addition to the estimates presented below, there are other items
within our financial statements that require estimation, but are not deemed critical as defined below. We believe these estimates are reasonable and appropriate. However, if actual experience differs
from the assumptions and other considerations used, the resulting changes could have a material effect on the financial statements taken as a whole.  


         Management
believes the following policies and estimates are critical because they involve significant judgments, assumptions, and estimates. Management has discussed the development and
selection of the critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, and the Audit Committee has reviewed the disclosures presented below relating to those policies and
estimates. See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for a detailed discussion of our principal accounting policies.  

 35 

 
 
 
   

         Merchandise Inventories.     Merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market ("LCM") with cost determined using the retail
last in,
first out ("LIFO") method. We use the retail inventory method ("RIM") to calculate gross profit and the resulting valuation of inventories at cost, which are computed utilizing a calculated
cost-to-retail inventory ratio at an inventory department level. We apply the RIM to these departments, which are groups of products that are fairly uniform in terms of cost, selling price
relationship and turnover. The RIM will result in valuing inventories at LCM if permanent markdowns are currently taken as a reduction of the retail value of inventories. Inherent in the retail
inventory method calculation are certain management judgments and estimates that may impact the ending inventory valuation at cost, as well as the gross profit recognized. These judgments include
ensuring departments consist of uniform products, recording estimated shrinkage between physical inventories, and timely recording of markdowns needed to sell inventory.  

         We
perform an annual LIFO analysis whereby all merchandise units are considered for inclusion in the index formulation. An actual valuation of inventory under the LIFO method is made at
the end of each year based on the inventory levels and costs at that time. In contrast, interim LIFO calculations are based on management's annual estimates of sales and the rate of inflation or
deflation, as well as year-end inventory levels. We also perform analyses for determining obsolete inventory, adjusting
inventory on a quarterly basis to an LCM value based on various management assumptions including estimated below cost markdowns not yet recorded, but required to liquidate such inventory in future
periods.  

         Factors
considered in the determination of markdowns include current and anticipated demand based on changes in competitors' practices, consumer preferences, consumer spending and
unseasonable weather patterns. Certain of these factors are outside of our control and may result in greater than estimated markdowns to entice consumer purchases of excess inventory. The amount and
timing of markdowns may vary significantly from year to year.  

         We
perform physical inventories in virtually all of our stores on an annual basis. We calculate our shrink provision based on actual physical inventory results during the fiscal period
and an accrual for estimated shrink occurring subsequent to a physical inventory through the end of the fiscal reporting period. This accrual is calculated as a percentage of sales at each retail
store, at a department level, based on the store's most recent historical shrink rate. To the extent that subsequent physical inventories yield different results than the estimated accrual, our
effective shrink rate for a given reporting period will include the impact of adjusting to the actual results.  


         We
believe our estimates and assumptions related to the application of the RIM results in a merchandise inventory valuation that reasonably approximates cost on a consistent basis.  

          Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.     The qualitative and quantitative assessments related to the valuation and any potential
impairment of goodwill
and other intangible assets are each subject to judgments and/or assumptions. The analysis of qualitative factors may include determining the appropriate factors to consider and the relative
importance of those factors along with other assumptions. If required, judgments in the quantitative testing process may include projecting future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates,
correctly applying valuation techniques, correctly computing the implied fair value of goodwill if necessary, and other assumptions. Future cash flow projections are based on management's projections
and represent best estimates taking into account recent financial performance, market trends, strategic plans and other available information, which in recent years have been materially accurate.
Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value or impairment, however, such a conclusion is not indicated by recent analyses. Future indicators of
impairment could result in an asset impairment charge. If these judgments or assumptions are incorrect or flawed, the analysis could be negatively impacted.  

 36 

 
 
 
   

         Our
most recent testing of our goodwill and indefinite lived trade name intangible assets was completed during the third quarter of 2015. No indicators of impairment were evident and no
assessment of or adjustment to these assets was required. We are not currently projecting a decline in cash flows that could be expected to have an adverse effect such as a violation of debt covenants
or future impairment charges.  

         Property and Equipment.     Property and equipment are recorded at cost. We group our assets into relatively homogeneous classes and
generally provide
for depreciation on a straight-line basis over the estimated average useful life of each asset class, except for leasehold improvements, which are amortized over the lesser of the applicable lease
term or the estimated useful life of the asset. Certain store and warehouse fixtures, when fully depreciated, are removed from the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization accounts.
The valuation and classification of these assets and the assignment of depreciable lives involves judgments and the use of estimates, which we believe have been materially accurate in recent years.  


         Impairment of Long-lived Assets.     Impairment of long-lived assets results when the carrying value of the assets exceeds the estimated
undiscounted
future cash flows generated by the assets. Our estimate of undiscounted future store cash flows is based upon historical operations of the stores and estimates of future profitability which
encompasses many factors that are subject to variability and are difficult to predict. If our estimates of future cash flows are not materially accurate, our impairment analysis could be impacted
accordingly. If a long-lived asset is found to be impaired, the amount recognized for impairment is equal to the difference between the carrying value and the asset's estimated fair value. The fair
value is estimated based primarily upon projected future cash flows (discounted at our credit adjusted risk-free rate) or other reasonable estimates of fair market value. Although not currently
anticipated, changes in these estimates, assumptions or projections could materially affect the determination of fair value or impairment.  

          Insurance Liabilities.     We retain a significant portion of the risk for our workers' compensation, employee health, property loss,
automobile and
general liability. These represent significant costs primarily due to our large employee base and number of stores. Provisions are made for these liabilities on an undiscounted basis. Certain of these
liabilities are based on actual claim data and estimates of incurred but not reported claims developed using actuarial methodologies based on historical claim trends, which have been and are
anticipated to continue to be materially accurate. If future claim trends deviate from recent historical patterns, or other unanticipated events affect the number and significance of future claims, we
may be required to record additional expenses or expense reductions, which could be material to our future financial results.  

          Contingent Liabilities—Income Taxes.     Income tax reserves are determined using the methodology established by accounting standards
relating to uncertainty in income taxes. These standards require companies to assess each income tax position taken using a two-step process. A determination is first made as to whether it is more
likely than not that the position will be sustained, based upon the technical merits, upon examination by the taxing authorities. If the tax position is expected to meet the more likely than not
criteria, the benefit recorded for the tax position equals the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement of the respective tax position. Uncertain tax
positions require determinations and liabilities to be estimated based on provisions of the tax law which may be subject to change or varying interpretation. If our determinations and estimates prove
to be inaccurate, the resulting adjustments could be material to our future financial results.  

          Contingent Liabilities—Legal Matters.     We are subject to legal, regulatory and other proceedings and claims. We establish
liabilities as
appropriate for these claims and proceedings based upon the probability and estimability of losses and to fairly present, in conjunction with the disclosures of these matters in our financial
statements and SEC filings, management's view of our exposure. We review outstanding claims and proceedings with external counsel to assess probability and estimates of loss,  

 37 

 
 
 
   

 which
includes an analysis of whether such loss estimates are probable, reasonably possible, or remote. We re-evaluate these assessments on a quarterly basis or as new and significant information
becomes available to determine whether a liability should be established or if any existing liability should be adjusted. The actual cost of resolving a claim or proceeding ultimately may be
substantially different than the amount of the recorded liability. In addition, because it is not permissible under U.S. GAAP to establish a litigation liability until the loss is both probable
and estimable, in some cases there may be insufficient time to establish a liability prior to the actual incurrence of the loss (upon verdict and judgment at trial, for example, or in the case of a
quickly negotiated settlement).  

          Lease Accounting and Excess Facilities.     Many of our stores are subject to build-to-suit arrangements with landlords, which typically
carry a primary
lease term of up to 15 years with multiple renewal options. We also have stores subject to shorter-term leases and many of these leases have renewal options. Certain of our stores have
provisions for contingent rentals based upon a percentage of defined sales volume. We recognize contingent rental expense when the achievement of specified sales targets is considered probable. We
record minimum rental expense on a straight-line basis over the base, non-cancelable lease term commencing on the date that we take physical possession of the property from the landlord, which
normally includes a period prior to store opening to make necessary leasehold improvements and install store fixtures. When a lease contains a predetermined fixed escalation of the minimum rent, we
recognize the related rent expense on a straight-line basis and record the difference between the
recognized rental expense and the amounts payable under the lease as deferred rent. Tenant allowances, to the extent received, are recorded as deferred incentive rent and amortized as a reduction to
rent expense over the term of the lease. We reflect as a liability any difference between the calculated expense and the amounts actually paid. Improvements of leased properties are amortized over the
shorter of the life of the applicable lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset.  

          Share-Based Payments.     Our stock option awards are valued on an individual grant basis using the Black-Scholes-Merton closed form option
pricing
model. We believe that this model fairly estimates the value of our stock option awards. The application of this valuation model involves assumptions that are judgmental in the valuation of stock
options, which affects compensation expense related to these options. These assumptions include the term that the options are expected to be outstanding, the historical volatility of our stock price,
applicable interest rates and the dividend yield of our stock. Other factors involving judgments that affect the expensing of share-based payments include estimated forfeiture rates of share-based
awards. Historically, these estimates have been materially accurate; however, if our estimates differ materially from actual experience, we may be required to record additional expense or reductions
of expense, which could be material to our future financial results.  


         Fair Value Measurements.     Accounting standards for the measurement of fair value of assets and liabilities establish a fair value
hierarchy that
distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified within Levels 1 and 2
of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity's own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy). Therefore, Level 3
inputs are typically based on an entity's own assumptions, as there is little, if any, related market activity, and thus require the use of significant judgment and estimates. Currently, we have no
assets or liabilities that are valued based solely on Level 3 inputs.  


         Our
fair value measurements are primarily associated with our outstanding debt instruments. We use various valuation models in determining the values of these liabilities. We believe
that in recent years these methodologies have produced materially accurate valuations.  

 38 

 
 
 
   


   
       ITEM 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK          

 


 


Financial Risk Management   

         We are exposed to market risk primarily from adverse changes in interest rates, and to a lesser degree commodity prices. To minimize
this risk, we may periodically use financial instruments, including derivatives. All derivative financial instrument transactions must be authorized and executed pursuant to approval by the Board of
Directors. As a matter of policy, we do not buy or sell financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes, and any such derivative financial instruments are intended to be used to reduce risk
by hedging an underlying economic exposure. Our objective is to correlate derivative financial instruments and the underlying exposure being hedged, so that fluctuations in the value of the financial
instruments are generally offset by reciprocal changes in the value of the underlying economic exposure.  

 


 


Interest Rate Risk   

         We manage our interest rate risk through the strategic use of fixed and variable interest rate debt and, from time to time, derivative
financial instruments. Our principal interest rate exposure relates to outstanding amounts under our unsecured debt Facilities. As of January 29, 2016, we had variable rate borrowings of
$425 million under our Term Facility and borrowings of $251 million outstanding under our Revolving Facility. In order to mitigate a portion of the variable rate interest exposure under
the Facilities, in prior years we have entered into various interest rate swaps. As of January 29, 2016, no such interest rate swaps were outstanding and, as a result, we are exposed to
fluctuations in variable interest rates under the Facilities. For a detailed discussion of our Facilities, see Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.  

         A
change in interest rates on variable rate debt impacts our pre-tax earnings and cash flows; whereas a change in interest rates on fixed rate debt impacts the economic fair value of
debt but not our pre-tax earnings and cash flows. Based on our variable rate borrowing levels and interest rate swaps outstanding as of January 29, 2016 and January 30, 2015, the
annualized effect of a one percentage point
increase in variable interest rates would have resulted in a pretax reduction of our earnings and cash flows of approximately $6.9 million in 2015 and $0.6 million in 2014.  

 39 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

   
       ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA          

   
       Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm          

 The
Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
Dollar General Corporation  

         We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Dollar General Corporation and subsidiaries as of January 29, 2016 and January 30, 2015, and the related
consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended January 29, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.  

         We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

         In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Dollar General Corporation and subsidiaries at
January 29, 2016 and January 30, 2015, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 29, 2016, in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  

         We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Dollar General Corporation and subsidiaries' internal control
over financial reporting as of January 29, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 22, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 
 
  
  Nashville,
Tennessee 
March 22, 2016  

 40 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 
   
       DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES              CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS              (In thousands, except per share amounts)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 January 29, 
2016  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
 (see Note 1) 
   
 
 
   ASSETS 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 157,947 
   
 
 
$ 
 579,823 
   
 
 
   Merchandise inventories 
   
   
 3,074,153 
   
   
 2,782,521 
   
 
 
   Income tax receivable 
   
   
 6,843 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
   
   
 193,467 
   
   
 170,265  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total current assets 
   
   
 3,432,410 
   
   
 3,532,609  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net property and equipment 
   
   
 2,264,062 
   
   
 2,116,075  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 4,338,589 
   
   
 4,338,589  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other intangible assets, net 
   
   
 1,200,994 
   
   
 1,201,870  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other assets, net 
   
   
 21,830 
   
   
 19,499  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,257,885 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,208,642  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current portion of long-term obligations 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,379 
   
 

 
$ 
 101,158 
   
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
   
 1,494,225 
   
   
 1,388,154 
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses and other 
   
   
 467,122 
   
   
 413,760 
   
 
 
   Income taxes payable 
   
   
 32,870 
   
   
 59,400  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total current liabilities 
   
   
 1,995,596 
   
   
 1,962,472  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Long-term obligations 
   
   
 2,969,175 
   
   
 2,623,965  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 639,955 
   
   
 626,858  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 275,283 
   
   
 285,309  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Commitments and contingencies 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Shareholders' equity: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Preferred stock, 1,000 shares authorized 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Common stock; $0.875 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized, 286,694 and 303,447 shares issued and outstanding at January 29, 2016 and
January 30, 2015, respectively 
   
   
 250,855 
   
   
 265,514 
   
 
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
   
 3,107,283 
   
   
 3,048,806 
   
 
 
   Retained earnings 
   
   
 2,025,545 
   
   
 2,403,045 
   
 
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 (5,807 
 ) 
   
 (7,327 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total shareholders' equity 
   
   
 5,377,876 
   
   
 5,710,038  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,257,885 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,208,642  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  

 41 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 
   
       DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME              (In thousands, except per share amounts)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 January 29, 
2016  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 20,368,562 
   
 
 
$ 
 18,909,588 
   
 
 
$ 
 17,504,167 
   
 
 
   Cost of goods sold 
   
   
 14,062,471 
   
   
 13,107,081 
   
   
 12,068,425  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 6,306,091 
   
   
 5,802,507 
   
   
 5,435,742 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 4,365,797 
   
   
 4,033,414 
   
   
 3,699,557  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Operating profit 
   
   
 1,940,294 
   
   
 1,769,093 
   
   
 1,736,185 
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 86,944 
   
   
 88,232 
   
   
 88,984 
   
 
 
   Other (income) expense 
   
   
 326 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 18,871  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income before income taxes 
   
   
 1,853,024 
   
   
 1,680,861 
   
   
 1,628,330 
   
 
 
   Income tax expense 
   
   
 687,944 
   
   
 615,516 
   
   
 603,214  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,165,080 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,065,345 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,025,116  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Earnings per share: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 

 
$ 
 3.96 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.50 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.17 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.95 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.49 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.17 
   
 
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 294,330 
   
   
 304,633 
   
   
 322,886 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 295,211 
   
   
 305,681 
   
   
 323,854 
   
 
 
   Dividends per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 
0.88 
   
 
 
$ 
 
— 
   
 
 
$ 
 
— 
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  

 42 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 
   
       DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME              (In thousands)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 January 29, 
2016  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,165,080 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,065,345 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,025,116 
   
 
 
   Unrealized net gain (loss) on hedged transactions, net of related income tax expense (benefit) of $971, $1,671 and $(4,461), respectively 
   
   
 1,520 
   
   
 2,583 
   
   
 (6,972 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Comprehensive income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,166,600 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,067,928 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,018,144  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  

 43 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 
   
       DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY              (In thousands except per share amounts)     
 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Common 
Stock 
Shares  
   
 Common 
Stock  
   
 Additional 
Paid-in 
Capital  
   
 Retained 
Earnings  
   
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   Balances, February 1, 2013 
   
   
 327,069 
   
 
 
$ 
 286,185 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,991,351 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,710,732 
   
 
 
$ 
 (2,938 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 4,985,330 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,025,116 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,025,116 
   
 
 
   Unrealized net gain (loss) on hedged transactions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (6,972 
 ) 
   
 (6,972 
 ) 
 
 
   Share-based compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 20,961 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 20,961 
   
 
 
   Repurchases of common stock 
   
   
 (11,037 
 ) 
   
 (9,657 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (610,395 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (620,052 
 ) 
 
 
   Tax benefit from stock option exercises 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 24,151 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 24,151 
   
 
 
   Other equity and related transactions 
   
   
 1,026 
   
   
 896 
   
   
 (27,237 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (26,341 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balances, January 31, 2014 
   
   
 317,058 
   
 
 
$ 
 277,424 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,009,226 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,125,453 
   
 
 
$ 
 (9,910 
 ) 
 

 
$ 
 5,402,193 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,065,345 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,065,345 
   
 
 
   Unrealized net gain (loss) on hedged transactions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,583 
   
   
 2,583 
   
 
 
   Share-based compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 37,338 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 37,338 
   
 
 
   Repurchases of common stock 
   
   
 (14,106 
 ) 
   
 (12,342 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (787,753 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (800,095 
 ) 
 
 
   Tax benefit from stock option exercises 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,047 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,047 
   
 
 
   Other equity and related transactions 
   
   
 495 
   
   
 432 
   
   
 (2,805 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,373 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balances, January 30, 2015 
   
   
 303,447 
   
 
 
$ 
 265,514 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,048,806 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,403,045 
   
 
 
$ 
 (7,327 
 ) 
 

 
$ 
 5,710,038 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,165,080 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,165,080 
   
 
 
   Cash dividends, $0.88 per common share 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (258,328 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (258,328 
 ) 
 
 
   Unrealized net gain (loss) on hedged transactions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,520 
   
   
 1,520 
   
 
 
   Share-based compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 38,547 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 38,547 
   
 
 
   Repurchases of common stock 
   
   
 (17,556 
 ) 
   
 (15,361 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,284,252 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,299,613 
 ) 
 
 
   Tax benefit from stock option exercises 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 13,698 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 13,698 
   
 
 
   Other equity and related transactions 
   
   
 803 
   
   
 702 
   
   
 6,232 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6,934  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balances, January 29, 2016 
   
   
 286,694 
   
 
 
$ 
 250,855 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,107,283 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,025,545 
   
 
 
$ 
 (5,807 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 5,377,876  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  

 44 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 
   
       DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS              (In thousands)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 January 29, 
2016  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 
 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,165,080 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,065,345 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,025,116 
   
 
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 352,431 
   
   
 342,353 
   
   
 332,837 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 12,126 
   
   
 (17,734 
 ) 
   
 (36,851 
 ) 
 
 
   Tax benefit of share-based awards 
   
   
 (13,698 
 ) 
   
 (12,147 
 ) 
   
 (30,990 
 ) 
 
 
   Loss on debt retirement, net 
   
   
 326 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 18,871 
   
 
 
   Noncash share-based compensation 
   
   
 38,547 
   
   
 37,338 
   
   
 20,961 
   
 
 
   Other noncash (gains) and losses 
   
   
 7,797 
   
   
 8,551 
   
   
 (12,747 
 ) 
 
 
   Change in operating assets and liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Merchandise inventories 
   
   
 (290,001 
 ) 
   
 (233,559 
 ) 
   
 (144,943 
 ) 
 
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
   
   
 (24,626 
 ) 
   
 (25,048 
 ) 
   
 (4,947 
 ) 
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
   
 105,637 
   
   
 97,166 
   
   
 36,942 
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
   
   
 44,949 
   
   
 41,635 
   
   
 16,265 
   
 
 
   Income taxes 
   
   
 (19,675 
 ) 
   
 12,399 
   
   
 (5,249 
 ) 
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 (905 
 ) 
   
 (1,555 
 ) 
   
 (2,200 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
   
   
 1,377,988 
   
   
 1,314,744 
   
   
 1,213,065  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Purchases of property and equipment 
   
   
 (504,806 
 ) 
   
 (373,967 
 ) 
   
 (538,444 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from sales of property and equipment 
   
   
 1,423 
   
   
 2,268 
   
   
 288,466  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
   
   
 (503,383 
 ) 
   
 (371,699 
 ) 
   
 (249,978 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Issuance of long-term obligations 
   
   
 499,220 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,297,177 
   
 
 
   Repayments of long-term obligations 
   
   
 (502,401 
 ) 
   
 (78,467 
 ) 
   
 (2,119,991 
 ) 
 
 
   Borrowings under revolving credit facilities 
   
   
 2,034,100 
   
   
 1,023,000 
   
   
 1,172,900 
   
 
 
   Repayments of borrowings under revolving credit facilities 
   
   
 (1,783,100 
 ) 
   
 (1,023,000 
 ) 
   
 (1,303,800 
 ) 
 
 
   Debt issuance costs 
   
   
 (6,991 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (15,996 
 ) 
 
 
   Payments for cash flow hedge related to debt issuance 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (13,217 
 ) 
 
 
   Repurchases of common stock 
   
   
 (1,299,613 
 ) 
   
 (800,095 
 ) 
   
 (620,052 
 ) 
 
 
   Payments of cash dividends 
   
   
 (258,328 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other equity and related transactions 
   
   
 6,934 
   
   
 (2,373 
 ) 
   
 (26,341 
 ) 
 
 
   Tax benefit of share-based awards 
   
   
 13,698 
   
   
 12,147 
   
   
 30,990  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
   
   
 (1,296,481 
 ) 
   
 (868,788 
 ) 
   
 (598,330 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 (421,876 
 ) 
   
 74,257 
   
   
 364,757 
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
   
   
 579,823 
   
   
 505,566 
   
   
 140,809  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
   
 
 
$ 
 157,947 
   
 
 
$ 
 579,823 
   
 
 
$ 
 505,566  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Supplemental cash flow information: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash paid for: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest 
   
 
 
$ 
 76,354 
   
 
 
$ 
 82,447 
   
 
 
$ 
 73,464 
   
 
 
   Income taxes 
   
 
 
$ 
 697,357 
   
 
 
$ 
 631,483 
   
 
 
$ 
 646,811 
   
 
 
   Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing activities: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Purchases of property and equipment awaiting processing for payment, included in Accounts payable 
   
 
 
$ 
 32,020 
   
 
 
$ 
 31,586 
   
 
 
$ 
 27,082 
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  

 45 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 
   
       DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          

 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies   

 


 


Basis of presentation   

         These notes contain references to the years 2015, 2014, and 2013, which represent fiscal years ended January 29, 2016,
January 30, 2015, and January 31, 2014, respectively, each of which were 52-week accounting periods. The Company's fiscal year ends on the Friday closest to January 31. The
consolidated financial statements include all subsidiaries of the Company, except for its not-for-profit subsidiary which the Company does not control. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated.  

         The
Company sells general merchandise on a retail basis through 12,483 stores (as of January 29, 2016) in 43 states covering most of the southern, southwestern, midwestern and
eastern United States. The Company has owned distribution centers ("DCs") in Scottsville, Kentucky; South Boston, Virginia; Alachua, Florida; Zanesville, Ohio; Jonesville, South Carolina; Marion,
Indiana; Bessemer, Alabama; Bethel, Pennsylvania; and San Antonio, Texas, and leased DCs in Ardmore, Oklahoma; Fulton, Missouri; Indianola, Mississippi; and Lebec, California.  

 


 


Cash and cash equivalents   

         Cash and cash equivalents include highly liquid investments with insignificant interest rate risk and original maturities of three
months or less when purchased. Such investments primarily consist of money market funds, bank deposits, certificates of deposit, and commercial paper. The carrying amounts of these items are a
reasonable estimate of their fair value due to the short maturity of these investments.  


         Payments
due from processors for electronic tender transactions classified as cash and cash equivalents totaled approximately $59.5 million and $58.5 million at
January 29, 2016 and January 30, 2015, respectively.  

         At
January 29, 2016, the Company maintained cash balances to meet a $20 million minimum threshold set by insurance regulators, as further described below under "Insurance
liabilities."  

 


 


Investments in debt and equity securities   

         The Company accounts for investments in debt and marketable equity securities as held-to-maturity, available-for-sale, or trading,
depending on their classification. Debt securities categorized as held-to-maturity are stated at amortized cost. Debt and equity securities categorized as available-for-sale are stated at fair value,
with any unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred income taxes, reported as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Trading securities are stated at fair value, with changes in fair
value recorded as a component of Selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expense. The cost of securities sold is based upon the specific identification method.  

 


 


Merchandise inventories   

         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market with cost determined using the retail last-in, first-out ("LIFO") method as this
method results in a better matching of costs and revenues. Under the Company's retail inventory method ("RIM"), the calculation of gross profit
and the resulting valuation of inventories at cost are computed by applying a calculated cost-to-retail inventory ratio to the retail value of sales at a department level. The use of the RIM will
result in valuing inventories at the lower of cost or market ("LCM") if markdowns are currently taken as a reduction of the retail value of inventories. Costs directly associated with warehousing and
distribution are capitalized into inventory.  

 46 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  

         The
excess of current cost over LIFO cost was approximately $92.9 million and $95.1 million at January 29, 2016 and January 30, 2015, respectively. Current
cost is determined using the RIM on a first-in, first-out basis. Under the LIFO inventory method, the impacts of rising or falling market price changes increase or decrease cost of sales (the LIFO
provision or benefit). The Company recorded a LIFO provision (benefit) of $(2.3) million in 2015, $4.2 million in 2014, and $(11.0) million in 2013, which is included in cost of goods sold in
the consolidated statements of income.  

         The
Company purchases its merchandise from a wide variety of suppliers. The Company's largest and second largest suppliers each accounted for approximately 7% of the Company's purchases
in 2015.  

 


 


Vendor rebates   

         The Company accounts for all cash consideration received from vendors in accordance with applicable accounting standards pertaining to
such arrangements. Cash consideration received from a vendor is generally presumed to be a rebate or an allowance and is accounted for as a reduction of merchandise purchase costs as earned. However,
certain specific, incremental and otherwise qualifying SG&A expenses related to the promotion or sale of vendor products may be offset by cash consideration received from vendors, in accordance with
arrangements such as cooperative advertising, when earned for dollar amounts up to but not exceeding actual incremental costs.  

 


 


Prepaid expenses and other current assets   

         Prepaid expenses and other current assets include prepaid amounts for rent, maintenance, business licenses, advertising, and insurance,
and amounts receivable for certain vendor rebates (primarily those expected to be collected in cash) and coupons.  

 


 


Property and equipment   

         In 2007, the Company's property and equipment was recorded at estimated fair values as the result of a merger transaction. Property and
equipment acquired subsequent to the merger has been recorded at cost. The Company records depreciation and amortization on a straight-line basis over the assets'  

 47 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  

 estimated
useful lives. The Company's property and equipment balances and depreciable lives are summarized as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)


 

  
   
 Depreciable 
Life  
   
 January 29, 
2016  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 
 
   Land 
   
 Indefinite 
   
 
 
$ 
 188,532 
   
 
 
$ 
 172,329 
   
 
 
   Land improvements 
   
 20 
   
   
 66,955 
   
   
 55,375 
   
 
 
   Buildings 
   
 39 - 40 
   
   
 834,884 
   
   
 800,346 
   
 
 
   Leasehold improvements 
   
 (a) 
   
   
 402,997 
   
   
 361,557 
   
 
 
   Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
   
 3 - 10 
   
   
 2,526,843 
   
   
 2,295,590 
   
 
 
   Construction in progress 
   
   
   
   
 150,275 
   
   
 68,360  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
 4,170,486 
   
   
 3,753,557 
   
 
 
   Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
   
   
   
   
 1,906,424 
   
   
 1,637,482  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net property and equipment 
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 2,264,062 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,116,075  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Amortized
over the lesser of the life of the applicable lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset.   
  
          Depreciation
expense related to property and equipment was approximately $350.6 million, $335.9 million and $315.3 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013. Amortization of
capital lease assets is included in depreciation expense. Interest on borrowed funds during the construction of property and equipment is capitalized where applicable. Interest costs of
$1.4 million, $0.2 million and $1.2 million were capitalized in 2015, 2014 and 2013.  

 


 


Impairment of long-lived assets   

         When indicators of impairment are present, the Company evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets, other than goodwill and other
indefinite-lived intangible assets, in relation to the operating performance and future cash flows or the appraised values of the underlying assets. Generally, the Company's policy is to review for
impairment stores open more than three years for which current cash flows from operations are negative. Impairment results when the carrying value of the assets exceeds the undiscounted future cash
flows expected to be generated by the assets. The Company's estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is based upon historical operations of the stores and estimates of future store profitability
which encompasses many factors that are subject to variability and difficult to predict. If a long-lived asset is found to be impaired, the amount recognized for impairment is equal to the difference
between the carrying value and the asset's estimated fair value. The fair value is estimated based primarily upon estimated future cash flows over the asset's remaining useful life (discounted at the
Company's credit adjusted risk-free rate) or other reasonable estimates of fair market value. Assets to be disposed of are adjusted to the fair value less the cost to sell if less than the book value.  

         The
Company recorded impairment charges included in SG&A expense of approximately $5.9 million in 2015, $1.9 million in 2014 and $0.5 million in 2013, to reduce the
carrying value of certain of its stores' assets. Such action was deemed necessary based on the Company's evaluation that such amounts would not be recoverable primarily due to insufficient sales or
excessive costs resulting in the carrying value of the assets exceeding the estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated by the assets at these locations.  

 48 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  

 


 


Goodwill and other intangible assets   

         The Company amortizes intangible assets over their estimated useful lives unless such lives are deemed indefinite. Goodwill and
intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if indicators of impairment are present. Other intangible assets are tested for impairment if indicators
of impairment are present. Impaired assets are written down to fair value as required. No impairment of intangible assets has been identified during any of the periods presented.  


         In
accordance with accounting standards for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether events and
circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that goodwill or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If after such assessment an entity concludes that the asset is not impaired,
then the entity is not required to take further action. However, if an entity concludes otherwise, then it is required to determine the fair value of the asset using a quantitative impairment test,
and if impaired, the associated assets must be written down to fair value as described in further detail below.  


         The
quantitative goodwill impairment test is a two-step process that would require management to make judgments in determining what assumptions to use in the calculation. The first step
of the process consists of estimating the fair value of an entity's reporting units based on valuation techniques (including a discounted cash flow model using revenue and profit forecasts) and
comparing that estimated fair value with the recorded carrying value, which includes goodwill. If the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value, a second step is performed to compute the
amount of the impairment by determining an "implied fair value" of goodwill. The determination of the implied fair value of goodwill would require the entity to allocate the estimated fair value of
its reporting unit to its assets and liabilities. Any unallocated fair value would represent the implied fair value of goodwill, which would be compared to its corresponding carrying value.  

         The
quantitative impairment test for intangible assets compares the fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of an intangible asset exceeds its
fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.  

 


 


Other assets   

         Noncurrent Other assets consist primarily of qualifying prepaid expenses for maintenance, beer and wine licenses, and utility, security
and other deposits.  

 


 


Accrued expenses and other liabilities   

         Accrued expenses and other consist of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 January 29, 
2016  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 
 
   Compensation and benefits 
   
 
 
$ 
 111,191 
   
 
 
$ 
 78,645 
   
 
 
   Insurance 
   
   
 82,182 
   
   
 81,944 
   
 
 
   Taxes (other than taxes on income) 
   
   
 136,762 
   
   
 124,893 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 136,987 
   
   
 128,278  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 467,122 
   
 
 
$ 
 413,760  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Included
in other accrued expenses are liabilities such as interest expense, freight expense, and utilities.  

 49 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  

 


 


Insurance liabilities   

         The Company retains a significant portion of risk for its workers' compensation, employee health, general liability, property and
automobile claim exposures. Accordingly, provisions are made for the Company's estimates of such risks. The undiscounted future claim costs for the workers' compensation, general liability, and health
claim risks are derived using actuarial methods and are recorded as self-insurance reserves pursuant to Company policy. To the extent that subsequent claim costs vary from those estimates, future
results of operations will be affected as the reserves are adjusted.  

         Ashley
River Insurance Company ("ARIC"), a South Carolina-based wholly owned captive insurance subsidiary of the Company, charges the operating subsidiary companies premiums to insure
the retained workers' compensation and non-property general liability exposures. Pursuant to South Carolina insurance regulations, ARIC maintains certain levels of cash and cash equivalents related to
its self-insured exposures. ARIC currently insures no unrelated third-party risk.  

 


 


Operating leases and related liabilities   

         Rent expense is recognized over the term of the lease. The Company records minimum rental expense on a straight-line basis over the
base, non-cancelable lease term commencing on the date that the Company takes physical possession of the property from the landlord, which normally includes a period prior to the store opening to make
necessary leasehold improvements and install store fixtures. When a lease contains a predetermined fixed escalation of the minimum rent, the Company recognizes the related rent expense on a
straight-line basis and records the difference between the recognized rental expense and the amounts payable under the lease as deferred rent. Tenant allowances, to the extent received, are recorded
as deferred incentive rent and are amortized as
a reduction to rent expense over the term of the lease. The difference between the calculated expense and the amounts paid result in a liability, with the current portion in Accrued expenses and other
and the long-term portion in Other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, and totaled approximately $57.9 million and $54.6 million at January 29, 2016 and
January 30, 2015, respectively.  

         The
Company recognizes contingent rental expense when the achievement of specified sales targets is considered probable. The amount expensed but not paid as of January 29, 2016
and January 30, 2015 was approximately $4.0 million and $4.8 million, respectively, and is included in Accrued expenses and other in the consolidated balance sheets.  


 


 


Other liabilities   

         Noncurrent Other liabilities consist of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 January 29, 
2016  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 
 
   Insurance 
   
 
 
$ 
 137,798 
   
 
 
$ 
 140,916 
   
 
 
   Deferred rent 
   
   
 57,017 
   
   
 53,975 
   
 
 
   Deferred gain on sale leaseback 
   
   
 53,737 
   
   
 58,215 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 26,731 
   
   
 32,203  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 275,283 
   
 
 
$ 
 285,309  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  50 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  

 


 


Fair value accounting   

         The Company utilizes accounting standards for fair value, which include the definition of fair value, the framework for measuring fair
value, and disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. Therefore, a fair value measurement should be determined based on
the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. As a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, fair value accounting
standards establish a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs
that are classified within Levels 1 and 2 of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity's own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within Level 3
of the hierarchy).  

         Level 1
inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Level 2 inputs are
inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability. Level 2 inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and
liabilities in active markets, as well as inputs that are observable for the asset or liability (other than quoted prices), such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and yield curves that are
observable at commonly quoted intervals. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which are based on an entity's own assumptions, as there is little, if any,
observable market activity. In instances where the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the
entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company's assessment of the significance of a particular
input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability.  

         The
valuation of derivative financial instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each
derivative. This analysis takes into account the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves. The
fair values of interest rate swaps are determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash payments (or receipts) and the discounted expected variable cash
receipts (or payments). The
variable cash receipts (or payments) are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate curves.  

         The
Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty's nonperformance risk in the fair value
measurements. The Company considers the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees, to adjust the fair value of
outstanding derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk. In connection with accounting standards for fair value measurement, the Company has made an accounting policy election to
measure the credit risk of outstanding derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio.  

 


 


Derivative financial instruments   

         The Company accounts for derivative financial instruments in accordance with applicable accounting standards for such instruments and
hedging activities, which require that all derivatives are  

 51 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  

 recorded
on the balance sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether the Company has elected to designate a
derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting.  

         Derivatives
designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, such as
interest rate risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted
transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Derivatives may also be designated as hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation. Hedge accounting generally
provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are
attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are
intended to economically hedge a certain portion of its risk, even though hedge accounting does not apply or the Company elects not to apply the hedge accounting standards.  


 


 


Revenue and gain recognition   

         The Company recognizes retail sales in its stores at the time the customer takes possession of merchandise. All sales are net of
discounts and estimated returns and are presented net of taxes assessed by governmental authorities that are imposed concurrent with those sales. The liability for retail merchandise returns is based
on the Company's prior experience. The Company records gain contingencies when realized.  

         The
Company recognizes gift card sales revenue at the time of redemption. The liability for the gift cards is established for the cash value at the time of purchase. The liability for
outstanding gift cards was approximately $2.8 million and $2.5 million at January 29, 2016 and January 30, 2015, respectively, and is recorded in Accrued expenses and other
liabilities. Estimated breakage revenue, a percentage of gift cards that will never be redeemed based on historical redemption rates, is recognized over time in proportion to actual gift card
redemptions. The Company recorded breakage revenue of $0.6 million and $2.4 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively.  

 


 


Advertising costs   

         Advertising costs are expensed upon performance, "first showing" or distribution, and are reflected in SG&A expenses net of earned
cooperative advertising amounts provided by vendors which are specific, incremental and otherwise qualifying expenses related to the promotion or sale of vendor products for dollar amounts up to but
not exceeding actual incremental costs. Advertising costs were $89.3 million, $77.3 million and $70.5 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. These costs primarily include
promotional circulars, targeted circulars supporting new stores, television and radio advertising, in-store signage, and costs associated with the sponsorships of certain automobile racing activities.
Vendor funding for cooperative advertising offset reported expenses by $36.7 million, $35.0 million and $31.9 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

 52 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  

 


 


Share-based payments   

         The Company recognizes compensation expense for share-based compensation based on the fair value of the awards on the grant date.
Forfeitures are estimated at the time of valuation and reduce expense ratably over the vesting period. This estimate may be adjusted periodically based on the extent to which actual forfeitures
differ, or are expected to differ, from the prior estimate. The forfeiture rate is the estimated percentage of share-based awards granted that are expected to be forfeited or canceled before becoming
fully vested. The Company bases this estimate on historical experience or estimates of future trends, as applicable. An increase in the forfeiture rate will decrease compensation expense.  

         The
fair value of each option grant is separately estimated and amortized into compensation expense on a straight-line basis between the applicable grant date and each vesting date. The
Company has estimated the fair value of all stock option awards as of the grant date by applying the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing valuation model. The application of this valuation model
involves assumptions that are judgmental and highly sensitive in the determination of compensation expense.  


         The
Company calculates compensation expense for restricted stock, share units and similar awards as the difference between the market price of the underlying stock or similar award on
the grant date and the purchase price, if any. Such expense is recognized on a straight-line basis for graded awards or an accelerated basis for performance awards over the period in which the
recipient earns the awards.  

 


 


Store pre-opening costs   


         Pre-opening costs related to new store openings and the related construction periods are expensed as incurred.  

 


 


Income taxes   

         Under the accounting standards for income taxes, the asset and liability method is used for computing the future income tax
consequences of events that have been recognized
in the Company's consolidated financial statements or income tax returns. Deferred income tax expense or benefit is the net change during the year in the Company's deferred income tax assets and
liabilities.  

         The
Company includes income tax related interest and penalties as a component of the provision for income tax expense.  

         Income
tax reserves are determined using a methodology which requires companies to assess each income tax position taken using a two-step process. A determination is first made as to
whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained, based upon the technical merits, upon examination by the taxing authorities. If the tax position is expected to meet the more
likely than not criteria, the benefit recorded for the tax position equals the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement of the respective tax position.
Uncertain tax positions require determinations and estimated liabilities to be made based on provisions of the tax law which may be subject to change or varying interpretation. If the Company's
determinations and estimates prove to be inaccurate, the resulting adjustments could be material to the Company's future financial results.  

 53 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  

 


 


Management estimates   

         The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

 


 


Accounting standards   

         In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued comprehensive new accounting standards related to the recognition
of revenue, which specified an effective date for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption not permitted. In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective
date to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with earlier adoption permitted only for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The new guidance
allows for companies to use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach in the adoption of this guidance. The Company is currently evaluating these transition approaches, as well
as the potential timing of adoption and the effect of adoption on its consolidated financial statements.  

         In
April 2015, the FASB issued new accounting guidance related to the presentation of debt issuance costs and requires such costs to be presented as a deduction from the corresponding
debt liability, consistent with the presentation of debt discounts and/or premiums. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within
those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The guidance must be applied retrospectively to all periods presented within the financial statements. The Company adopted this guidance in the third
quarter of 2015. As a result, the presentation of $15.5 million of debt issuance costs (net of accumulated amortization) previously classified as Other assets, net are reflected in Long-term
obligations on the consolidated balance sheet as of January 30, 2015.  

         In
November 2015, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which will require companies to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent on the balance sheet instead of
separating them into current and noncurrent amounts. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early
adoption permitted. This guidance may be adopted on a prospective or retrospective basis. The Company adopted this guidance retrospectively in the fourth quarter of 2015. As a result, the presentation
of $25.3 million of deferred income taxes previously classified as a current liability are reflected in noncurrent deferred income taxes on the consolidated balance sheet as of
January 30, 2015.  

         In
February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance related to lease accounting. This guidance requires a dual approach for lessee accounting under which a lessee will account for leases as
finance leases or operating leases. Both finance leases and operating leases will result in the lessee recognizing a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability on its balance sheet, with
differing methodology for income statement recognition. This guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after
December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective approach is required for all leases existing or entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period
in the consolidated financial statements. The Company is currently assessing the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated financial  

 54 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


1. Basis of presentation and accounting policies (Continued)  


 statements
and is anticipating a material impact because the Company is party to a significant number of lease contracts.  

 


 


Reclassifications   

         Certain financial disclosures relating to prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation where
applicable.  

 


 


2. Goodwill and other intangible assets   

 
        As of January 29, 2016 and January 30, 2015, the balances of the Company's intangible assets were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 As of January 29, 2016  
   
 
 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 Remaining 
Life  
   
 Amount  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Net  
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
 Indefinite 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,338,589 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,338,589  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Other intangible assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Leasehold interests 
   
 1 to 7 years 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,379 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,085 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,294 
   
 
 
   Trade names and trademarks 
   
 Indefinite 
   
   
 1,199,700 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,199,700  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 

 
$ 
 1,204,079 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,085 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,200,994  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 As of January 30, 2015  
   
 
 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 Remaining 
Life  
   
 Amount  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Net  
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
 Indefinite 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,338,589 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,338,589  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Other intangible assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Leasehold interests 
   
 1 to 8 years 
   
 
 
$ 
 18,218 
   
 
 
$ 
 16,048 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,170 
   
 
 
   Trade names and trademarks 
   
 Indefinite 
   
   
 1,199,700 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,199,700  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 

 
$ 
 1,217,918 
   
 
 
$ 
 16,048 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,201,870  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company recorded amortization expense related to amortizable intangible assets for 2015, 2014 and 2013 of $0.9 million, $5.8 million and $11.9 million,
respectively, all of which is included in rent expense. Expected future cash flows associated with the Company's intangible assets are not expected to be materially affected by the Company's intent or
ability to renew or extend the arrangements. The Company's goodwill balance is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.  


         For
intangible assets subject to amortization, the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years is as follows:
2016—$0.3 million, 2017—$0.2 million, 2018—$0.2 million and 2019—$0.2 million and 2020—$0.1 million.  

 55 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   


 


 


3. Earnings per share   

 
        Earnings per share is computed as follows (in thousands except per share data):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2015  
   
 
 
   
   
 Net 
Income  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Shares  
   
 Per Share 
Amount  
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,165,080 
   
   
 294,330 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.96 
   
 
 
   Effect of dilutive share-based awards 
   
   
   
   
   
 881 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,165,080 
   
   
 295,211 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.95  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   
   
 Net 
Income  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Shares  
   
 Per Share 
Amount  
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,065,345 
   
   
 304,633 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.50 
   
 
 
   Effect of dilutive share-based awards 
   
   
   
   
   
 1,048 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,065,345 
   
   
 305,681 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.49  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 Net 
Income  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Shares  
   
 Per Share 
Amount  
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,025,116 
   
   
 322,886 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.17 
   
 
 
   Effect of dilutive share-based awards 
   
   
   
   
   
 968 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,025,116 
   
   
 323,854 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.17  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Basic
earnings per share was computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share was
determined based on the dilutive effect of share-based awards using the treasury stock method.  

         Options
to purchase shares of common stock that were outstanding at the end of the respective periods, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the
effect of exercising such options would be antidilutive, were 1.3 million, 1.2 million, and 1.2 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

 56 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


4. Income taxes   

 
        The provision (benefit) for income taxes consists of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)


 

  
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Current: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Federal 
   
 
 
$ 
 590,120 
   
 
 
$ 
 543,089 
   
 
 
$ 
 530,728 
   
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 1,678 
   
   
 1,245 
   
   
 1,324 
   
 
 
   State 
   
   
 84,021 
   
   
 81,816 
   
   
 101,174  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 675,819 
   
   
 626,150 
   
   
 633,226  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Deferred: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Federal 
   
   
 6,410 
   
   
 (7,697 
 ) 
   
 (16,132 
 ) 
 
 
   State 
   
   
 5,715 
   
   
 (2,937 
 ) 
   
 (13,880 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 12,125 
   
   
 (10,634 
 ) 
   
 (30,012 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 687,944 
   
 
 
$ 
 615,516 
   
 
 
$ 
 603,214  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          A
reconciliation between actual income taxes and amounts computed by applying the federal statutory rate to income before income taxes is summarized as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Dollars in thousands)


 

  
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   U.S. federal statutory rate on earnings before income taxes 
   
 
 
$ 
 648,558 
   
   
 35.0 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 588,303 
   
   
 35.0 
 % 
 

 
$ 
 569,916 
   
   
 35.0 
 % 
 
 
   State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 
   
   
 59,700 
   
   
 3.2 
   
   
 49,819 
   
   
 3.0 
   
   
 56,822 
   
   
 3.5 
   
 
 
   Jobs credits, net of federal income taxes 
   
   
 (21,366 
 ) 
   
 (1.2 
 ) 
   
 (18,961 
 ) 
   
 (1.1 
 ) 
   
 (19,348 
 ) 
   
 (1.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Increase (decrease) in valuation allowances 
   
   
 (1,371 
 ) 
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 1,453 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 (437 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Decrease in income tax reserves 
   
   
 (2,037 
 ) 
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 (6,449 
 ) 
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 (6,391 
 ) 
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 4,460 
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
 1,351 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,652 
   
   
 0.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 687,944 
   
   
 37.1 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 615,516 
   
   
 36.6 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 603,214 
   
   
 37.0 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
2015 effective tax rate was an expense of 37.1%. This expense was greater than the federal statutory tax rate of 35% due primarily to the inclusion of state income taxes in the total
effective tax rate. The 2015 effective income tax rate increased from 2014 due principally to federal and state reserve releases in 2014 that did not reoccur, to the same extent, in 2015.  

         The
2014 effective tax rate was an expense of 36.6%. This expense was greater than the federal statutory tax rate of 35% due primarily to the inclusion of state income taxes in the total
effective tax rate. The 2014 effective income tax rate decreased from 2013 due principally to the favorable resolution of state income tax examinations and a reduction in other state income tax
reserve increases.  

         The
2013 effective tax rate was an expense of 37.0%. This expense was greater than the federal statutory tax rate of 35% due primarily to the inclusion of state income taxes in the total
effective tax rate.  

 57 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


4. Income taxes (Continued)  

         Deferred
taxes reflect the effects of temporary differences between carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax
purposes. Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 January 29, 
2016  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 
 
   Deferred tax assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Deferred compensation expense 
   
 
 
$ 
 8,200 
   
 
 
$ 
 8,842 
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses 
   
   
 8,139 
   
   
 5,146 
   
 
 
   Accrued rent 
   
   
 20,793 
   
   
 19,360 
   
 
 
   Accrued insurance 
   
   
 72,676 
   
   
 76,197 
   
 
 
   Accrued incentive compensation 
   
   
 19,902 
   
   
 14,866 
   
 
 
   Share based compensation 
   
   
 17,988 
   
   
 17,623 
   
 
 
   Interest rate hedges 
   
   
 3,702 
   
   
 4,318 
   
 
 
   Tax benefit of income tax and interest reserves related to uncertain tax
positions           
   
   
 1,371 
   
   
 1,502 
   
 
 
   Deferred gain on sale-leaseback 
   
   
 22,637 
   
   
 24,385 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 9,440 
   
   
 3,550 
   
 
 
   State tax credit carry forwards, net of federal tax 
   
   
 10,711 
   
   
 11,039  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 195,559 
   
   
 186,828 
   
 
 
   Less valuation allowances 
   
   
 (1,474 
 ) 
   
 (2,845 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
   
 194,085 
   
   
 183,983  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property and equipment 
   
   
 (320,619 
 ) 
   
 (302,531 
 ) 
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 (72,456 
 ) 
   
 (73,188 
 ) 
 
 
   Trademarks 
   
   
 (433,548 
 ) 
   
 (433,328 
 ) 
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 (7,417 
 ) 
   
 (1,794 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 (834,040 
 ) 
   
 (810,841 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net deferred tax liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 (639,955 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (626,858 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Deferred
tax assets (liabilities) at January 30, 2015 include the reclassification of current deferred tax assets and liabilities to noncurrent. See Note 1 for additional
information.  

         The
Company has state tax credit carry forwards of approximately $16.5 million that will expire beginning in 2021 through 2024.  

         A
valuation allowance has been provided for state tax credit carry forwards. The 2015 decrease of $1.4 million was recorded as a reduction in income tax expense. The 2014 increase
of $1.5 million and 2013 decrease of $0.4 million were recorded as an increase and a reduction in income tax expense, respectively. Based upon expected future income, management believes
that it is more likely than not that the results of operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets after giving consideration to the valuation allowance.  

         The
Company's 2010 and earlier tax years are not open for further examination by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"). Due to the filing of an amended federal income tax return for the
2011 tax  

 58 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


4. Income taxes (Continued)  

 year,
the IRS may, to a limited extent, examine the Company's 2011 income tax filings. The IRS, at its discretion, may also choose to examine the Company's 2012 through 2014 fiscal year income tax
filings. The Company has various state income tax examinations that are currently in progress. Generally, the Company's 2011 and later tax years remain open for examination by the various state taxing
authorities.  

         As
of January 29, 2016, accruals for uncertain tax benefits, interest expense related to income taxes and potential income tax penalties were $7.0 million,
$0.9 million and $0.8 million, respectively, for a total of $8.7 million. This total amount is reflected in noncurrent Other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.  

         As
of January 30, 2015, accruals for uncertain tax benefits, interest expense related to income taxes and potential income tax penalties were $9.3 million,
$1.0 million and $0.4 million, respectively, for a total of $10.7 million. This total amount is reflected in noncurrent Other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.  

         The
Company believes that it is reasonably possible that the reserve for uncertain tax positions may be reduced by approximately $2.6 million in the coming twelve months
principally as a result of the
effective settlement of outstanding issues. Also, as of January 29, 2016, approximately $7.0 million of the uncertain tax positions would impact the Company's effective income tax rate
if the Company were to recognize the tax benefit for these positions.  

         The
amounts associated with uncertain tax positions included in income tax expense consists of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)


 

  
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
 
 
$ 
 (2,379 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (9,497 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (3,915 
 ) 
 
 
   Income tax related interest expense (benefit) 
   
   
 (23 
 ) 
   
 (1,445 
 ) 
   
 590 
   
 
 
   Income tax related penalty expense (benefit) 
   
   
 373 
   
   
 51 
   
   
 30 
   
 
 
 
  
          A
reconciliation of the uncertain income tax positions from February 1, 2013 through January 29, 2016 is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)


 

  
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,343 
   
 
 
$ 
 19,583 
   
 
 
$ 
 22,237 
   
 
 
   Increases—tax positions taken in the current year 
   
   
 214 
   
   
 198 
   
   
 3,484 
   
 
 
   Increases—tax positions taken in prior years 
   
   
 17 
   
   
 62 
   
   
 3,000 
   
 
 
   Decreases—tax positions taken in prior years 
   
   
 (106 
 ) 
   
 (8,636 
 ) 
   
 (608 
 ) 
 
 
   Statute expirations 
   
   
 (2,504 
 ) 
   
 (1,121 
 ) 
   
 (7,622 
 ) 
 
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (743 
 ) 
   
 (908 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Ending balance 
   
 
 
$ 
 6,964 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,343 
   
 
 
$ 
 19,583  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  59 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


5. Current and long-term obligations   

 
        Current and long-term obligations consist of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 January 29, 
2016  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 
 
   Senior unsecured credit facilities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Term Facility 
   
 
 
$ 
 425,000 
   
 
 
$ 
 925,000 
   
 
 
   Revolving Facility 
   
   
 251,000 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   4.125% Senior Notes due July 15, 2017 
   
   
 500,000 
   
   
 500,000 
   
 
 
   1.875% Senior Notes due April 15, 2018 (net of discount of $203 and $294) 
   
   
 399,797 
   
   
 399,706 
   
 
 
   3.250% Senior Notes due April 15, 2023 (net of discount of $1,775 and $1,991) 
   
   
 898,225 
   
   
 898,009 
   
 
 
   4.150% Senior Notes due November 1, 2025 (net of discount of $764) 
   
   
 499,236 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Capital lease obligations 
   
   
 4,806 
   
   
 5,875 
   
 
 
   Tax increment financing due February 1, 2035 
   
   
 10,590 
   
   
 11,995 
   
 
 
   Debt issuance costs, net 
   
   
 (18,100 
 ) 
   
 (15,462 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 2,970,554 
   
   
 2,725,123 
   
 
 
   Less: current portion 
   
   
 (1,379 
 ) 
   
 (101,158 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Long-term portion 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,969,175 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,623,965  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Borrowing Facilities and 2015 Refinancing   

         On October 20, 2015, the Company consummated a refinancing, pursuant to which the Company amended and restated its senior
unsecured credit facilities (and refinanced all borrowings thereunder) and issued senior notes in an aggregate principal amount of $500.0 million, net of discount totaling $0.8 million.
The amended and restated senior unsecured credit facilities (the "Facilities") consist of a $425.0 million senior unsecured term loan facility (the "Term Facility") and a $1.0 billion
senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Facility") which provides for the issuance of letters of credit up to $175.0 million. The Facilities are scheduled to mature on
October 20, 2020. The Company incurred $2.6 million of new debt issuance costs associated with the refinancing of the Facilities.  

         Borrowings
under the Facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable interest rate margin plus, at the Company's option, either (a) LIBOR or (b) a base rate
(which is usually equal to the prime rate). The applicable interest rate margin for borrowings as of January 29, 2016 was 1.10% for LIBOR borrowings and 0.10% for base-rate borrowings. The
Company must also pay a facility fee, payable on any used and unused commitment amounts of the Facilities, and customary fees on letters of credit issued under the Revolving Facility. As of
January 29, 2016, the commitment fee rate was 0.15%. The applicable interest rate margins for borrowings, the facility fees and the letter of credit fees under the Facilities are subject to
adjustment from time to time based on the Company's long-term senior unsecured debt ratings. The weighted average all-in interest rate for borrowings under the Facilities was 1.65% as of
January 29, 2016.  

         The
Facilities can be voluntarily prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty. There is no required principal amortization under the Facilities. The Facilities contain a
number of customary  

 60 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


5. Current and long-term obligations (Continued)  

 affirmative
and negative covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the Company's and its subsidiaries' ability to: incur additional liens; sell all or substantially
all of the Company's assets; consummate certain fundamental changes or change in the Company's lines of business; and incur additional subsidiary indebtedness. The Facilities also contain financial
covenants which require the maintenance of a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio. As of January 29, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. The
Facilities also contain customary events of default.  

         As
of January 29, 2016, under the Revolving Facility, the Company had borrowing availability of $722.0 million. In addition, the Company had outstanding letters of credit
totaling $38.7 million, $27.0 million of which were issued under the Revolving Facility.  

         The
Company incurred a pretax loss of $0.3 million for the write off of debt issuance costs associated with the refinancing of its credit facilities, which is reflected in Other
(income) expense in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended January 29, 2016.  


         On
October 20, 2015, the Company issued $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.150% senior notes due 2025 (the "2025 Senior Notes"), net of discount of
$0.8 million, which are scheduled to mature on November 1, 2025. Interest on the 2025 Senior Notes is payable in cash on May 1 and November 1 of each year, commencing on
May 1, 2016. The Company incurred $4.4 million of debt issuance costs associated with the issuance of the 2025 Senior Notes. The net proceeds from the sale of the 2025 Senior Notes were
used, together with borrowings under the Facilities, to repay all of the outstanding borrowings under the then-existing credit agreement and for general corporate purposes. Collectively, the 2025
Senior Notes and the Company's other Senior Notes due 2017, 2018 and 2023 as reflected in the table above comprise the "Senior Notes", each of which were issued pursuant to an indenture as
supplemented and amended by supplemental indentures relating to each series of Senior Notes (as so supplemented and amended, the "Senior Indenture").  

         The
Company may redeem some or all of its Senior Notes at any time at redemption prices set forth in the Senior Indenture. Upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event,
which is defined in the Senior Indenture, each holder of the Senior Notes has the right to require the Company to repurchase some or all of such holder's Senior Notes at a purchase price in cash equal
to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the repurchase date.  

         The
Senior Indenture contains covenants limiting, among other things, the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to (subject to certain exceptions): consolidate, merge, sell or
otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Company's assets; and to incur or guarantee indebtedness secured by liens on any shares of voting stock of significant subsidiaries.  

         The
Senior Indenture also provides for events of default which, if any of them occurs, would permit or require the principal of and accrued interest on the Senior Notes to become or to
be declared due and payable, as applicable.  

         Scheduled
debt maturities, including capital lease obligations, for the Company's fiscal years listed below are as follows (in thousands): 2016—$1,379;
2017—$501,290; 2018—$400,892; 2019—$1,020; 2020—$676,980; thereafter—$1,409,835.  

 61 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

 


 


6. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value   

 
        The following table presents the Company's assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of January 29, 2016, aggregated by the level in the fair value
hierarchy within which those measurements are classified.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 Quoted Prices 
in Active 
Markets 
for Identical 
Assets and 
Liabilities 
(Level 1)  
   
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 Balance at 
January 29, 
2016  
   
 
 
   Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Long-term obligations(a) 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,305,470 
   
 
 
$ 
 675,459 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,980,929 
   
 
 
   Deferred compensation(b) 
   
   
 21,064 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 21,064 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Reflected
at book value in the consolidated balance sheet as Current portion of long-term obligations of $1,379 and Long-term obligations of $2,969,175.
 (b) Reflected
at fair value in the consolidated balance sheet as a component of Accrued expenses and other current liabilities of $8,307 and a component of
noncurrent Other liabilities of $12,757.   
  
          The
carrying amounts reflected in the consolidated balance sheets for cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, receivables and payables approximate their respective fair values.
The Company does not have any recurring fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) as of January 29, 2016.  

 


 


7. Derivatives and hedging activities   

 
        From time to time, the Company enters into certain financial instrument positions, all of which are intended to reduce risk by hedging an underlying economic exposure.  

 


 


Risk management objective of using derivatives   

         The Company is exposed to certain risks arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company principally
manages its exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company
manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk, primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of its debt funding and, from time to time, through the use of
derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the Company may enter into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the receipt or
payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined primarily by interest rates.  

         In
addition, the Company is exposed to certain risks arising from uncertainties of future market values caused by the fluctuation in the prices of commodities. From time to time the
Company may enter into derivative financial instruments to protect against future price changes related to these commodity prices.  

 62 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


7. Derivatives and hedging activities (Continued)  

 


 


Cash flow hedges of interest rate risk   

         The Company's objectives when using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to
interest rate changes. To accomplish these objectives, the Company has from time to time used interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated
as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the
underlying notional amount. The Company also previously entered into treasury locks that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk prior to the issuance of long-term debt in April
2013.  

         The
effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (also
referred to as "OCI") and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the
interest rate swaps, if any, is recognized directly in earnings.  

         The
Company had interest rate swaps with a combined notional value of $875.0 million designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk that expired on May 31, 2015. Such
interest rate swaps were used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with existing variable-rate debt prior to their maturity. Amounts reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
related to derivatives were reclassified to interest expense as interest payments were made on the Company's variable-rate debt.  

         In
April 2013, the Company recorded a loss on the settlement of treasury locks associated with the issuance of long-term debt which was deferred to OCI and is being amortized as an
increase to interest expense over the period of the debt's maturity in 2023. During the 52-week period following January 29, 2016, the Company estimates that approximately $1.3 million
will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense related to the amortization of the loss associated with the treasury locks. All of the amounts reflected in Accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss) in the consolidated balance sheets for the periods presented are related to cash flow hedges.  

 


 


Non-designated hedges of commodity risk   

         Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and are used to manage the Company's exposure to commodity price risk but do
not meet strict hedge accounting requirements. Changes in the fair value of derivatives not designated in hedging relationships are recorded directly in earnings. As of January 29, 2016, the
Company had no such non-designated hedges.  

         The
table below presents the fair value of the Company's derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the consolidated balance sheets as of January 29, 2016
and January 30, 2015:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in thousands)

 

  
   
 January 29, 
2016  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 
 
   Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest rate swaps classified as Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,173 
   
 
 
 
  
  63 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


7. Derivatives and hedging activities (Continued)  


         The
table below presents the pre-tax effect of the Company's derivative financial instruments as reflected in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income and shareholders'
equity, as applicable:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in thousands)


 

  
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Loss related to effective portion of derivative recognized in OCI 
   
 
 
$ 
 3 
   
 
 
$ 
 876 
   
 
 
$ 
 16,036 
   
 
 
   Loss related to effective portion of derivative reclassified from Accumulated OCI to Interest expense 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,494 
   
 
 
$ 
 5,130 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,604 
   
 
 
 
  
  


 


8. Commitments and contingencies   

 


 


Leases   

         As of January 29, 2016, the Company was committed under operating lease agreements for most of its retail stores. Many of the
Company's stores are subject to build-to-suit arrangements with landlords which typically carry a primary lease term of up to 15 years with multiple renewal options. The Company also has stores
subject to shorter-term leases and many of these leases have renewal options. Certain of the Company's leased stores have provisions for contingent rentals based upon a specified percentage of defined
sales volume.  

         The
land and buildings of the Company's DCs in Fulton, Missouri and Indianola, Mississippi are subject to operating lease agreements and the leased Ardmore, Oklahoma DC is subject to a
financing arrangement. The entities involved in the ownership structure underlying these leases meet the accounting definition of a Variable Interest Entity ("VIE"). The Company is not the primary
beneficiary of these VIEs and, accordingly, has not included these entities in its consolidated financial statements. Certain leases contain restrictive covenants, and as of January 29, 2016,
the Company is not aware of any material violations of such covenants.  

         In
January 2014, the Company sold 233 store locations for cash and concurrent with the sale transaction, the Company leased the properties back for a period of 15 years. The
transaction resulted in cash proceeds of approximately $281.6 million and a deferred gain of $67.2 million which is being recognized as a reduction of rent expense over the 15-year
initial lease term of the properties.  

         In
January 1999, the Company sold its DC located in Ardmore, Oklahoma for cash and concurrent with the sale transaction, the Company leased the property back for a period of
23 years. The transaction is being accounted for as a financing obligation rather than a sale as a result of, among other things, the lessor's ability to put the property back to the Company
under certain circumstances. The property and equipment, along with the related lease obligation associated with this transaction are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets. In August 2007, the
Company purchased a secured promissory note (the "Ardmore Note") from an unrelated third party with a face value of $34.3 million at the date of purchase which approximated the remaining
financing obligation. The Ardmore Note represents debt issued by the third party entity from which the Company leases the Ardmore DC and therefore the Company holds the debt instrument pertaining to
its lease financing obligation. Because a  

 64 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


8. Commitments and contingencies (Continued)  

 legal
right of offset exists, the Company is accounting for the Ardmore Note as a reduction of its outstanding financing obligation in its consolidated balance sheets.  


         Future
minimum payments as of January 29, 2016 for operating leases are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
   
   
 
 
   2016 
   
 
 
$ 
 866,444 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 831,367 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 783,564 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 720,569 
   
 
 
   2020 
   
   
 632,998 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 3,394,301  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total minimum payments 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,229,243  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Total
minimum payments for capital leases were $5.9 million, with a present value of $4.8 million, as of January 29, 2016. The gross amount of property and equipment
recorded under capital leases and financing obligations at both January 29, 2016 and January 31, 2015, was $29.8 million. Accumulated depreciation on property and equipment under
capital leases and financing obligations at January 29, 2016 and January 30, 2015, was $12.4 million and $10.6 million, respectively.  

         Rent
expense under all operating leases is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)


 

  
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Minimum rentals(a) 
   
 
 
$ 
 849,115 
   
 
 
$ 
 776,103 
   
 
 
$ 
 674,849 
   
 
 
   Contingent rentals 
   
   
 7,793 
   
   
 9,099 
   
   
 12,058  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 856,908 
   
 
 
$ 
 785,202 
   
 
 
$ 
 686,907  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Excludes
amortization of leasehold interests of $0.9 million, $5.8 million and $11.9 million included in rent expense for the years
ended January 29, 2016, January 30, 2015, and January 31, 2014, respectively.   
  
  


 


Legal proceedings   

         In September 2011, the Chicago Regional Office of the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ("EEOC" or "Commission")
notified the Company of a cause finding related to the Company's criminal background check policy. The cause finding alleges that the Company's criminal background check policy, which excludes from
employment individuals with certain criminal convictions for specified periods, has a disparate impact on African-American candidates and employees in violation of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of
1964, as amended ("Title VII").  

         The
Company and the EEOC engaged in the statutorily required conciliation process, and despite the Company's good faith efforts to resolve the matter, the Commission notified the Company
on July 26, 2012 of its view that conciliation had failed.  

         On
June 11, 2013, the EEOC filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois entitled  Equal Opportunity Commission
v. Dolgencorp, LLC d/b/a Dollar General  in  

 65 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


8. Commitments and contingencies (Continued)  

 which
the Commission alleges that the Company's criminal background check policy has a disparate impact on "Black Applicants" in violation of Title VII and seeks to recover monetary damages and
injunctive relief on behalf of a class of "Black Applicants." The Company filed its answer to the complaint on August 9, 2013.  

         The
Court has bifurcated the issues of liability and damages for purposes of discovery and trial. Fact discovery related to liability is to be completed on or before November 16,
2016. In response to various discovery motions, the court has entered orders requiring the Company's production of documents, information and electronic data for the period 2004 to present.  


         Currently
pending is the EEOC's Motion for Partial Summary Judgment relating to two of the Company's defenses challenging the sufficiency of the Commission's conciliation efforts and the
scope of its investigation. The Company has opposed this motion as prematurely-filed in light of the status of various discovery issues.  

         The
Company believes that its criminal background check process is both lawful and necessary to a safe environment for its employees and customers and the protection of its assets and
shareholders' investments. The Company also does not believe that this matter is amenable to class or similar treatment. However, at this time, it is not possible to predict whether the action will
ultimately be permitted to proceed as a class or in a similar fashion or the size of any putative class. Likewise, at this time, it is not possible to estimate the value of the claims asserted, and no
assurances can be given that the Company will be successful in its defense of this action on the merits or otherwise. For these reasons, the Company cannot estimate the potential exposure or range of
potential loss. If the matter were to proceed successfully as a class or similar action or the Company is unsuccessful in its defense efforts as to the merits of the action, the resolution of this
matter could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements as a whole.  

         On
May 23, 2013, a lawsuit entitled  Juan Varela v. Dolgen California and Does 1 through 50  ("Varela") was filed in the Superior
Court of the State of California for the County of Riverside. In the original complaint, the  Varela  plaintiff alleges that he and other "key carriers"
were not provided with meal and rest periods in violation of California law and seeks to recover alleged unpaid wages, injunctive relief, consequential damages, pre-judgment interest, statutory
penalties and attorneys' fees and costs and seeks to represent a putative class of California "key carriers" as to these claims. The  Varela  plaintiff
also asserts a claim for unfair business practices and seeks to proceed under California's Private Attorney General Act (the "PAGA"). The Company filed its answer to the complaint on July 1,
2013.  

         On
November 4, 2014, the  Varela  plaintiff filed an amended complaint to add Victoria Lee Dinger Main as a named plaintiff and to
add putative class claims on behalf of "key carriers" for alleged inaccurate wage statements and failure to provide appropriate pay upon termination in violation of California law. The Company filed
its answer to the amended complaint on December 23, 2014. The parties have been ordered to engage in informal discovery. A mediation was held in November 2015, which was unsuccessful.  

         On
January 15, 2015, a lawsuit entitled  Kendra Pleasant v. Dollar General Corporation, Dolgen California, LLC, and Does 1 through
50  ("Pleasant") was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of San Bernardino in which the plaintiff seeks to proceed under the PAGA for various
alleged violations of California's Labor Code. Specifically, the plaintiff alleges that she and  

 66 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


8. Commitments and contingencies (Continued)  

 other
similarly situated non-exempt California store-level employees were not paid for all time worked, provided meal and rest breaks, reimbursed for necessary work related expenses, and provided with
accurate wage statements and seeks to recover unpaid wages, civil and statutory penalties, interest, attorneys' fees and costs. On March 12, 2015, the Company filed a demurrer asking the court
to stay all proceedings in the  Pleasant  matter pending an issuance of a final judgment in the  Varela 
matter. The court granted the Company's demurrer and stayed proceedings until resolution of the  Varela  matter. Subsequently, the    Pleasant  plaintiff moved
to transfer this matter to the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Riverside where the    Varela  matter is pending, which the Company opposed. The court denied the  Pleasant  plaintiff's motion to
transfer.  

         On
February 20, 2015, a lawsuit entitled  Julie Sullivan v. Dolgen California and Does 1 through 100  ("Sullivan") was filed in the
Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Alameda in which the plaintiff alleges that she and other similarly situated Dollar General Market store managers in the State of California
were improperly classified as exempt employees and were not provided with meal and rest breaks and accurate wage statements in violation of California law. The    Sullivan  plaintiff also alleges that she
and other California store employees were not provided with printed wage statements, purportedly in violation
of California law. The plaintiff seeks to recover unpaid wages, including overtime pay, civil and statutory penalties, interest, injunctive relief, restitution, and attorneys' fees and costs.  

         On
April 8, 2015, the Company removed this matter to the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and filed its answer on the same date. On
April 29, 2015, the  Sullivan  plaintiff amended her complaint to add a claim under the PAGA. The Company's response to the amended complaint was
filed on May 14, 2015. The plaintiff's motion for class certification was filed on March 12, 2016. The matter has been set for trial on October 31, 2016. A mediation conducted in
early March 2016 was unsuccessful.  

         The
Company believes that its policies and practices comply with California law and that the  Varela, Pleasant , and    Sullivan  actions are not appropriate for
class or similar treatment. The Company intends to vigorously defend these actions; however, at this time, it
is not possible to predict whether the  Varela, Pleasant , or  Sullivan  action ultimately will be permitted
to proceed as a class, and no assurances can be given that the Company will be successful in its defense of these actions on the merits or otherwise. Similarly, at this time the Company cannot
estimate either the size of any potential class or the value of the claims asserted in the  Varela ,    Pleasant , or  Sullivan  action. For these reasons, the Company is unable to estimate any potential loss or
range of loss in these matters; however, if the Company is not successful in its defense efforts, the resolution of any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on the Company's
consolidated financial statements as a whole.  

         In
December 2015, the Company was notified of seven lawsuits in which the plaintiffs allege violation of state consumer protection laws relating to the labeling, marketing and sale of
Dollar General private-label motor oil. Six of these lawsuits were filed in various federal district courts of the United States:  Bradford Barfoot and Leonard Karpeichik v.
Dolgencorp, LLC  (filed in the Southern District of Florida on December 18, 2015) ("Barfoot");  Milton M. Cooke, Jr. v. Dollar General
Corporation  (filed in the Southern District of Texas on December 21, 2015) ("Cooke");  William Flinn v.
Dolgencorp, LLC  (filed in the District Court for New Jersey on December 17, 2015) ("Flinn");  John J. McCormick, III v.
Dolgencorp, LLC  (filed in the District Court of Maryland on December 23, 2015) ("McCormick");  David Sanchez v.
Dolgencorp, LLC  (filed in the Central District of California on  

 67 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


8. Commitments and contingencies (Continued)  

 December 17,
2015) ("Sanchez"); and  Will Sisemore v. Dolgencorp, LLC  (filed in the Northern District of Oklahoma on December 21,
2015) ("Sisemore").  

         The
seventh matter,  Chuck Hill v. Dolgencorp, LLC  ("Hill"), was filed in Orleans County Superior Court in Vermont on
December 22, 2015, and subsequently removed to the United States District Court for the District of Vermont on February 8, 2016.  

         In
February and March 2016, the Company was notified of thirteen additional lawsuits alleging similar claims concerning Dollar General private-label motor oil. All of these lawsuits were
filed in various federal district courts of the United States:  Allen Brown v. Dollar General Corporation and DG Retail, LLC  (filed in the
District of Colorado on February 10, 2016) ("Brown");  Miriam Fruhling v. Dollar General Corporation and Dolgencorp, LLC  (filed in the
Southern District of Ohio on February 10, 2016) ("Fruhling");  John Foppe v. Dollar General Corporation and Dolgencorp, LLC  (filed in the
Eastern District of Kentucky on February 10, 2016) ("Foppe");  Kevin Gadson v. Dolgencorp, LLC  (filed in the Southern District of New York
on February 8, 2016) ("Gadson");  Bruce Gooel v. Dolgencorp, LLC  (filed in the Eastern District of Michigan on February 8, 2016)
("Gooel");  Janine Harvey v. Dollar General Corporation and Dolgencorp, LLC  (filed in the District Court for Nebraska on February 10, 2016)
("Harvey");  Nicholas Meyer v. Dollar General Corporation and DG Retail, LLC  (filed in the District of Kansas on February 9, 2016)
("Meyer");  Robert Oren v. Dollar General Corporation and Dolgencorp, LLC  (filed in the Western District of Missouri on February 8, 2016)
("Oren");  Scott Sheehy v. Dollar General Corporation and DG Retail, LLC  (filed in the District Court for Minnesota on February 9, 2016)
("Sheehy");  Gerardo Solis v. Dollar General Corporation and DG Retail, LLC  (filed in the Northern District of Illinois on February 12,
2016) ("Solis");  Roberto Vega v. Dolgencorp, LLC  (filed in the Central District of California on February 8, 2016) ("Vega");    Matthew Wait v. Dollar General Corporation
and Dolgencorp, LLC  (filed in the Western District of Arkansas on February 16, 2016) ("Wait");
and  James Taschner v. Dollar General Corporation and Dolgencorp, LLC  (filed in the Eastern District of Missouri on March 15, 2016) ("Taschner").  

         The
plaintiffs in the  Taschner, Vega  and  Sanchez  matters seek to proceed on a nationwide
and statewide class basis, while the plaintiffs in the other matters seek to proceed only on a statewide class basis. Each plaintiff seeks, for himself or herself and the putative class he or she
seeks to represent, some or all of the following relief: compensatory damages, injunctive relief prohibiting the sale of the products at issue and requiring the dissemination of corrective
advertising, certain statutory damages (including treble damages), punitive damages and attorneys' fees.  

         On
February 1, 2016, the  Sanchez  plaintiff voluntarily dismissed his complaint without prejudice.  

         The
Company filed a motion to dismiss the plaintiffs' claims and a motion to strike the class allegations in the  Barfoot  matter on
February 4, 2016; in the  Hill  matter on February 8, 2016; in the  Cooke  matter on
February 24, 2016; in the  Sisemore  matter on March 4, 2016; and in the  Flinn  matter on
March 10, 2016.  

         On
March 7, 2016, the Company filed a motion with the United States Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation requesting that all cases be transferred to the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan, or, in the alternative to the Western District of Missouri or the Southern District of Florida, for consolidated pretrial proceedings ("Motion to
Transfer"). After receiving notice of the Company's Motion to Transfer, the court stayed and administratively closed the  Barfoot  matter pending a
transfer decision by the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation.  

 68 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


8. Commitments and contingencies (Continued)  

         The
Company's responsive pleadings are due in the  McCormick  matter on March 21, 2016; in the    Fruhling  matter on April 4, 2016; in the  Meyer  matter on April 6, 2016; in the    Sheehy  matter on April 7, 2016; in the  Solis  matter on April 8,
2016; in the    Foppe  matter and  Gooel  matter on April 15, 2016; and in the
 Harvey ,  Oren  and  Vega  matters on April 22, 2016.  

         The
Company believes that the labeling, marketing and sale of its private-label motor oil complies with applicable federal and state requirements and is not misleading. The Company
further believes that these matters are not appropriate for class or similar treatment. The Company intends to vigorously defend these actions; however, at this time, it is not possible to predict
whether any of these cases will be permitted to proceed as a class or the size of any putative class. Likewise, at this time, it is not possible to estimate the value of the claims asserted, and no
assurances can be given that the Company will be successful in its defense of these actions on the merits or otherwise. For these reasons, the Company is unable to estimate the potential loss or range
of loss in these matters; however if the Company is not successful in its defense efforts, the resolution of any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated
financial statements as a whole.  

         From
time to time, the Company is a party to various other legal actions involving claims incidental to the conduct of its business, including actions by employees, consumers, suppliers,
government agencies, or others through private actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation, including without limitation under federal and state
employment laws and wage and hour laws. The Company believes, based upon information currently available, that such other litigation and claims, both individually and in the aggregate, will be
resolved without a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements as a whole. However, litigation involves an element of uncertainty. Future developments could cause these
actions or claims to have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. In addition, certain of these lawsuits, if decided adversely to the
Company or settled by the Company, may result in liability material to the Company's financial position or may negatively affect operating results if changes to the Company's business operation are
required.  

 


 


9. Benefit plans   

 
        The Dollar General Corporation 401(k) Savings and Retirement Plan, which became effective on January 1, 1998, is a safe harbor defined contribution plan and is subject to the
Employee Retirement and Income Security Act ("ERISA").  

         A
participant's right to claim a distribution of his or her account balance is dependent on the plan, ERISA guidelines and Internal Revenue Service regulations. All active participants
are fully vested in all contributions to the 401(k) plan. During 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company expensed approximately $15.0 million, $13.7 million and $13.0 million,
respectively, for matching contributions.  

         The
Company also has a nonqualified supplemental retirement plan ("SERP") and compensation deferral plan ("CDP"), known as the Dollar General Corporation CDP/SERP Plan, for a select
group of management and other key employees. The Company incurred compensation expense for these plans of approximately $1.1 million, $0.8 million and $1.2 million in 2015, 2014
and 2013, respectively.  

         The
CDP/SERP Plan assets are invested in accounts selected by the Company's Compensation Committee or its delegate, and the associated deferred compensation liability is reflected in the
consolidated balance sheets as further discussed in Note 6.  

 69 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

 


 


10. Share-based payments   

 
        The Company accounts for share-based payments in accordance with applicable accounting standards, under which the fair value of each award is separately estimated and amortized into
compensation expense over the service period. The fair value of the Company's stock option grants are estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model. Forfeitures are
estimated at the time of valuation and reduce expense ratably over the vesting period. The application of this valuation model involves assumptions that are judgmental and highly sensitive in the
determination of compensation expense.  

         On
July 6, 2007, the Company's Board of Directors adopted the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees, which plan was subsequently amended (as so amended, the "Plan"). The
Plan allows the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights, and other stock-based awards or dividend equivalent rights to key employees, directors, consultants or other persons having a
service relationship with the Company, its subsidiaries and certain of its affiliates. The number of shares of Company common stock authorized for grant under the Plan is 31,142,858. As of
January 29, 2016, 18,556,241 of such shares are available for future grants.  

         Since
May 2011, most of the share-based awards issued by the Company have been in the form of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance share units. With
limited exceptions, stock options and restricted stock units granted to employees generally vest ratably on an annual basis over four-year and three-year periods, respectively. Awards granted to board
members generally vest ratably over a one or three-year period. Performance share units generally vest ratably over a three-year period, provided that certain minimum performance criteria are met in
the year of grant. With limited exceptions, the performance share unit and restricted stock unit awards are payable in shares of common stock on the vesting date.  

         From
July 2007 through May 2011, a significant majority of the Company's share-based awards were a combination of stock options that vest solely upon the continued employment of the
recipient ("MSA Time Options") and options that vest upon the achievement of predetermined annual or cumulative financial-based targets ("MSA Performance Options") (collectively, the "MSA Options").
MSA Options
generally vest ratably on an annual basis over a period of approximately five years, with limited exceptions. The MSA Options are subject to various provisions set forth in a management stockholder's
agreement ("MSA") entered into with each option holder. The MSA Options have a contractual term of 10 years and an exercise price equal to the fair value of the underlying common stock on the
date of grant.  

         The
weighted average for key assumptions used in determining the fair value of all stock options granted in the years ended January 29, 2016, January 30, 2015, and
January 31, 2014, and a summary of the methodology applied to develop each assumption, are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 January 29, 
2016  
   
 January 30, 
2015  
   
 January 31, 
2014  
   
 
 
   Expected dividend yield 
   
   
 1.2 
 % 
   
 0 
 % 
   
 0 
 % 
 
 
   Expected stock price volatility 
   
   
 25.3 
 % 
   
 25.6 
 % 
   
 26.2 
 % 
 
 
   Weighted average risk-free interest rate 
   
   
 1.8 
 % 
   
 1.9 
 % 
   
 1.2 
 % 
 
 
   Expected term of options (years) 
   
   
 6.4 
   
   
 6.3 
   
   
 6.3  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 
  
  70 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


10. Share-based payments (Continued)  

         Expected
dividend yield—This is an estimate of the expected dividend yield on the Company's stock. An increase in the dividend yield will decrease compensation expense.  

         Expected
stock price volatility—This is a measure of the amount by which the price of the Company's common stock has fluctuated or is expected to fluctuate. Since November
2011, the expected volatilities for awards have been based on the historical volatility of the Company's publicly traded common stock. An increase in the expected volatility will increase compensation
expense.  

         Weighted
average risk-free interest rate—This is the U.S. Treasury rate for the week of the grant having a term approximating the expected life of the option. An increase in
the risk-free interest rate will increase compensation expense.  

         Expected
term of options—This is the period of time over which the options granted are expected to remain outstanding. The Company has estimated the expected term as the
mid-point between the vesting date and the contractual term of the option. An increase in the expected term will increase compensation expense.  


         A
summary of the Company's stock option activity, exclusive of options subject to an MSA, during the year ended January 29, 2016 is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Intrinsic value amounts reflected in thousands)

 

  
   
 Options 
Issued  
   
 Average 
Exercise 
Price  
   
 Remaining 
Contractual 
Term in Years  
   
 Intrinsic 
Value  
   
 
 
   Balance, January 30, 2015 
   
   
 2,399,124 
   
 

 
$ 
 49.69 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 1,247,557 
   
   
 74.73 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (703,956 
 ) 
   
 45.66 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Canceled 
   
   
 (512,760 
 ) 
   
 61.67 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance, January 29, 2016 
   
   
 2,429,965 
   
 
 
$ 
 61.19 
   
   
 8.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 33,701  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Exercisable at January 29, 2016 
   
   
 517,375 
   
 
 
$ 
 47.31 
   
   
 6.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,355  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
weighted average grant date fair value per share of non-MSA options granted was $18.48, $17.26 and $13.86 during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The intrinsic value of non-MSA
options exercised during 2015, 2014, and 2013 was $20.8 million, $2.5 million and $0.8 million, respectively.  

         The
number of performance share unit awards earned is based upon the Company's annual financial performance in the year of grant as specified in the award agreement. A summary of
performance share unit award activity during the year ended January 29, 2016 is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Intrinsic value amounts reflected in thousands)

 

  
   
 Units 
Issued  
   
 Intrinsic 
Value  
   
 
 
   Balance, January 30, 2015 
   
   
 212,583 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 103,666 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Converted to common stock 
   
   
 (120,417 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Canceled 
   
   
 (51,735 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance, January 29, 2016 
   
   
 144,097 
   
 
 
$ 
 10,816  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  71 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


10. Share-based payments (Continued)  

         The
weighted average grant date fair value per share of performance share units granted was $74.72, $57.91 and $48.11 during 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.  


         A
summary of restricted stock unit award activity during the year ended January 29, 2016 is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Intrinsic value amounts reflected in thousands)

 

  
   
 Units 
Issued  
   
 Intrinsic 
Value  
   
 
 
   Balance, January 30, 2015 
   
   
 714,858 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 383,134 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Converted to common stock 
   
   
 (326,383 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Canceled 
   
   
 (130,699 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance, January 29, 2016 
   
   
 640,910 
   
 
 
$ 
 48,107  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
weighted average grant date fair value per share of restricted stock units granted was $74.67, $57.87 and $48.20 during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

         At
January 29, 2016, 173,091 MSA Time Options were outstanding, all of which were exercisable, with an average exercise price of $20.36, an average remaining contractual term of
3.8 years, and an aggregate intrinsic value of $9.5 million. The intrinsic value of MSA Time Options exercised during 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $6.6 million, $6.8 million and
$39.4 million, respectively.  

         At
January 29, 2016, 151,097 MSA Performance Options were outstanding, all of which were exercisable, with an average exercise price of $21.23, an average remaining contractual
term of 3.9 years, and an aggregate intrinsic value of $8.1 million. The intrinsic value of MSA Performance Options exercised during 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $4.9 million,
$4.9 million and $39.1 million, respectively.  

         In
March 2012, the Company issued a performance-based award of 326,037 shares of restricted stock to its former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The restricted stock award had a
fair value on the grant date of $45.25 per share, with the award scheduled to vest in one-half increments contingent upon, among other things, meeting certain specified earnings per share targets for
2014 and 2015. The target for 2014 was met and the applicable shares vested. Certain conditions relating to the 2015 tranche of the award were not satisfied and therefore the applicable shares did not
vest.  

         At
January 29, 2016, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock-based awards was $48.2 million with an expected weighted average expense
recognition period of 1.7 years.  

 72 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


10. Share-based payments (Continued)  

         The
fair value method of accounting for share-based awards resulted in share-based compensation expense (a component of SG&A expenses) and a corresponding reduction in net income before
income taxes as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 Stock 
Options  
   
 Performance 
Share Units  
   
 Restricted 
Stock Units  
   
 Restricted 
Stock  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   Year ended January 29, 2016 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Pre-tax 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,113 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,856 
   
 
 
$ 
 22,578 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 38,547 
   
 
 
   Net of tax 
   
 
 
$ 
 6,779 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,962 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,772 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 23,513 
   
 
 
   Year ended January 30, 2015 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Pre-tax 
   
 
 
$ 
 8,533 
   
 
 
$ 
 5,461 
   
 
 
$ 
 15,968 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,376 
   
 
 
$ 
 37,338 
   
 
 
   Net of tax 
   
 
 
$ 
 5,206 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,332 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,742 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,500 
   
 
 
$ 
 22,780 
   
 
 
   Year ended January 31, 2014 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Pre-tax 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,634 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,448 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,879 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 20,961 
   
 
 
   Net of tax 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,649 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,100 
   
 
 
$ 
 6,016 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 12,765 
   
 
 
 
  
  


 


11. Segment reporting   

 
        The Company manages its business on the basis of one reportable operating segment. See Note 1 for a brief description of the Company's business. As of January 29, 2016, all
of the Company's operations were located within the United States with the exception of certain subsidiaries in Hong Kong and China and a liaison office in India, which collectively are not material
with regard to assets, results of operations or otherwise, to the consolidated financial statements. The following net sales data is presented in accordance with accounting standards related to
disclosures about segments of an enterprise.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)


 

  
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Classes of similar products: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Consumables 
   
 
 
$ 
 15,457,611 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,321,080 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,161,825 
   
 
 
   Seasonal 
   
   
 2,522,701 
   
   
 2,344,993 
   
   
 2,259,516 
   
 
 
   Home products 
   
   
 1,289,423 
   
   
 1,205,373 
   
   
 1,115,648 
   
 
 
   Apparel 
   
   
 1,098,827 
   
   
 1,038,142 
   
   
 967,178  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net sales 
   
 

 
$ 
 20,368,562 
   
 
 
$ 
 18,909,588 
   
 
 
$ 
 17,504,167  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


12. Common stock transactions   

 
        On August 29, 2012, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a common stock repurchase program, which the Board has increased on several occasions. Most recently, on
December 2, 2015, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a $1.0 billion increase to the existing common stock repurchase program. As of January 29, 2016, a cumulative total
of $4.0 billion had been authorized
under the program since its inception and $923.8 million remained available for repurchase. The repurchase authorization has no expiration date and allows repurchases from time to time in the
open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing and number of shares purchased depends on a variety of factors, such as price, market conditions, compliance with the covenants and
restrictions  

 73 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


12. Common stock transactions (Continued)  

 under
the Company's debt agreements and other factors. Repurchases under the program may be funded from available cash or borrowings under the Facilities discussed in further detail in Note 5.  


         During
the years ended January 29, 2016, January 30, 2015, and January 31, 2014, the Company repurchased approximately 17.6 million shares of its common stock
at a total cost of $1.3 billion, approximately 14.1 million shares at a total cost of $0.8 billion and approximately 11.0 million shares of its common stock at a total cost
of $0.6 billion, respectively, pursuant to its common stock repurchase programs.  

         The
Company paid quarterly cash dividends of $0.22 per share during each of the four quarters of 2015. On March 8, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash
dividend of $0.25 per share, which is payable on April 12, 2016 to shareholders of record as of March 29, 2016. The declaration of future cash dividends is subject to the discretion of
the Company's Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, the Company's results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that
the Board may deem relevant in its sole discretion.  

 


 


13. Corporate restructuring   

 
        On October 13, 2015, the Company implemented a restructuring of its corporate support functions, including the elimination of approximately 255 positions, substantially all of
which were at the Company's corporate headquarters and effective immediately. The restructuring is part of a broader initiative aimed at improving efficiencies and reducing expenses.  


         The
Company incurred pretax expense of $6.1 million associated with this restructuring for severance-related benefits. This expense is reflected in Selling, general, and
administrative expenses on the Company's consolidated statements of income for the year ended January 29, 2016. As of January 29, 2016, the remaining liability related to these charges
is $3.5 million.  

 


 


14. Quarterly financial data (unaudited)   

 
        The following is selected unaudited quarterly financial data for the fiscal years ended January 29, 2016
and January 30, 2015. Each quarterly period listed below was a 13-week accounting period. The sum of the four quarters for any given year may not equal annual totals due to rounding.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 First 
Quarter  
   
 Second 
Quarter  
   
 Third 
Quarter  
   
 Fourth 
Quarter  
   
 
 
   2015: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,918,672 
   
 
 
$ 
 5,095,904 
   
 
 
$ 
 5,067,048 
   
 
 
$ 
 5,286,938 
   
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 1,498,705 
   
   
 1,588,155 
   
   
 1,536,962 
   
   
 1,682,269 
   
 
 
   Operating profit 
   
   
 428,194 
   
   
 475,812 
   
   
 423,859 
   
   
 612,429 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 253,235 
   
   
 282,349 
   
   
 253,321 
   
   
 376,175 
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
   
 0.84 
   
   
 0.95 
   
   
 0.87 
   
   
 1.30 
   
 
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
   
 0.84 
   
   
 0.95 
   
   
 0.86 
   
   
 1.30 
   
 
 
 
  
  74 

 
 
 
   
 
DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


14. Quarterly financial data (unaudited) (Continued)  

   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (In thousands)

 

  
   
 First 
Quarter  
   
 Second 
Quarter  
   
 Third 
Quarter  
   
 Fourth 
Quarter  
   
 
 
   2014: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,522,081 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,724,039 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,724,409 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,939,059 
   
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 1,357,746 
   
   
 1,455,574 
   
   
 1,423,748 
   
   
 1,565,439 
   
 
 
   Operating profit 
   
   
 379,708 
   
   
 428,526 
   
   
 394,143 
   
   
 566,716 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 222,398 
   
   
 251,260 
   
   
 236,316 
   
   
 355,371 
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
   
 0.72 
   
   
 0.83 
   
   
 0.78 
   
   
 1.17 
   
 
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
   
 0.72 
   
   
 0.83 
   
   
 0.78 
   
   
 1.17 
   
 
 
 
  
          As
discussed in Note 13, in the third quarter of 2015, the Company implemented a restructuring of its corporate support functions. As a result, the Company incurred expenses,
primarily related to severance-related benefits, of $6.1 million ($3.7 million net of tax, or $0.01 per diluted share), which was recognized as Selling, general, and administrative
expense.  

         In
the third and fourth quarters of 2014, the Company incurred expenses related to an attempted acquisition of $8.2 million ($7.4 million net of tax, or $0.02 per diluted
share) and $6.1 million ($1.3 million net of tax, or $0.00 per diluted share), respectively, which were recognized as Selling, general and administrative expenses.  

 75 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 

   
       ITEM 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE          

         Not applicable.   

   
       ITEM 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES          


          (a)    Disclosure Controls and Procedures.     Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) or
15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.  


          (b)    Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.     Our management prepared and is
responsible for the consolidated financial statements and all related financial information contained in this report. This responsibility includes establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles.  


         To
comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, management designed and implemented a structured and comprehensive assessment process to evaluate
the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Such assessment was based on criteria established in  Internal Control—Integrated
Framework  (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control
over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Management regularly monitors our internal control over financial reporting, and actions are
taken to correct any deficiencies as they are identified. Based on its assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as of January 29,
2016.  

         Ernst &
Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our consolidated financial statements, has issued an attestation report on management's
assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. Such attestation report is contained below.  

 76 

 
 
 
   

          (c)    Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.      

   
   
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm          

 The
Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
Dollar General Corporation  

         We
have audited Dollar General Corporation and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of January 29, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal
Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Dollar General Corporation and
subsidiaries' management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit.  

         We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  


         A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  

         Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  


         In
our opinion, Dollar General Corporation and subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 29, 2016, based
on the COSO criteria.  

         We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Dollar General Corporation and
subsidiaries as of January 29, 2016 and January 30, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended January 29, 2016 of Dollar General Corporation and subsidiaries and our report dated March 22, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 
 
  
  Nashville,
Tennessee 
March 22, 2016  

 77 

 
 
 
   

          (d)    Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.     There have been no changes during the quarter ended
January 29, 2016 in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   

   
       ITEM 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION          

         On March 7, 2016, Mr. John W. Flanigan, Executive Vice President, Global Supply Chain, advised the Company of his intent to
retire effective April 29, 2016.  

         On
March 16, 2016, the Company's Compensation Committee (the "Committee") awarded 119,599 non-qualified stock options ("Options") and 27,367 performance share units ("PSUs") to
Mr. Vasos and 32,890 Options and 7,526 PSUs to each of Messrs. Garratt, Flanigan and Ravener and Ms. Taylor on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the form of
Option award agreement and form of PSU award agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 10.5 and Exhibit 10.10, respectively (collectively, the "Form Award Agreements"), and subject to the
terms and conditions of the previously filed Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of Dollar General Corporation (the "Plan").  


         The
Options have a term of ten years and, subject to earlier forfeiture or accelerated vesting under certain circumstances described in the form of Option award agreement, generally will
vest in four equal annual installments beginning on April 1, 2017.  

         The
PSUs represent a target number of units that can be earned if certain performance measures are achieved during the performance period (which is the Company's fiscal year 2016) (the
"Performance Period") and if certain additional vesting requirements are met. The performance measures are goals related to adjusted EBITDA (weighted 50%) and ROIC (weighted 50%) as established by the
Committee on the grant date. The number of PSUs earned will vary between 0% and 300% of the target amount based on actual performance compared to target performance on a graduated scale, with
performance at the target level resulting in 100% of the target number of PSUs being earned. At the conclusion of the Performance Period, the Committee will determine the level of achievement of each
performance goal measure and the corresponding number of PSUs earned by each grantee. Subject to certain pro-rata vesting conditions, one-third of the PSUs earned by each grantee will vest on the last
day of the Performance Period and be paid on April 1, 2017. The remaining two-thirds of the PSUs earned by each grantee will vest in equal installments on April 1, 2018 and
April 1, 2019, in each case subject to the grantee's continued employment with the Company and certain accelerated vesting provisions described in the form of PSU award agreement.  


         The
Form Award Agreements also provide that in the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the Form Award Agreements) of the Company, a grantee will only receive an accelerated
payout of his or her equity award if a Qualifying Termination (as defined in the Form Award Agreements) occurs within two years following the Change in Control.  

         Also,
on March 16, 2016, in addition to the award of Options and PSUs as outlined above, the Committee awarded Mr. Vasos 85,759 Options according to the terms of the form
of Option award agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 10.38 and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. Subject to certain forfeiture and limited vesting acceleration events (including
the same Change in Control provisions as described above), such Option award is scheduled to vest ratably in installments of 33 1/3% on each of the third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the grant
date, subject to holding requirements through the fifth anniversary of the grant date, and will terminate no later than ten years from the grant date.  

         The
foregoing descriptions of all Options and PSU awards and the forms of award agreements are summaries only, do not purport to be complete, and are qualified in their entirety by
reference to the filed forms of award agreement attached hereto as Exhibits 10.5, 10.10 and 10.38.  

 78 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 
   
   
   PART III          


   
       ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE          

          (a)    Information Regarding Directors and Executive Officers.     The information required by this Item 10
regarding our directors and director nominees is contained under the captions "Who are the nominees this year," "What are the backgrounds of this year's nominees," "Are there any familial
relationships between any of the nominees," "How are directors identified and nominated," and "What particular experience, qualifications, attributes or skills led the Board of Directors to conclude
that each nominee should serve as a director of Dollar General," all under the heading "Proposal 1: Election of Directors" in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed for our Annual Meeting of
Shareholders to be held on May 25, 2016 (the "2016 Proxy Statement"), which information under such captions is incorporated herein by reference. Information required by this Item 10
regarding our executive officers is contained in Part I of this Form 10-K under the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant," which information under such caption is incorporated
herein by reference.  

          (b)    Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange  Act.    Information required by this Item 10
regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is contained under the caption "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the 2016 Proxy Statement, which
information under such caption is incorporated herein by reference.  

          (c)    Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.     We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to
all of our employees, officers and Board members. This Code is posted on the Investor Information section of our Internet website at www.dollargeneral.com. If we choose to no longer post such Code, we
will provide a free copy to any person upon written request to Dollar General Corporation, c/o Investor Relations Department, 100 Mission Ridge, Goodlettsville, TN 37072. We intend to provide any
required disclosure of an amendment to or waiver from such Code that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons
performing similar functions, on our Internet website located at www.dollargeneral.com promptly following the amendment or waiver. We may elect to disclose any such amendment or waiver in a report on
Form 8-K filed with the SEC either in addition to or in lieu of the website disclosure. The information contained on or connected to our Internet website is not incorporated by reference into
this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report that we file with or furnish to the SEC.  

          (d)    Procedures for Shareholders to Nominate Directors.     There have been no material changes to the procedures by
which security holders may recommend nominees to the registrant's Board of Directors.  

          (e)    Audit Committee Information.     Information required by this Item 10 regarding our audit committee and
our audit committee financial experts is contained under the captions "Corporate Governance—Does the Board of Directors have standing Audit, Compensation and Nominating Committees" and
"—Does Dollar General have an audit committee financial expert serving on its Audit Committee" in the 2016 Proxy Statement, which information under such captions is incorporated herein by
reference.   

   
       ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION          

         The information required by this Item 11 regarding director and executive officer compensation, the Compensation Committee
Report, the risks arising from our compensation policies and practices for employees, and compensation committee interlocks and insider participation is contained under the captions "Director
Compensation" and "Executive Compensation" in the 2016 Proxy Statement, which information under such captions is incorporated herein by reference.  

 79 

 
 
 
   

   
       ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS          


          (a)    Equity Compensation Plan Information.     The following table sets forth information about securities authorized
for issuance under our compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) as of January 29, 2016:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Plan category


 

  
   
 Number of securities 
to be issued upon 
exercise of 
outstanding options, 
warrants and rights 
(a)  
   
 Weighted-average 
exercise price of 
outstanding options, 
warrants and rights 
(b)  
   
 Number of 
securities remaining 
available for future 
issuance under 
equity compensation 
plans (excluding 
securities reflected 
in column (a)) 
(c)  
   
 
 
   Equity compensation plans approved by security holders(1) 
   
   
 3,539,160 
   
 
 
$ 
 56.43 
   
   
 18,556,241 
   
 
 
   Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total(1) 
   
   
 3,539,160 
   
 
 
$ 
 56.43 
   
   
 18,556,241  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Column
(a) consists of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options and upon vesting and payment of share units and deferred
shares, including dividend equivalents accrued thereon, under the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. Share units, deferred shares and dividend equivalents are settled for shares of common
stock on a one-for-one basis and have no exercise price. Accordingly, they have been excluded for purposes of computing the weighted-average exercise price in column (b). Column (c) consists of
shares reserved for issuance pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, whether in the form of stock, restricted stock, share units, or other share-based awards or upon the
exercise of an option or right.   
  
           (b)    Other Information.     The information required by this Item 12 regarding security ownership of certain
beneficial owners and our management is contained under the caption "Security Ownership" in the
2016 Proxy Statement, which information under such caption is incorporated herein by reference.   

   
       ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE          

         The information required by this Item 13 regarding certain relationships and related transactions is contained under the caption
"Transactions with Management and Others" in the 2016 Proxy Statement, which information under such caption is incorporated herein by reference.  


         The
information required by this Item 13 regarding director independence is contained under the caption "Director Independence" in the 2016 Proxy Statement, which information
under such caption is incorporated herein by reference.   

   
       ITEM 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES          

         The information required by this Item 14 regarding fees we paid to our principal accountant and the pre-approval policies and
procedures established by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors is contained under the caption "Fees Paid to Auditors" in the 2016 Proxy Statement, which information under such caption is
incorporated herein by reference.  

 80 

 
 
 
   
   
   
   PART IV          

   
       ITEM 15.    EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (a) 
   
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
   
   
   
 
 
  (b) 
   
 All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions, are inapplicable or the information is included in the Consolidated
Financial Statements and, therefore, have been omitted. 
   
 
 
  (c) 
   
 Exhibits:    See Exhibit Index immediately following the signature pages hereto, which Exhibit Index is incorporated by reference as if fully set forth herein. 
   
 
 
 
  
  81 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 
   
   
   SIGNATURES          


         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
  DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION 
 
 
   Date: March 22, 2016 
   
   By: 
   
   /s/ TODD J. VASOS 


 

    Todd J. Vasos,   Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
  
          We,
the undersigned directors and officers of the registrant, hereby severally constitute Todd J. Vasos, John W. Garratt II and Anita C. Elliott, and each of them singly, our true and
lawful attorneys with full power to them and each of them to sign for us, and in our names in the capacities indicated below, any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

         Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Name

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 /s/ TODD J. VASOS 


 

    TODD J. VASOS 
   
 Chief Executive Officer & Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
 March 22, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ JOHN W. GARRATT 


 

    JOHN W. GARRATT 
   
 Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
   
 March 22, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ ANITA C. ELLIOTT 


 

    ANITA C. ELLIOTT 
   
 Senior Vice President & Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
 March 22, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ WARREN F. BRYANT 



 

    WARREN F. BRYANT 
   
 Director 
   
 March 22, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL M. CALBERT 


 

    MICHAEL M. CALBERT 
   
 Director 
   
 March 22, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ SANDRA B. COCHRAN 


 

    SANDRA B. COCHRAN 
   
 Director 
   
 March 22, 2016 
 
 
 
  
  82 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Name

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 /s/ PATRICIA D. FILI-KRUSHEL 


 

    PATRICIA D. FILI-KRUSHEL 
   
 Director 
   
 March 22, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ PAULA A. PRICE 


 

    PAULA A. PRICE 
   
 Director 
   
 March 22, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ WILLIAM C. RHODES, III 



 

    WILLIAM C. RHODES, III 
   
 Director 
   
 March 22, 2016 
 
 
 /s/ DAVID B. RICKARD 


 

    DAVID B. RICKARD 
   
 Director 
   
 March 22, 2016 
 
 
 
  
  83 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

 
   
   
   EXHIBIT INDEX          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 3.1 
   
 Amended and Restated Charter of Dollar General Corporation (complete copy as amended for SEC filing purposes only) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 3, 2013, filed with the SEC on June 4, 2013 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 3.2 
   
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Dollar General Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 18, 2009, filed with the SEC on
November 18, 2009 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 4.1 
   
 Form of Stock Certificate for Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Dollar General Corporation's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-161464)) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 4.2 
   
 Form of 4.125% Senior Notes due 2017 (included in Exhibit 4.7) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 4.3 
   
 Form of 1.875% Senior Notes due 2018 (included in Exhibit 4.8) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 4.4 
   
 Form of 3.250% Senior Notes due 2023 (included in Exhibit 4.9) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 4.5 
   
 Form of 4.150% Senior Notes due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.10) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 4.6 
   
 Indenture, dated as of July 12, 2012, between Dollar General Corporation, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Dollar General Corporation's
Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 12, 2012, filed with the SEC on July 17, 2012 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 4.7 
   
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 12, 2012, among Dollar General Corporation, as issuer, the subsidiary guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 4.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 12, 2012, filed with the SEC on July 17, 2012 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 4.8 
   
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 11, 2013, between Dollar General Corporation, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Dollar General
Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 8, 2013 and filed with the SEC on April 11, 2013 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 4.9 
   
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 11, 2013, between Dollar General Corporation, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Dollar
General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 8, 2013 and filed with the SEC on April 11, 2013 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 4.10 
   
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 20, 2015, between Dollar General Corporation, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Dollar
General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 15, 2015, filed with the SEC on October 20, 2015 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 4.11 
   
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2015, among Dollar General Corporation, as borrower, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other credit parties and lenders party thereto
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 15, 2015 and filed with the SEC on October 20, 2015 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  84 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 10.1 
   
 Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of Dollar General Corporation and its Affiliates (effective June 1, 2012) (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Dollar General Corporation's
Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on April 5, 2012 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.2 
   
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (approved May 24, 2011) for awards made prior to December 2014 to certain newly hired and promoted employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated
2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 29, 2011, filed with the SEC on June 1, 2011 (file
no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.3 
   
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (approved March 20, 2012) for annual awards beginning March 20, 2012 and prior to March 2015 to certain employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and
Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 20, 2012, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2012 (file no. 001-11421))
* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.4 
   
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (approved August 26, 2014) for annual awards beginning March 2015 and prior to March 2016 to certain employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated
2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on December 4, 2014 (file
no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.5 
   
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (approved March 16, 2016) for awards beginning March 2016 to certain employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive
Plan* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.6 
   
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (approved August 26, 2014) for awards beginning December 2014 and prior to May 2016 to certain newly hired and promoted employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the
Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on
December 4, 2014 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.7 
   
 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (approved March 20, 2012) for annual awards prior to March 2014 to certain employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock
Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 20, 2012, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2012 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.8 
   
 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (approved March 18, 2014) for annual awards beginning March 2014 and prior to March 2015 to certain employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and
Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended May 2, 2014, filed with the SEC on June 3, 2014 (file
no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  85 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 10.9 
   
 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (approved August 26, 2014) for annual awards beginning March 2015 and prior to March 2016 to certain employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and
Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on December 4, 2014
(file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.10 
   
 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (approved March 16, 2016) for awards beginning March 2016 to certain employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive
Plan* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.11 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (approved March 20, 2012) for annual awards made prior to March 2015 to certain employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock
Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 20, 2012, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2012 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.12 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (approved March 17, 2015) for awards beginning March 2015 and prior to March 2016 to certain employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated
2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended May 1, 2015, filed with the SEC on June 2, 2015 (file
no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.13 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (approved March 16, 2016) for awards beginning March 2016 to certain employees of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive
Plan* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.14 
   
 Waiver of Certain Limitations Set Forth in Option Agreements Pertaining to Options Previously Granted under the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, effective August 26, 2010 (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 30, 2010, filed with the SEC on August 31, 2010 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.15 
   
 Waiver of Transfer Restrictions dated February 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 1, 2013, filed with the SEC on
February 5, 2013 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.16 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for awards prior to May 24, 2011 to non-employee directors of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Dollar General Corporation's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-161464)) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.17 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (approved May 24, 2011) for awards prior to May 29, 2014 to non-employee directors of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock
Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 29, 2011, filed with the SEC on June 1, 2011 (file no. 001-11421))
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.18 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (approved May 28, 2014) for awards beginning May 29, 2014 and prior to February 2015 to non-employee directors of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended
and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended May 2, 2014, filed with the SEC on June 3, 2014 (file
no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  86 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 10.19 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (approved December 3, 2014) for awards beginning February 2015 to non-employee directors of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock
Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on December 4, 2014 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.20 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (approved January 26, 2016) for awards beginning February 1, 2016 to non-executive Chairmen of the Board of Directors of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the
Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.21 
   
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement for awards to non-employee directors of Dollar General Corporation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to
Dollar General Corporation's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-161464)) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.22 
   
 Dollar General Corporation CDP/SERP Plan (as amended and restated effective December 31, 2007) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Dollar General Corporation's Registration Statement on Form S-4
(file no. 333-148320))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.23 
   
 First Amendment to the Dollar General Corporation CDP/SERP Plan (as amended and restated effective December 31, 2007) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Dollar General Corporation's Registration
Statement on Form S-4 (file no. 333-148320))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.24 
   
 Second Amendment to the Dollar General Corporation CDP/SERP Plan (as amended and restated effective December 31, 2007), dated as of June 3, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Dollar General
Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 1, 2008, filed with the SEC on September 3, 2008 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.25 
   
 Dollar General Corporation Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan (approved December 3, 2014) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on December 4, 2014 (file no. 001-11421)) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.26 
   
 Amended and Restated Dollar General Corporation Annual Incentive Plan (effective June 1, 2012) (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Dollar General Corporation's Definitive Proxy Statement filed with
the SEC on April 5, 2012 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.27 
   
 Dollar General Corporation 2015 Teamshare Bonus Program for Named Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal
quarter ended May 1, 2015, filed with the SEC on June 2, 2015 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.28 
   
 Summary of Dollar General Corporation Life Insurance Program as Applicable to Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended February 2, 2007, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2007) (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.29 
   
 Dollar General Corporation Executive Relocation Policy, as amended (effective July 16, 2014) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
fiscal quarter ended August 1, 2014, filed with the SEC on August 28, 2014 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  87 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 10.30 
   
 Dollar General Corporation Executive Relocation Policy, as amended (effective September 22, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the fiscal quarter ended October 30, 2015, filed with the SEC on December 3, 2015 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.31 
   
 Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation effective January 30, 2016 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.32 
   
 Employment Transition Agreement, effective March 10, 2015, between Dollar General Corporation and Richard W. Dreiling (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on
Form 8-K dated March 10, 2015, filed with the SEC on March 13, 2015 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.33 
   
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, dated March 17, 2015, between Dollar General Corporation and Richard W. Dreiling (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on
Form 8-K dated March 17, 2015, filed with the SEC on March 19, 2015 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.34 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective April 1, 2012, between Dollar General Corporation and David M. Tehle (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K
dated April 16, 2012, filed with the SEC on April 19, 2012 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.35 
   
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective March 18, 2014, between Dollar General Corporation and David M. Tehle (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on March 20, 2014 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.36 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective June 3, 2015, between Dollar General Corporation and Todd J. Vasos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
May 27, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 28, 2015 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.37 
   
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement between Dollar General Corporation and Todd J. Vasos for June 3, 2015 award (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on
Form 8-K dated May 27, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 28, 2015 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.38 
   
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement between Dollar General Corporation and Todd J. Vasos (approved March 16, 2016)* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.39 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective April 1, 2015, between Dollar General Corporation and John W. Garratt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the fiscal quarter ended May 1, 2015, filed with the SEC on June 2, 2015 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.40 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective December 2, 2015, between Dollar General Corporation and John W. Garratt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K
dated December 2, 2015, filed with the SEC on December 3, 2015 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.41 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective November 1, 2013, between Dollar General Corporation and David W. D'Arezzo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on March 20, 2014 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  88 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 10.42 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective August 10, 2015, between Dollar General Corporation and John W. Flanigan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on August 27, 2015 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.43 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective August 10, 2015, between Dollar General Corporation and Robert D. Ravener (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on August 27, 2015 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.44 
   
 Stock Option Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2008, between Dollar General Corporation and Robert D. Ravener (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2011 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.45 
   
 Stock Option Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2008, between Dollar General Corporation and Robert D. Ravener (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2011 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.46 
   
 Stock Option Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2010, between Dollar General Corporation and Robert D. Ravener (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to Dollar General Corporation's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2011 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.47 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective August 10, 2015, between Dollar General Corporation and Rhonda M. Taylor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on August 27, 2015 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.48 
   
 Stock Option Agreement, dated March 24, 2010, between Dollar General Corporation and Rhonda M. Taylor* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.49 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective June 15, 2015, between Dollar General Corporation and Jeffery C. Owen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the fiscal quarter ended October 30, 2015, filed with the SEC on December 3, 2015 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.50 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective August 7, 2015, between Dollar General Corporation and James W. Thorpe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 30, 2015, filed with the SEC on December 3, 2015 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.51 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective December 2, 2015, between Dollar General Corporation and Anita C. Elliott (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to Dollar General Corporation's Current Report on
Form 8-K dated December 2, 2015, filed with the SEC on December 3, 2015 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.52 
   
 Omnibus Limited Waiver by Dollar General Corporation to the Employment Agreement and Employment Transition Agreement with certain employees of Dollar General Corporation, effective January 28, 2016* 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 10.53 
   
 Employment Agreement, effective March 19, 2012, between Dollar General Corporation and Gregory A. Sparks (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Dollar General Corporation's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended May 4, 2012, filed with the SEC on June 4, 2012 (file no. 001-11421))* 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  89 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 12 
   
 Calculation of Fixed Charge Ratio 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 21 
   
 List of Subsidiaries of Dollar General Corporation 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 23 
   
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 24 
   
 Powers of Attorney (included as part of the signature pages hereto) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 31 
   
 Certifications of CEO and CFO under Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 32 
   
 Certifications of CEO and CFO under 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 101.INS 
   
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 101.SCH 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 101.CAL 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 101.LAB 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 101.PRE 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
   
 101.DEF 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 * Management
Contract or Compensatory Plan   
  
  90 

 
 
 
 
 
 QuickLinks 
 INTRODUCTION 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 
 DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In thousands) 
 
 DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (In thousands except per share amounts) 
 
 DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) 
 
 DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 
 
 
 
 
