
 10-K
 1
 t1600485_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 
      
 
 

 

   

 

   

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

   



 

   

   

 FORM 10-K 

   

 



 

   

   

 (Mark One) 

 
 x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 

   

 For the fiscal year ended December 31,
2015 

   

 OR 

   

 
 ¨ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 

   

 For the transition period from                       
to                       

   

 Commission file number: 001-35784 

   



 

   

   

 NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

   

   

 

   

 
 
     Bermuda 
     98-0691007 
 
     
         (State or other jurisdiction of 
         incorporation or organization) 
     
         (I.R.S. Employer 
         Identification No.) 
 
   

 7665 Corporate Center Drive, Miami, Florida
33126  

 (Address of principal executive offices)
(zip code)  

   

 (305) 436-4000  

 (Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code)  

   

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:  

   

 
 
     Title of each class 
     Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
     Ordinary shares, par value $.001 per share 
     The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 
 
   

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

   



 

   

 

   

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes   x     No   ¨ 

   

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes   ¨     No   x 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   x     No   ¨ 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x     No   ¨ 

   

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K.   ¨ 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company (See the definitions
of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act). 

   

 
 
     Large accelerated filer 
     x 
     Accelerated filer 
     ¨ 
 
     Non-accelerated filer 
     ¨   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller reporting company 
     ¨ 
 
   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes   ¨     No   x 

   

 As of June 30, 2015, the last business
day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by
non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the closing sales price for the registrant’s ordinary shares as reported on The
Nasdaq Stock Market was $7.5 billion. 

   

 There were 227,310,627 ordinary shares
outstanding as of February 24, 2016. 

   

 Documents Incorporated by Reference  

   

 Portions of the Proxy Statement for the registrant’s
2016 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after
December 31, 2015, are incorporated by reference in Part III herein. 

   

 

   

   

 

 
       
       
     

   

 NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. 

   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 
 
       
       
     Page 
 
       
       
       
 
     PART I 
       
       
 
     Item 1. 
     Business 
     5 
 
     Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors 
     20 
 
     Item 1B. 
     Unresolved Staff Comments 
     28 
 
     Item 2. 
     Properties 
     29 
 
     Item 3. 
     Legal Proceedings 
     29 
 
     Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures 
     29 
 
       
       
       
 
     PART II 
       
       
 
     Item 5. 
     Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     30 
 
     Item 6. 
     Selected Financial Data 
     31 
 
     Item 7. 
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     32 
 
     Item 7A. 
     Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
     43 
 
     Item 8. 
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
     43 
 
     Item 9. 
     Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
     43 
 
     Item 9A. 
     Controls and Procedures 
     43 
 
     Item 9B. 
     Other Information 
     44 
 
       
       
       
 
     PART III 
       
       
 
     Item 10. 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
     45 
 
     Item 11. 
     Executive Compensation 
     45 
 
     Item 12. 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
     45 
 
     Item 13. 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
     45 
 
     Item 14. 
     Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
     45 
 
       
       
       
 
     PART IV 
       
       
 
     Item 15. 
     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
     46 
 
     Signatures 
       
     47 
 
   


 
       
       
     

   

 Terms Used in this Annual Report 

   

 Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references
in this report to (i) the “Company,” “we,” “our” and “us” refer to NCLH (as defined
below) and its subsidiaries (including Prestige (as defined below), except for periods prior to the consummation of the Acquisition
of Prestige (as defined below)), (ii) “NCLC” refers to NCL Corporation Ltd., (iii) “NCLH” refers to Norwegian
Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., (iv) “Norwegian” refers to the Norwegian Cruise Line brand and its predecessors, (v) “Prestige”
refers to Prestige Cruises International, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries, (vi) “PCH” refers to Prestige
Cruise Holdings, Inc., Prestige’s direct wholly-owned subsidiary, which in turn is the parent of Oceania Cruises, Inc. (“Oceania
Cruises”) and Seven Seas Cruises S. DE R.L. (“Regent”) (Oceania Cruises also refers to the brand by the same
name and Regent also refers to the brand Regent Seven Seas Cruises), (vii) “Apollo” refers to Apollo Global Management,
LLC, its subsidiaries and the affiliated funds it manages and the “Apollo Holders” refers to one or more of AIF VI
NCL (AIV), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV II), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV III), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV IV), L.P., AAA Guarantor — Co-Invest
VI (B), L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware) VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware 892) VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners
VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Germany) VI, L.P., AAA Guarantor — Co-Invest VII, L.P., AIF VI Euro Holdings,
L.P., AIF VII Euro Holdings, L.P., Apollo Alternative Assets, L.P., Apollo Management VI, L.P. and Apollo Management VII, L.P.,
(viii) “TPG Global” refers to TPG Global, LLC, “TPG” refers to TPG Global and its affiliates and the “TPG
Viking Funds” refers to one or more of TPG Viking, L.P., TPG Viking AIV I, L.P., TPG Viking AIV II, L.P., and TPG Viking
AIV-III, L.P. and/or certain other affiliated investment funds, each an affiliate of TPG, (ix) “Genting HK” refers
to Genting Hong Kong Limited and/or its affiliates (formerly Star Cruises Limited and/or its affiliates) (Genting HK owns NCLH’s
ordinary shares indirectly through Star NCLC Holdings Ltd., its wholly-owned subsidiary (“Star NCLC”)), and (x) “Affiliate(s)”
or “Sponsor(s)” refers to the Apollo Holders, Genting HK and/or the TPG Viking Funds. References to the “U.S.”
are to the United States of America, “dollars” or “$” are to U.S. dollars, the “U.K.” are to
the United Kingdom and “euros” or “€” are to the official currency of the Eurozone. 

   

 This annual report includes certain non-GAAP financial measures,
such as Net Revenue, Net Yield, Net Cruise Cost, Adjusted Net Revenue, Adjusted Net Yield, Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel,
Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS. Definitions of these non-GAAP financial measures are included below. For
further information about our non-GAAP financial measures including detailed adjustments made in calculating our non-GAAP financial
measures and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, we refer you to “Item 7—Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” 

   

 Unless otherwise indicated in this annual report, the following
terms have the meanings set forth below: 

   

 
 • Acquisition of Prestige . In November 2014, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, we acquired Prestige in a cash and stock
transaction for total consideration of $3.025 billion, including the assumption of debt. 

   

 
 • Adjusted EBITDA .   EBITDA adjusted for other income (expense) and other supplemental adjustments. 

   

 
 • Adjusted EPS . Adjusted Net Income divided by the number of diluted weighted-average shares outstanding. 

   

 
 • Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel .   Net Cruise Cost less fuel expense adjusted for supplemental
adjustments. 

   

 
 • Adjusted Net Income .   Net income adjusted for supplemental adjustments. 

   

 
 • Adjusted Net Revenue .   Net Revenue adjusted for supplemental adjustments. 

   

 
 • Adjusted Net Yield .   Net Yield adjusted for supplemental adjustments. 

   

 
 • Berths .   Double occupancy capacity per cabin (single occupancy per studio cabin) even though many cabins
can accommodate three or more passengers. 

   

 
 • Breakaway Class Ships .   Norwegian Breakaway and Norwegian Getaway. 

   

 
 • Breakaway Plus Class Ships .   The next generation of ships which are similar in design and innovation
to Breakaway Class Ships. 

   

 
 • Business Enhancement Capital Expenditures.    Capital expenditures other than those related to new ship
construction and ROI Capital Expenditures. 

   

 
 • Capacity Days .   Available Berths multiplied by the number of cruise days for the period. 

   

 
 • Bareboat Charter .   The hire of a ship for a specified period of time whereby no crew or provisions are
provided by the Company. 

   

 
 • CLIA .   Cruise Lines International Association, Inc., a non-profit marketing and training organization
formed in 1975 to promote cruising. 

   


 
       1   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 • Constant Currency .   A calculation whereby foreign currency-denominated revenue and expenses in a period
are converted at the U.S. dollar exchange rate of a comparable period in order to eliminate the effects of the foreign exchange
fluctuations. 

   

 
 • Dry-dock .   A process whereby a ship is positioned in a large basin where all the fresh/sea water is
pumped out in order to carry out cleaning and repairs of those parts of a ship which are below the water line. 

   

 
 • EPS .   Earnings per share. 

   

 
 • EBITDA .   Earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization. 

   

 
 • GAAP .   Generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. 

   

 
 • Gross Cruise Cost .   The sum of total cruise operating expense and marketing, general and administrative
expense. 

   

 
 • Gross Tons .   A unit of enclosed passenger space on a cruise ship, such that one Gross Ton = 100 cubic
feet or 2.831 cubic meters. 

   

 
 • Gross Yield .   Total revenue per Capacity Day. 

   

 
 • IMO .   International Maritime Organization, a United Nations agency that sets international standards
for shipping. 

   

 
 • IPO .   The initial public offering of 27,058,824 ordinary shares, par value $.001 per share, of NCLH,
which was consummated on January 24, 2013. 

   

 
 • Management NCL Corporation Units .   NCLC’s previously outstanding profits interests issued to management
(or former management) of NCLC which were converted into units in NCLC in connection with our corporate reorganization. 

   

 
 • Merger Agreement.  Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 2, 2014, by and among Prestige, NCLH, Portland
Merger Sub, Inc. and Apollo Management, L.P., as amended, for the Acquisition of Prestige. 

   

 
 • Net Cruise Cost .   Gross Cruise Cost less commissions, transportation and other expense and onboard and
other expense. 

   

 
 • Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel .   Net Cruise Cost less fuel expense. 

   

 
 • Net Revenue .   Total revenue less commissions, transportation and other expense and onboard and other
expense. 

   

 
 • Net Yield .   Net Revenue per Capacity Day. 

   

 
 • Norwegian Sky Purchase Agreement .   Memorandum of agreement, dated June 1, 2012, between Ample Avenue
Limited, as seller, and Norwegian Sky, Ltd., as buyer, related to our purchase of Norwegian Sky. 

   

 
 • Norwegian Stand-alone .   Results of operations excluding consolidation of the results of Prestige. 

   

 O-Class ship.  Oceania Cruises’
fleet consists of the O-Class ships, Marina and Riviera, with 1,250 Berths each. 

   

 
 • Occupancy Percentage .   The ratio of Passenger Cruise Days to Capacity Days. A percentage in excess of
100% indicates that three or more passengers occupied some cabins. 

   

 
 • Passenger Cruise Days .   The number of passengers carried for the period, multiplied by the number of
days in their respective cruises. 

   

 
 • Regent Seven Seas Transaction .   The transaction that closed on January 31, 2008, pursuant to which
PCH purchased substantially all of the assets of Regent Seven Seas Cruises, Inc. and the equity of certain affiliated companies
and joint ventures from Carlson Cruises Worldwide, Inc. and Vlasov Shipping Corporation. 

   

 
 • R-Class ship . Oceania Cruises’ fleet consists of the R-Class ships, Regatta, Insignia and Nautica, with 684 Berths
each. 

   

 
 • ROI Capital Expenditures.    Comprised of project-based capital expenditures which have a quantified return
on investment. 

   

 
 • SEC .   U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

   

 
 • Secondary Equity Offering(s).   Secondary public offering(s) of NCLH’s ordinary shares. 

   

 
 • Selling Shareholders . Certain of the Apollo Holders, the TPG Viking Funds and Star NCLC. 

   

 
 • Shipboard Retirement Plan.  An unfunded defined benefit pension plan for certain crew members which computes benefits
based on years of service, subject to certain requirements. 

   


 
       2   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 Industry and Market Data  

   

 This annual report includes market share and industry data and forecasts
that we obtained from industry publications, third-party surveys and internal Company surveys. Industry publications, including
those from CLIA and surveys and forecasts generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources
believed to be reliable. All CLIA information, obtained from the CLIA website “www.cruising.org,” relates to CLIA member
lines. All other references to third-party information are to information that is publicly available at nominal or no cost. We
use the most currently available industry and market data to support statements as to our market position. 

   

 Although we believe that the industry publications and third-party
sources are reliable, we have not independently verified any of the data from industry publications or third-party sources. Similarly,
while we believe our internal estimates with respect to our industry are reliable, our estimates have not been verified by any
independent sources. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding any industry data presented herein, our estimates, in
particular as they relate to market share and our general expectations, involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change
based on various factors, including those discussed under “Item 1A—Risk Factors” and “Item 7— Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this annual report. 

   

 Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements  

   

 Certain statements in this annual report constitute forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established
by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained, or
incorporated by reference, in this annual report, including, without limitation, those regarding our business strategy, financial
position, results of operations, plans, prospects and objectives of management for future operations (including development plans
and objectives relating to our activities), are forward-looking statements. Many, but not all, of these statements can be found
by looking for words like “expect,” “anticipate,” “goal,” “project,” “plan,”
“believe,” “seek,” “will,” “may,” “forecast,” “estimate,”
“intend” and “future” and similar words. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance
and may involve risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ
materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. Examples
of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to the impact of: 

   

 
 • adverse general economic and related factors, such as fluctuating or increasing levels of unemployment, underemployment and
the volatility of fuel prices, declines in the securities and real estate markets, and perceptions of these conditions that decrease
the level of disposable income of consumers or consumer confidence; 

   

 
 • the risks and increased costs associated with operating internationally; 

   

 
 • our efforts to expand our business into new markets; 

   

 
 • adverse events impacting the security of travel, such as terrorist acts, acts of piracy, armed conflict and threats thereof
and other international events; 

   

 
 • breaches in data security or other disturbances to our information technology and other networks; 

   

 
 • the spread of epidemics and viral outbreaks; 

   

 
 • adverse incidents involving cruise ships; 

   

 
 • changes in fuel prices and/or other cruise operating costs; 

   

 
 • our hedging strategies; 

   

 
 • our inability to obtain adequate insurance coverage; 

   

 
 • our substantial indebtedness, including the ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, and to generate the
necessary amount of cash to service our existing debt; 

   

 
 • restrictions in the agreements governing our indebtedness that limit our flexibility in operating our business; 

   

 
 • the significant portion of our assets pledged as collateral under our existing debt agreements and the ability of our creditors
to accelerate the repayment of our indebtedness; 

   

 
 • our ability to incur significantly more debt despite our substantial existing indebtedness; 

   

 
 • volatility and disruptions in the global credit and financial markets, which may adversely affect our ability to borrow and
could increase our counterparty credit risks, including those under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations,
insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees; 

   


 
       3   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 • fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 

   

 
 • our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or the loss of key personnel; 

   

 
 • future changes relating to how external distribution channels sell and market our cruises; 

   

 
 • our reliance on third parties to provide hotel management services to certain ships and certain other services; 

   

 
 • delays in our shipbuilding program and ship repairs, maintenance and refurbishments; 

   

 
 • future increases in the price of, or major changes or reduction in, commercial airline services; 

   

 
 • seasonal variations in passenger fare rates and occupancy levels at different times of the year; 

   

 
 • our ability to keep pace with developments in technology; 

   

 
 • amendments to our collective bargaining agreements for crew members and other employee relation issues; 

   

 
 • the continued availability of attractive port destinations; 

   

 
 • pending or threatened litigation, investigations and enforcement actions; 

   

 
 • changes involving the tax and environmental regulatory regimes in which we operate; 

   

 
 • our reliance on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements during a one-year transition period; and 

   

 
 • other factors set forth under “Risk Factors.” 

   

 The above examples are not exhaustive and new risks emerge from
time to time. Such forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs, assumptions, expectations, estimates and projections
regarding our present and future business strategies and the environment in which we will operate in the future. These forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date made. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates
or revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change of events,
conditions or circumstances on which any such statement was based, except as required by law. 

   


 
       4   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 PART I  

   

 Item 1. Business  

   

 History and Development of the Company  

   

 NCLH is a leading global cruise company which operates the Norwegian
Cruise Line, Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises brands. We have 22 ships with approximately 45,000 Berths and will introduce
five additional ships through 2019. Our ships currently offer itineraries to more than 510 destinations worldwide. 

   

 Norwegian commenced operations from Miami in 1966. In February 2000,
Genting HK acquired control of and subsequently became the sole owner of the Norwegian operations. 

   

 In January 2008, the Apollo Holders acquired 50% of the outstanding
ordinary share capital of NCLC. As part of this investment, the Apollo Holders assumed control of NCLC’s Board of Directors.
Also, in January 2008, the TPG Viking Funds acquired, in the aggregate, 12.5% of NCLC’s outstanding share capital from the
Apollo Holders. 

   

 In January 2013, NCLH completed its IPO, pursuant to which it sold
27,058,824 ordinary shares for net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and expenses, of approximately
$473.9 million. 

   

 In November 2014, we completed the Acquisition of Prestige. We believe
that the combination of Norwegian and Prestige creates a cruise operating company with a rich product portfolio and strong market
presence. 

   

 The Sponsors have completed numerous Secondary Equity Offerings
and as of December 31, 2015 owned 29.3% of NCLH’s ordinary shares. 

   

 Corporate Reorganization  

   

 In February 2011, NCLH, a Bermuda limited company, was formed with
the issuance to the Sponsors of, in aggregate, 10,000 ordinary shares, with a par value of $.001 per share. In connection with
the consummation of the IPO, the Sponsors’ ordinary shares in NCLC were exchanged for the ordinary shares of NCLH, and NCLH
became the owner of 100% of the ordinary shares and parent company of NCLC (the “Corporate Reorganization”). At the
same time, NCLH contributed $460.0 million to NCLC and the historical financial statements of NCLC became those of NCLH. The Corporate
Reorganization was effected solely for the purpose of reorganizing our corporate structure. NCLH had not, prior to the completion
of the Corporate Reorganization, conducted any activities other than those incidental to its formation and to prepare for the Corporate
Reorganization and the IPO. 

   

 NCLC was treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
and the terms of the partnership (including the economic rights with respect thereto) were set forth in an amended and restated
tax agreement for NCLC. Economic interests in NCLC were represented by the partnership interests established under the tax agreement,
which we refer to as “NCL Corporation Units.” 

   

 In connection with the Corporate Reorganization, NCLC’s outstanding
profits interests granted under the profits sharing agreement to management (or former management) of NCLC were exchanged for an
economically equivalent number of NCL Corporation Units. We refer to the NCL Corporation Units exchanged for profits interests
granted under the profits sharing agreement as Management NCL Corporation Units. As a result of the Corporate Reorganization, the
Management NCL Corporation Units created a non-controlling interest within NCLH. The Management NCL Corporation Units received
upon the exchange of outstanding profits interests were subject to the same time-based vesting requirements and performance-based
vesting requirements applicable to the profits interests for which they were exchanged. The Management NCL Corporation Units issued
in exchange for the profits interests represented a 2.7% economic interest in NCLC as of the consummation of the IPO. 

   

 Subject to certain procedures and restrictions (including the vesting
schedules applicable to the Management NCL Corporation Units and any applicable legal and contractual restrictions), each holder
of Management NCL Corporation Units had the right to cause NCLC and NCLH to exchange the holder’s Management NCL Corporation
Units for ordinary shares of NCLH at an exchange rate equal to one ordinary share for every Management NCL Corporation Unit (or,
at NCLC’s election, a cash payment equal to the value of the exchanged Management NCL Corporation Units), subject to customary
adjustments for stock splits, subdivisions, combinations and similar extraordinary events. 

   

 When a holder of a Management NCL Corporation Unit exchanged such
unit for one of NCLH’s ordinary shares (or a cash payment equal to the value of one of such ordinary shares), the relative
economic interests of the exchanging NCL Corporation Unit holder and the holders of ordinary shares of NCLH were not altered. As
a result of the Corporate Reorganization, a non-controlling interest was created within NCLH and NCLH’s financial statements
and financial results differed from NCLC’s in certain respects. 

   

 In the fourth quarter of 2014, all Management NCL Corporation Units
were exchanged for NCLH ordinary shares and restricted shares. NCLH became the sole member and 100% owner of the economic interests
in NCLC and the non-controlling interest no longer exists. Accordingly, NCLC is now treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. No new NCLC profits interests or Management NCL Corporation Units will be issued; however, NCLH has granted,
and expects to continue to grant, equity to its employees and members of its Board of Directors under its long-term incentive plan. 

   


 
       5   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Additional Information 

   

 NCLH is a Bermuda limited company formed as a holding company in
2011, with predecessors dating from 1966. Our registered offices are located at Cumberland House, 9th Floor, 1 Victoria Street,
Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda. Our principal executive offices are located at 7665 Corporate Center Drive, Miami, Florida 33126. Our
telephone number is (305) 436-4000. Our website is located at  www.nclhltdinvestor.com . The information that appears on our
websites is not part of, and is not incorporated by reference into this annual report or any other report or document filed with
or furnished to the SEC. Daniel S. Farkas, the Company’s Senior Vice President and General Counsel, is our agent for service
of process at our principal executive offices. 

   

 Our Company 

   

 NCLH Business Overview  

   

 NCLH is a leading global cruise company which operates the Norwegian,
Oceania Cruises and Regent brands. With a combined fleet of 22 ships with approximately 45,000 Berths, these brands offer itineraries
to more than 510 destinations worldwide including Europe, Asia, Australia, New Zealand, South America, Africa, Canada, Bermuda,
Caribbean, Alaska and Hawaii. Norwegian’s U.S.-flagged ship, Pride of America, provides the industry’s only entirely
inter-island itinerary in Hawaii. 

   

 In October 2015, Norwegian took delivery
of our largest ship to date, Norwegian Escape. We will introduce five additional ships through 2019: Regent’s Seven Seas
Explorer, on order for delivery in the summer of 2016; three Breakaway Plus Class Ships on order for deliveries to the Norwegian
fleet in the spring of 2017, spring of 2018 and fall of 2019; and a ship we acquired from a third party   to
join the Oceania Cruises’ fleet, which will be named Sirena. After its current Bareboat Charter ends in March 2016, we will
extensively refurbish Sirena to our standards. Sirena is a sister ship to the R-Class ships currently in the Oceania Cruises’
fleet and will be placed in service in the spring of 2016. These additions to our fleet will increase our total Berths to approximately
59,000. 

   

 All of our brands offer an assortment of features, amenities and
activities, including a variety of accommodations, multiple dining venues, bars and lounges, spa, casino and retail shopping areas
and numerous entertainment choices. All brands also offer a selection of shore excursions at each port of call as well as hotel
packages for stays before or after a voyage. 

   

 Norwegian is an innovator in cruise travel with 14 ships that have
been purpose-built to consistently deliver the “Freestyle Cruising” product, which offers freedom, flexibility and
choice to our guests who prefer to dine when they want, with whomever they want and without having to dress formally. Certain ships
in Norwegian’s fleet offer The Haven by Norwegian (“The Haven”), a luxurious, key-card access enclave that has
spacious accommodations with suites as large as 1,345 square feet and offers a “ship within a ship” experience. The
Haven includes two decks of suites, a private pool with multiple hot tubs and sundeck, a private fitness center and steam rooms,
fine dining in a private restaurant, casual outdoor dining, 24-hour concierge service and personal butlers. In 2015, Norwegian
was named “Europe’s Leading Cruise Line” for the eighth consecutive year, as well as “Caribbean’s
Leading Cruise Line” for the third time and “World’s Leading Large Ship Cruise Line” for the fourth straight
year by the World Travel Awards. 

   

 Oceania Cruises offers the finest cuisine at sea and immersive destination
experiences with destination-rich itineraries spanning the globe. Oceania Cruises operates a fleet of five mid-size ships, including
two 1,250-Berth O-Class ships, and three 684-Berth R-Class ships. Oceania Cruises is ranked as one of the world’s best cruise
lines by Condé Nast Traveler and Travel + Leisure. Oceania Cruises’ ships received “Best Dining,” “Best
Public Rooms” and “Best Cabins” from Cruise Critic Cruisers’ Choice Awards in 2015. 

   

 Regent Seven Seas Cruises is an all-inclusive cruise line which
provides all-suite accommodations, round-trip air transportation, highly personalized service, acclaimed cuisine, fine wines and
spirits, Wi-Fi, sightseeing excursions in every port and other amenities included in the cruise fare. The brand operates three
award-winning ships, totaling 1,890 Berths. Most recently, Regent Seven Seas Cruises won the “Best Cruise Ship, Luxury”
award, for Seven Seas Mariner, and the “Best Cruise Line, Luxury” award from the TravAlliance Travvy Awards. Regent
Seven Seas Cruises also won the 2015 National Association of Career Travel Agents “Luxury Cruise Line Partner of the Year”
award. 

   

 Our Fleet 

   

 The following table presents information about our ships and their
primary areas of operation based on current itineraries, which are subject to change. 

   

 
 
     Ship (1)   
       
     Year
     
     Delivered 
       
     Primary
    Areas of Operation 
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Norwegian 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Norwegian Escape 
       
     2015 
       
     Caribbean, Bahamas 
       
 
     Norwegian Getaway 
       
     2014 
       
     Europe, Caribbean, Bahamas 
       
 
     Norwegian Breakaway 
       
     2013 
       
     Bermuda, Caribbean, Bahamas 
       
 
     Norwegian Epic 
       
     2010 
       
     Europe 
       
 
     Norwegian Gem 
       
     2007 
       
     Bahamas, Bermuda, Caribbean, Canada, New England 
       
 
   


 
       6   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 
     Norwegian Jade 
       
     2006 
       
     Europe 
       
 
     Norwegian Pearl 
       
     2006 
       
     Alaska, Bahamas, Caribbean, Pacific Coastal, Panama Canal 
       
 
     Norwegian Jewel 
       
     2005 
       
     Alaska, Bahamas, Caribbean, Pacific Coastal, Panama Canal, Mexico 
       
 
     Pride of America 
       
     2005 
       
     Hawaii 
       
 
     Norwegian Dawn 
       
     2002 
       
     Bermuda, Caribbean, Canada, New England 
       
 
     Norwegian Star 
       
     2001 
       
     Bermuda, Caribbean, Europe, Asia, Australia, New Zealand 
       
 
     Norwegian Sun 
       
     2001 
       
     Caribbean, Alaska, Mexico, South America, Pacific Coastal 
       
 
     Norwegian Sky 
       
     1999 
       
     Bahamas 
       
 
     Norwegian Spirit 
       
     1998 
       
     Caribbean, Bahamas, Europe 
       

 
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Oceania Cruises 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Oceania Riviera 
       
     2012 
       
     Caribbean, Mediterranean, Black Sea 
       
 
     Oceania Marina 
       
     2011 
       
     South America, Baltic, Mediterranean, Panama Canal, South Pacific 
       
 
     Oceania Nautica 
       
     2000 
       
     Asia, Africa, Mediterranean, Baltic 
       
 
     Oceania Regatta 
       
     1998 
       
     Caribbean, Panama Canal, New England, South America, Alaska, Mexico, Bermuda, Canada 
       
 
     Oceania Insignia 
       
     1998 
       
     Mediterranean, Black Sea, Baltic, Caribbean, South America, Panama Canal, South Pacific, Asia, Australia 
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Regent 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Seven Seas Voyager 
       
     2003 
       
     Asia, Africa, Baltic, Mediterranean 
       
 
     Seven Seas Mariner 
       
     2001 
       
     South America, Mediterranean, Black Sea, Panama Canal, Canada, Alaska 
       
 
     Seven Seas Navigator 
       
     1999 
       
     Europe, Caribbean, Panama Canal, Alaska, New England, Asia 
       
 
   

   

 

 
 (1) The table does not include the three Breakaway Plus Class Ships on order for delivery to the Norwegian fleet in the spring
of 2017, spring of 2018 and fall of 2019 nor does it include the Seven Seas Explorer on order for delivery to the Regent fleet
in the summer of 2016 or Sirena which will be placed in service to the Oceania Cruises’ fleet in the spring of 2016. 

   

 Our Competitive Strengths  

   

 We believe that the following business strengths will enable us
to execute our strategy: 

   

 Rich Stateroom Mix 

   

 The Norwegian, Oceania Cruises’ and Regent fleets offer an
attractive mix of staterooms, suites and villas. Norwegian’s accommodations include the groundbreaking Studio staterooms
designed for solo travelers centered around the Studio Lounge, a private lounge area solely for Studio guests, as well as ocean
views, balconies, and connecting accommodations to meet the needs of all types of cruisers. Norwegian’s suites range from
two bedroom family suites to penthouses and owner suites, as well as three bedroom Garden Villas measuring up to 6,694 square
feet. In addition, eight of Norwegian’s ships offer The Haven, a key-card access enclave on the upper decks with luxurious
suite accommodations, exclusive amenities, and 24/7 butler and concierge service. The Haven suites surround a private courtyard
with pool, hot tubs, sundeck, fitness center and steam rooms. Onboard Norwegian Epic and Breakaway Class Ships, The Haven
also includes a private lounge and fine dining restaurant. Norwegian Escape, the newest and first of the Breakaway Plus Class
Ships, offers the largest Haven complex to date with new outdoor fine dining providing expansive ocean views. The spacious and
elegant accommodations on Oceania Cruises’ five award-winning ships, the 684-Berth Regatta, Insignia and Nautica,
and the 1,250-Berth Marina and Riviera, range from 160-square foot inside staterooms to opulent 2,030-square foot Owner’s
Suites. Oceania Cruises will add a fourth 684-Berth ship with Sirena being placed in service in the spring of 2016. The Regent
fleet is comprised of three ships, Seven Seas Voyager and Seven Seas Mariner, which feature all-suite, all-balcony accommodations,
and Seven Seas Navigator, with a majority of accommodations including balconies. Regent’s Seven Seas Explorer, to be delivered
in the summer of 2016, will also feature all-suite, all-balcony accommodations including sophisticated designer suites ranging
from 300 to 3,875 square feet which are amongst the highest space-to-guest and crew-to-guest ratios in the industry. 

   

 High-Quality Service 

   

 The Norwegian, Oceania Cruises and Regent brands all offer a high
level of onboard service. Norwegian continues to enhance the level of service on its ships through the recently launched (“The
Norwegian Edge”) program. This program introduces specific standards aimed at enhancing the overall guest experience which
we believe will promote further customer loyalty. We believe the Acquisition of Prestige allows for collaboration among the Norwegian,
Oceania Cruises and Regent brands which will facilitate our ability to provide an enhanced guest experience across all brands.
Oceania Cruises and Regent are known for their quality of service, including some of the highest crew-to-guest ratios in the industry
and a staff trained to deliver personalized and attentive service in a country club, casual setting. 

   


 
       7   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Diverse Selection of Premium Itineraries 

   

 We have expanded our already broad range of premium itineraries.
Our fleet has a worldwide deployment, offering one to 180 days itineraries to more than 510 ports, including destinations in Scandinavia,
Russia, the Mediterranean, the Greek Isles, Alaska, Canada and New England, Asia, Tahiti and the South Pacific, Australia and New
Zealand, Africa, India, South America, the Panama Canal, and the Caribbean. 

   

 Strong Cash Flow 

   

 We believe our business model will generate a significant amount
of cash flow with high revenue visibility. All three of our brands afford the ability to pre-sell tickets, receive customer deposits
and sell onboard activities in advance with long lead times ahead of sailing. In terms of newbuild capital expenditures, the cash
flow impact is mitigated as we have export credit financing in place for all newbuild ships to fund approximately 80% of the contract
price of each ship. 

   

 Highly Experienced Management Team 

   

 Our senior management team is comprised of executives with extensive
experience in the cruise, travel, leisure and hospitality-related industries. Frank J. Del Rio is our President and Chief Executive
Officer. Mr. Del Rio has been responsible for the financial and strategic development of Prestige. Mr. Del Rio founded Oceania
Cruises in October 2002 and played a vital role in the development of Renaissance Cruises from 1993 to 2001. Andrew Stuart is our
President and Chief Operating Officer of our Norwegian brand. Mr. Stuart joined Norwegian in 1988 and has held several Senior Management
positions in Sales, Marketing and Passenger Services during his tenure before becoming President and Chief Operating Officer in
2015. Jason M. Montague is our President and Chief Operating Officer for the Regent and Oceania Cruises brands and was instrumental
in launching Oceania Cruises in 2002 and is widely regarded as one of its co-founders. Wendy Beck is our Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Beck has been with NCLH since 2010 and was instrumental in consummation of the IPO. For more on
our senior management, see “Executive Officers” below. 

   

 Our Business Strategies  

   

 We seek to attract vacationers with our products and services and
by creating differentiated itineraries in new markets on our current and upcoming ships with the aim of delivering an enhanced,
value-added vacation experience to our guests relative to other vacation alternatives. Our business strategies include the following: 

   

 Post-Acquisition of Prestige Strategy 

   

 We have implemented a corporate-wide strategy following the Acquisition
of Prestige which we believe will deliver a quality product to our guests and generate returns to our shareholders. We termed this
strategy the “New Deal” which includes three main tenets: 

   

 Organic growth . We capitalize on the knowledge
throughout the organization to identify areas where marginal changes can be implemented that promote growth from organic sources.
By sharing best practices across brands, our marketing teams find areas of opportunity to more effectively market to past guests
not only within each brand, but across brands as well. 

   

 Driving higher per diems to deliver higher yields.
 We are implementing a market-to-fill strategy which maintains pricing integrity by offering both the best price early in the
booking cycle and value-added promotions when necessary to avoid compromising on price. Diversification of deployment is another
key initiative to drive higher yields. Our destination management team reviews deployments across the fleet, either repositioning
ships to new destinations or fine-tuning itineraries, with the goal of creating scarcity which, in turn, leads to higher pricing.
We also look to increase demand through effective marketing and an enhanced sales force. 

   

 Leveraging scale to suppress
costs.   We leverage the
combined purchasing power of our three brands to reduce costs throughout the organization. In addition, we have created a shared-services
model to manage the newly combined company. This model places vessel operations, finance, accounting, purchasing, legal, information
technology and human resources, as well as other departments, as a shared-service for all three brands. This shared-services model
not only generates expense-related synergies, but also facilitates the sharing of best practices across all areas. 

   

 Enhanced Product Offerings and Guest Experience 

   

 Norwegian’s ships offer up to 28 dining options, a diverse
range of accommodations and what we believe is the widest array of entertainment at sea. Norwegian is also enhancing the guest
experience with The Norwegian Edge, a program that includes a multi-year, $400 million investment to enhance the guest experience
via extensive ship revitalizations and enriched destination experiences. We plan to complete these revitalizations and destination
enhancements by the end of 2017, at which time nine Norwegian ships will have undergone stern to bow refurbishments, bringing them
to The Norwegian Edge standards. Oceania Cruises’ award-winning onboard dining, with multiple open seating dining venues,
is a central highlight of its cruise experience. Regent’s all-inclusive offering includes air transportation, shore excursions,
hotel packages, specialty restaurants, premium spirits and fine wines, gratuities and other amenities. Regent recently announced
a $125 million fleet-wide renovation program aimed at upgrading its existing fleet to the same standards as its upcoming Seven
Seas Explorer. 

   


 
       8   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Maximize Net Yields  

   

 We focus on growing revenue through various initiatives aimed at
increasing ticket prices and Occupancy Percentages as well as onboard spending to drive higher overall Net Yields. Our specific
base-loading initiatives include: 

   

 Strategic Relationships.  We developed strategic
relationships with travel agencies and international tour operators who commit to purchasing a certain level of inventory with
long lead times. 

   

 Meetings, Incentives and Charters.  We increased
the focus on the meetings, incentives and charters channel, which typically books very far in advance and can represent a significant
portion of the ship, or even an entire sailing, in one transaction. 

   

 Casino Player Strategy.  We have non-exclusive
arrangements with over 100 casino partners worldwide whereby loyal gaming guests are offered cruise reward certificates redeemable
for cruises. Through property sponsored events and joint marketing programs, we have the opportunity to market cruises to these
guests. These arrangements with casino partners have the dual benefit of filling open inventory and reaching guests that we
expect to generate above average onboard revenue through the casino and other onboard spending. 

   

 Disciplined Fleet Expansion 

   

 We have orders with Meyer Werft shipyard for three Breakaway Plus
Class Ships for delivery in the spring of 2017, spring of 2018 and fall of 2019. These ships will be the largest in our fleet,
reaching approximately 164,600 Gross Tons. With approximately 4,100 to 4,350 Berths each, they will be similar in design and innovation
to our first Breakaway Plus Class Ship, Norwegian Escape, which was delivered in October 2015. We also have a contract with Fincantieri
shipyard to build Seven Seas Explorer to be delivered in the summer of 2016. The all-suite, all-balcony Seven Seas Explorer will
feature sophisticated designer suites ranging from 300 to 3,875 square feet with amongst the highest guest-to-space ratio of 76.0
gross ton per guest and a crew-to-guest ratio of 1 to 1.4. The ship will include five open-seating gourmet restaurants, Regent’s
signature nine-deck open atrium, a two-story theater, two boutiques and an expansive Canyon Ranch SpaClub. In November 2014, we
acquired a ship from a third party to join the Oceania Cruises’ fleet which will be named Sirena. After its current Bareboat
Charter ends in March 2016, we will extensively refurbish the ship to meet our standards. The third party provided financing for
the contract price. We believe these new ships will allow us to continue expanding the reach of our brands, positioning us for
accelerated growth and providing an optimized return on invested capital. 

   

 Expand and Strengthen Our Product Distribution Channels  

   

 As part of our growth strategy, we continually look for ways to
deepen and expand our sales channels. We continue to invest in our brands by enhancing websites and passenger services departments
where travel agents and guests have the ability to book cruise vacations. 

   

 We focus on distribution through our three primary channels: “Retail/Travel
Agent,” “International,” and “Meetings, Incentives and Charters.” 

   

 Retail/Travel Agent.  The retail/travel agent channel
represents the majority of our ticket sales. Our travel partner base is comprised of an extensive network of approximately 23,000
independent travel agencies including brick and mortar, internet-based and home-based operators located in North America, South
America, Europe, Asia and Australia. We have made substantial investments with improvements in booking technologies, transparent
pricing strategies, effective marketing tools, improved communication and cooperative marketing initiatives. We have expanded sales
force teams who work closely with our travel agency partners on maximizing their marketing and sales effectiveness across all three
of our brands. Our focused account management is designed to create solutions catered to the individual retailer through product
and sales training. This education creates a deeper understanding of all our offerings. 

   

 International.  We continue to accelerate our international
expansion efforts, building on initiatives rolled out in 2015 that focused on increasing our presence in the fast growing Asia
Pacific region. We announced the re-deployment of Norwegian Star to the Australasia region, which was followed by the opening of
our sales office in Sydney, Australia which services the growing demand from the Asia Pacific region for cruises across our three
brands. 

   

 Our entry into the Chinese market includes a multi-pronged
strategy to expand our presence in what many believe will soon become the world’s second largest cruise market. We began
with the opening of sales and marketing offices in Shanghai, Beijing and Hong Kong that will serve dual purposes. These offices
will look to source Chinese guests for international cruises across our three brands, which together combine to form a broad portfolio
of voyages and itineraries to every corner of the globe where a Chinese cruiser would look to sail. These offices will support
our travel partners to source locally for our China-dedicated venture, our Breakaway Plus Class Ship being launched in the spring
of 2017, which will be purpose-built for Chinese consumers. The ship will be designed to deliver a blend of the Norwegian brand’s
offering of freedom and flexibility with amenities and features that will resonate with Chinese guests. 

   

 For information regarding risks associated with our international
operations, see Part I Item 1A-Risk Factors in this annual report on Form 10-K, including the risk factor titled “Conducting
business internationally may result in increased costs and risks.” 

   


 
       9   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Meetings, Incentives and Charters.  This channel
focuses on full ship charters as well as corporate meetings and incentive travel. These sales often have very long lead times and
can fill a significant portion of the ship’s capacity, or even an entire sailing, in one transaction. The acquisition of
Sixthman in 2012, a company specializing in developing and delivering music-oriented charters, opened up a new market for travel
partners to be able to sell high-quality music experiences at sea to guests. 

   

 Itineraries  

   

 We offer cruise itineraries ranging from one to 180-days calling
on over 510 worldwide locations, including destinations in Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, the Greek Isles, Alaska, Canada
and New England, Asia, Tahiti and the South Pacific, Australia and New Zealand, Africa, India, South America, the Panama Canal,
and the Caribbean. We have developed, and are continuing to develop, innovative itineraries to position our ships in new and niche
markets as well as in the mainstream markets throughout the Americas and Europe. 

   

 We believe that these destination-focused itineraries, complemented
by a comprehensive shore excursion program (which is included in the all-inclusive fare for cruises on the Regent ships), differentiate
our brands from many of our competitors. We call on “must-see” and exotic destinations, many of which include overnight
stays in port, allowing guests to have more in-depth experiences than would otherwise be possible in only a single day port call. 

   

 For some of our longer itineraries, we maximize profitability by
selling segments of the longer itineraries as shorter cruises (i.e., which last 7 to 20 days) in order to capture more time-constrained
customers. The deployment flexibility created by the use of longer itineraries translates off-peak seasons into more profitable
portions of longer cruises. 

   

 Passenger Ticket Revenue  

   

 We offer our guests a wide variety of cruise fare options when booking
a cruise. Our cruise ticket prices generally include cruise fare and a wide variety of onboard activities and amenities, including
meals and entertainment. In some instances, cruise ticket prices include round-trip airfare to and from the port of embarkation,
complimentary beverages, unlimited shore excursions and pre-cruise hotel packages. Prices vary depending on the particular cruise
itinerary, stateroom category selected and the time of year that the voyage takes place. 

   

 Onboard and Other Revenue 

   

 All three brands generate onboard and other revenue for additional
products and services which are not included in the cruise fare, including casino operations, certain food and beverage, gift shop
purchases, spa services, photo services and other similar items. Food and beverage, casino operations and shore excursions are
generally managed directly by us while retail shops, spa services, art auctions and internet services are generally managed through
contracts with third-party concessionaires. These contracts generally entitle us to a fixed percentage for the gross sales derived
from these concessions. Norwegian’s ticket prices typically include cruise accommodations, meals in certain dining facilities
and many onboard activities such as entertainment, pool-side activities and various sports programs. Norwegian generates additional
revenue on our ships from casino operations, food and beverage, gift shop purchases, shore excursions, spa services, photo services
and other similar items. To maximize onboard revenue, Norwegian uses various cross-marketing and promotional tools which are supported
by point-of-sale systems permitting “cashless” transactions for the sale of these products and services. Oceania Cruises’
offerings typically include air transportation and certain other amenities. Regent’s offerings typically include air transportation,
a pre-cruise hotel night stay (for concierge level and above), premium wines and top shelf liquors, gratuities and unlimited shore
excursions. Both Regent and Oceania Cruises generate additional revenue from casino operations, gift shop purchases, shore excursions
and spa services. 

   

 Onboard and other revenue accounted for 28% of our consolidated
revenue in 2015, 30% in 2014 and 31% in 2013. 

   

 Revenue Management Practices  

   

 Our revenue management function performs extensive analyses in order
to determine booking history and trends by sailing, stateroom category, travel partner, market segment, itinerary and distribution
channel in order to determine cruise ticket pricing. We concentrate on improving early booking occupancy rates to drive higher
Net Yields. We execute targeted and high-frequency marketing campaigns that communicate a message of a value-packed cruise offering
in both North American and select international markets. To increase the effectiveness of these targeted marketing programs, we
emphasize communication to keep the travel agents engaged and informed and utilize call centers focusing on both inbound calls
and outbound calls to high potential targeted customers. This marketing strategy assists in maximizing the revenue potential from
each customer contact generated by various marketing campaigns. We believe these strategies and other initiatives executed by our
distribution channels will drive sustainable growth in the number of guests carried and in Net Yields achieved. 

   


 
       10   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 Seasonality  

   

 Our revenue is seasonal and based on the demand for cruises. Historically,
the seasonality of the North American cruise industry generally results in the greatest demand for cruises during the Northern
Hemisphere’s summer months. This predictable seasonality in demand has resulted in fluctuations by quarter in our revenue
and results of operations. The seasonality of our results is increased due to ships being taken out of service for regularly scheduled
Dry-docks, which we typically schedule during non-peak demand periods. 

   

 Competition 

   

 Our primary competition includes operators such as Carnival Corporation
& Carnival plc, which owns and operates Carnival Cruise Line, Holland America Line, Princess Cruises and Seabourn Cruise Line,
among others, and Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd., which owns and operates, Royal Caribbean International, Celebrity Cruises and Azamara
Club Cruises, among others, as well as other cruise lines such as Crystal Cruises and Silversea Cruises.  In
addition, we compete with land-based vacation alternatives, such as hotels and resorts, vacation ownership properties, casinos,
and  tourist destinations throughout the world. 

   

 Marketing Strategy 

   

 Our marketing teams work to enhance brand awareness and increase
levels of understanding and consideration of our products and services among consumers and trade and travel partners with the ultimate
goal of driving sales. We utilize a multi-channel strategy that may include a combination of print, television, radio, website/e-commerce,
direct mail, social media, mobile and e-mail campaigns, partnerships, customer loyalty initiatives, market research, and business-to-business
events. 

   

 Building customer loyalty among our past guests is an important
element of our marketing strategy. We believe that attending to the needs and motivations of our past guests creates a cost-effective
means of attracting business, particularly to our new ships and itineraries, because past guests are familiar with our brands,
products and services and often return to cruise with us. We have shared customer databases across our brands to further enhance
our communications with our past guests who receive newsletters and mailings with informative destination and product information
and promotional amenities. Continued investments in our websites is also key to ensuring the optimal pre-cruise planning experience
offering guests the ability to shop, reserve and purchase a breadth of onboard products and services. We have a strong communications
stream that provides customized pre-cruise information to help guests maximize their cruise experience as well as a series of communications
to welcome them home and ultimately engage them in booking another cruise. 

   

 Travel agents are crucial to our marketing
and distribution efforts. We provide robust marketing support and enhanced tools for our travel agent partners through a variety
of programs. Our travel partners can benefit from our online travel partner education programs that include a wide variety of courses
about our ships, itineraries and other best-selling practices. Agents can also easily customize   a
multitude of consumer marketing materials for their use in promoting our products through our online platform.  

   

 Guest feedback is also a critically important element in the development
of our overall marketing and business strategies. We regularly initiate guest feedback studies among both travel partners and consumers
to assess the impact of various programs and/or to solicit information that helps shape future direction. 

   

 Ship Operations and Cruise Infrastructure  

   

 Ship Maintenance and Logistics  

   

 Sophisticated and efficient maintenance and operations systems support
the technical superiority and modern look of our fleet. In addition to routine repairs and maintenance performed on an ongoing
basis and in accordance with applicable requirements, each of our ships is generally taken out of service, approximately every
24 to 60 months, for a period of one or more weeks for scheduled maintenance work, repairs and improvements performed in Dry-dock.
Dry-dock interval is a statutory requirement controlled under IMO requirements reflected in chapters of the International Convention
of the Safety of Life at Seas (“SOLAS”) and to some extent the International Load Lines Convention. Under these regulations,
it is required that a passenger ship Dry-dock once in five years (depending on age of vessel), twice in 5 years (depending on flag
state and age of vessel) and the maximum interval between each Dry-dock cannot exceed 3 years (depending age of vessel and flag
state). However, most of our international ships qualify under a special exemption provided by the Bahamas and/or Marshall Islands
(flag state), as applicable, after meeting certain criteria set forth by the ship’s flag state to Dry-dock once every 5 years.
To the extent practical, each ship’s crew, catering and hotel staff remain with the ship during the Dry-dock period and assist
in performing repair and maintenance work. Accordingly, Dry-dock work is typically performed during non-peak demand periods to
minimize the adverse effect on revenue that results from ships being out of service. Dry-docks are typically scheduled in spring
or autumn and depend on shipyard availability. 

   

 Suppliers  

   

 Our largest capital expenditures are for ship construction and acquisition.
Our largest operating expenditures are for payroll (including our contract with a third party who provides certain crew services),
fuel, food and beverage, travel agent services and advertising and marketing. Most of the supplies that we require are available
from numerous sources at competitive prices. In addition, owing to the large quantities that we purchase, we can obtain favorable
prices for many of our supplies. Our purchases are denominated primarily in U.S. dollars. Payment terms granted by the suppliers
are generally customary terms for the cruise industry. 

   


 
       11   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 Crew and Staff  

   

 Best-in-class guest service levels are paramount in the markets
in which we operate, where travelers have discriminating tastes and high expectations for service quality. We have dedicated increasing
attention and resources to ensure that our service offerings on all of our ships meet the demands of our guests. Among other initiatives,
we have implemented rigorous onboard training programs, with a focus on career development. We believe that our dedication to anticipating
and meeting our guests’ every need differentiates our operations and fosters close relationships between our guests and crew,
helping to build customer loyalty. 

   

 We place the utmost importance on the safety of our guests and crew.
We operate all of our vessels to meet and exceed the requirements of SOLAS and International Management Code for the Safe Operation
of Ships and for Pollution Prevention (“ISM Code”), the international safety standards which govern the cruise industry.
Every crew member is well trained in the Company’s stringent safety protocols, participating in regular safety trainings,
exercises and drills onboard every one of our ships. 

   

 Our captains are experienced seafarers. We further ensure that our
captains regularly undergo rigorous training on navigation and bridge operations. To assist our captains and officers while at
sea, we have extensive navigation protocols in place. Our bridge operations are based on robust navigational procedures and risk
analysis. Our bridge teams follow pre-set voyage plans which are thoroughly reviewed and discussed by the captain and bridge team
prior to port departures and arrivals. In addition, all of our ships employ the latest state-of-the-art navigational equipment
and technology to ensure that our bridge teams have the most accurate data regarding the planned itinerary. 

   

 Prior to every cruise setting sail or upon departure, we hold a
mandatory safety drill for all guests during which important safety information is reviewed and demonstrated. We also show an extensive
safety video which runs continuously on the stateroom televisions. Our fleet is equipped with modern navigational control and fire
prevention and control systems. In recent years, our ships have continuously been upgraded and include internal and external regulatory
audits. 

   

 We have developed Safety Management Systems (“SMS”),
which establish policies, procedures, training, qualification, quality, compliance, audit and self-improvement standards for all
employees, both shipboard and shoreside. SMS also provides real-time reports and information to support the fleet and risk management
decisions. Through these systems, our senior managers, as well as ship management, can focus on consistent, high quality operation
of the fleet. Our SMS are approved and audited regularly by our classification society, Lloyds Register, and they also undergo
regular internal audits as well as annual/semiannual inspections by the U.S. Coast Guard, flag state and other port and state authorities.
We screen and train our crew to ensure crew familiarity and proficiency with the safety equipment onboard. Various safety measures
have been implemented on all of our ships and additional personnel have been appointed in our ship operations departments. 

   

 Insurance  

   

 We maintain insurance on the hull and machinery of our ships, which
are maintained in amounts related to the estimated market value of each ship. The coverage for each of the hull and machinery policies
is maintained with syndicates of insurance underwriters from the European and U.S. insurance markets. 

   

 In addition to the insurance coverage on the hull and machinery
of our ships, we seek to maintain comprehensive insurance coverage and believe that our current coverage is at appropriate levels
to protect against most of the accident-related risks involved in the conduct of our business. The insurance we carry includes: 

   

 
 • Protection and indemnity insurance (coverage for passenger, crew and third-party liabilities), including insurance against
risk of pollution liabilities; 

   

 
 • War risk insurance, including terrorist risk insurance. The terms of our war risk policies include provisions where underwriters
can give seven days’ notice to the insured that the policies will be cancelled in the event of a change of risk which is
typical for policies in the marine industry. Upon any proposed cancellation the insurer shall, before expiry of the seven day period,
submit new terms; and 

   

 
 • Insurance for our shoreside property and general liability risks. 

   

 We believe that all of our insurance coverage, including those noted
above, is subject to market-standard limitations, exclusions and deductible levels. 

   

 The Athens Convention Relating to the Carriage of Passengers and
Their Luggage by Sea (1974) (the “Athens Convention”) and the Protocol to the Athens Convention Relating to the Carriage
of Passengers and Their Luggage by Sea (1976) (the “1976 Protocol”) are generally applicable to passenger ships. The
U.S. has not ratified the Athens Convention; however, with limited exceptions, the 1976 Protocol may be contractually enforced
with respect to cruises that do not call at a U.S. port. The IMO Diplomatic Conference agreed to a new protocol to the Athens Convention
on November 1, 2002 (the “2002 Protocol”). The 2002 Protocol, which took effect on April 23, 2014, establishes
for the first time a level of compulsory insurance which must be maintained by passenger ship operators with a right of direct
action against the insurer. In addition, on December 31, 2012, the European Union (“EU”) Passenger Liability Regulation
became effective and requires us to carry a minimum level of financial responsibility per passenger per incident. We believe the
amount of our protection and indemnity policy coverage provides the compulsory insurance; however, no assurance can be given that
affordable and secure insurance markets will remain available to provide the level and type of coverage required. 

   


 
       12   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Trademarks  

   

 Under the Norwegian brand, we own a number of registered trademarks
relating to, among other things, the names “NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE,” “FEEL FREE” (an application for this
trademark has been filed and is pending), “CRUISE LIKE A NORWEGIAN,” the names of our ships (except where trademark
applications for these have been filed and are pending), incentive programs and specialty services rendered on our ships and specialty
accommodations such as “THE HAVEN BY NORWEGIAN.” In addition, we own registered trademarks relating to the “FREESTYLE”
family of names, including, “FREESTYLE CRUISING,” “FREESTYLE DINING” and “FREESTYLE VACATION.”
We believe that these trademarks are widely recognized throughout North America, Europe and other areas of the world and have considerable
value. 

   

 Under the Oceania Cruises brand, we own a number of registered trademarks
in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions relating to, among other things, the names “OCEANIA CRUISES,” “REGATTA,”
“INSIGNIA,” “YOUR WORLD. YOUR WAY.” and the Oceania Cruises’ logo. 

   

 Under the Regent brand, we own registered trademarks relating to,
among other things, the names “SEVEN SEAS CRUISES,” “SEVEN SEAS NAVIGATOR,” “SEVEN SEAS MARINER,”
“SEVEN SEAS VOYAGER,” “SEVEN SEAS EXPLORER” and “LUXURY GOES EXPLORING.” We also claim common
law rights in trademarks and trade names used in conjunction with our ships, incentive programs, customer loyalty program and specialty
services rendered onboard our ships. 

   

 The Regent ships have been operating under the Regent brand since
2006. We entered into a trademark license agreement with Regent Hospitality Worldwide, Inc., which we amended in February 2011,
granting us the right to use the “Regent” brand family of marks. The amended trademark license agreement allows Regent
to use the Regent trade name, in conjunction with cruises, in perpetuity, subject to the terms and conditions stated in the agreement. 

   

 Regulatory Issues  

   

 Registration of Our Ships  

   

 Sixteen of the ships that we currently operate are registered in
the Bahamas. One of our ships, Pride of America, is a U.S.-flagged ship. Five of our ships are registered in the Marshall Islands.
Our ships registered in the Bahamas and the Marshall Islands are inspected at least annually pursuant to Bahamian and Marshall
Islands requirements and are subject to International laws and regulations and to various U.S. federal regulatory agencies, including,
but not limited to, the U.S. Public Health Service and the U.S. Coast Guard. Our U.S.-registered ship is subject to laws and regulations
of the U.S. federal government, including, but not limited to, the Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), the U.S. Coast
Guard and U.S. Department of Labor. The international, national, state and local laws, regulations, treaties and other legal requirements
applicable to our operations change regularly, depending on the itineraries of our ships and the ports and countries visited. 

   

 Our ships are subject to inspection by the port regulatory authorities
in the various countries that they visit. Such inspections include verification of compliance with the maritime safety, security,
environmental, customs, immigration, health and labor regulations applicable to each port as well as with international requirements. 

   

 Our entire fleet is also subject to the health, safety, security
and environmental laws and regulations of the various port locales where the ships dock. The U.S., Bahamas and Marshall Islands
are members of the IMO and have adopted and implemented the IMO conventions relating to ocean-going passenger ships. U.S. law generally
requires ships transporting passengers exclusively between and among ports in the U.S. to be built entirely in the U.S., documented
under U.S. law, crewed by Americans and owned by entities that are at least 75% owned and controlled by U.S. citizens. We have
been granted specific authority to operate in and among the islands of Hawaii under legislation, known as the “Hawaii Cruise
Ship Provision,” which was part of the “Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, 2003” enacted in 2003 (Public
Law 108-7, Division B, Title II, General Provisions—Department of Commerce, Section 211 (February 20, 2003) (117 Stat.
11,79)). The Hawaii Cruise Ship Provision permitted two partially completed ships (originally contracted for construction in a
U.S. shipyard by an unrelated party), to be completed in a shipyard outside of the U.S. and documented under the U.S. flag even
if the owner does not meet the 75% U.S. ownership requirement, provided that the direct owning entity is organized under the laws
of the U.S. and meets certain U.S. citizen officer and director requirements. Presently, only one of the two ships completed in
compliance with the Hawaii Cruise Ship Provision, Pride of America, operates as a U.S.-flagged ship. The other, Pride of Hawai’i,
was transferred to the Bahamas registry and operates as Norwegian Jade. The Hawaii Cruise Ship Provision also authorized the re-documentation
under the U.S. flag of one additional foreign-built cruise ship for operation between U.S. ports in the islands of Hawaii, Pride
of Aloha. In May 2008, Pride of Aloha was transferred to the Bahamas registry and operates as Norwegian Sky. The Hawaii Cruise
Ship Provision imposes certain requirements, including that any non-warranty work be performed in the U.S., except in case of emergency
or lack of availability, and that the ship operates primarily between and among the islands of Hawaii. As a result of this exemption,
our U.S.-flagged ship deployed in Hawaii is able to cruise between U.S. ports in Hawaii without the need to call at a foreign port. 

   

 Certain ships are also subject to periodic class surveys by ship
classification societies, including Dry-dock inspections, to verify that they have been maintained in accordance with the rules
of the classification societies and that recommended maintenance and required repairs have been satisfactorily completed. Class
certification is required for our cruise ships to be flagged in a specific country, obtain liability insurance and legally operate
as passenger cruise ships. For more information on Dry-dock work, see “Ship Operations and Cruise Infrastructure—Ship
Maintenance and Logistics.” 

   


 
       13   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Health and Environment  

   

 Our ships are subject to U.S. and various international, national,
state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, that govern air emissions, waste discharge, water management
and disposal, and use and disposal of hazardous substances such as chemicals, solvents and paints. Under such laws and regulations,
we are prohibited from discharging certain materials, such as petrochemicals and plastics, into waterways. Specifically, in the
U.S., we comply with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s Vessel General Permit (“VGP”). 

   

 In the U.S., we must also meet the U.S. Public Health Service’s
requirements, including ratings by inspectors from the Vessel Sanitation Program of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
(“CDC”) and the FDA. We rate at the top of the range of CDC and FDA scores achieved by the major cruise lines. In addition,
the cruise industry and the U.S. Public Health Service have agreed on regulations for food, water and hygiene to assist cruise
lines in achieving the highest health and sanitation standards on cruise ships. 

   

 The U.S. Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships, which implements the
convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships (“MARPOL”), provides for severe civil and criminal penalties
related to ship-generated pollution for incidents in U.S. waters within three nautical miles of land and, in some cases, within
the 200-nautical mile Exclusive Economic Zone (“EEZ”). 

   

 The U.S. Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (“OPA 90”) provides
for strict liability for water pollution caused by the discharge of oil in the 200-nautical mile EEZ of the U.S., subject to defined
monetary limits. OPA 90 requires that in order for us to operate in U.S. waters, we must have Certificates of Financial Responsibility
(“COFR”) from the U.S. Coast Guard for each ship that operates in these waters.  Our continued OPA 90 certification
signifies our ability to meet the requirements for related OPA 90 liability in the event of an oil spill or release of a hazardous
substance.  

   

 The Clean Water Act of 1972, and other laws and regulations, provide
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) with the authority to regulate commercial vessels’ incidental
discharges of ballast water, bilge water, gray water, anti-fouling paints and other substances during normal operations while a
vessel is on inland waters, within three nautical miles of land, and in designated federally protected waters. The U.S. National
Pollutant Discharge Elimination System was designed to minimize pollution within U.S. territorial waters. For our affected ships,
all of the requirements are laid out in the EPA’s VGP. The VGP establishes effluent limits for 27 specific discharges incidental
to the normal operation of a vessel. In addition to these discharge and vessel specific requirements, the VGP includes requirements
for inspections, monitoring, reporting and recordkeeping. 

   

 Many coastal U.S. states have also enacted environmental regulations
that impose strict liability for removal costs and damages resulting from a discharge of oil or a release of a hazardous substance.
These laws may be more stringent than U.S. federal law and in some cases have no statutory limits of liability. The State of Alaska
enacted legislation that prohibits certain discharges in designated state waters and requires that certain discharges be monitored
to verify compliance with the established standards. The legislation also provides that repeat violators of the regulations could
be prohibited from operating in Alaskan waters. 

   

 The European Union (“EU”) has adopted a substantial
and diverse range of environmental measures aimed at improving the quality of the environment. To support the implementation and
enforcement of European environmental legislation, the EU has adopted directives on environmental liability and enforcement as
well as a recommendation providing for minimum criteria for environmental inspections. The European Commission’s (“EC”)
strategy is to reduce atmospheric emissions from seagoing ships. The EC goes beyond the IMO requirement by introducing legislation
to use low sulfur (less than 0.1%) marine gas oil in EU ports. 

   

 MARPOL specifies requirements for Emission Control Areas (“ECAs”)
with stricter limitations on sulfur emissions in these areas. Ships operating in the Baltic Sea ECA, the North Sea/English Channel
ECA, the North American ECA and the U.S. Caribbean Sea ECA are required to use fuel with a sulfur content of no more than 0.1%
or use approved alternative emission reduction methods. Other additional ECAs may also be established in the future, with areas
around Australia, Hong Kong, Japan, the Mediterranean Sea and Mexico being considered. 

   

 The MARPOL global limit on fuel sulfur content outside of ECAs will
be reduced to 0.5% from the current 3.5% global limit after January 2020. The 0.5% global standard will be subject to an IMO
review by 2018 to determine the availability of fuel oil to comply with this standard. This review will take into account the global
fuel oil market supply and demand, an analysis of trends in fuel oil markets and any other relevant issues. If the IMO determines
that there is insufficient fuel to comply with the 0.5% standard in January 2020, then this requirement will be delayed until
January 2025, at the latest. However, the European Union Parliament and Council have set January 2020 as the final date for
the 0.5% fuel sulfur limit to enter force, regardless of the 2018 IMO review results. This European Union Sulfur Directive will
cover European Union Member State territorial waters that are within 12 nautical miles of their coastline. 

   

 Recently adopted amendments to MARPOL will make the Baltic Sea a
“Special Area” where sewage discharges from passenger ships will be prohibited. Stricter discharge restrictions are
currently in effect for new passenger ships whose construction began after January 1, 2016, and for existing passenger ships starting
in 2018. The underlying requirements may impact our operations unless suitable port waste facilities are available, or new technologies
for onboard waste treatment are developed. Accordingly, the cost of complying with these requirements is not determinable at this
time; however, we do not expect it to be material. 

   

 In addition to the existing legal requirements, we are committed
to helping to preserve the environment, because a clean, unspoiled environment is a key element that attracts guests to our ships.
Furthermore, NCL (Bahmas) Ltd. and NCL (America) LLC are certified 

   


 
       14   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 under the International Organization for Standardization’s
14001 Standard. This voluntary standard sets requirements for establishment and implementation of a comprehensive environmental
management system which we have adopted for our operations. Currently we operate under an Environmental Management System that
is incorporated into the Company’s SMS. 

   

 If we violate or fail to comply with environmental laws, regulations
or treaties, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. We have made, and will continue to make, capital and other
expenditures to comply with changing environmental laws, regulations and treaties. Any fines or other sanctions for violation or
failure to comply with environmental requirements or any expenditures required to comply with environmental requirements could
have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, cash flow or financial condition. 

   

 Permits for Glacier Bay, Alaska  

   

 In connection with certain Alaska cruise operations, Norwegian relies
on concession permits from the U.S. National Park Service to operate its ships in Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve. Norwegian
currently holds a concession permit allowing for 22 calls per summer cruising season through September 30, 2019. However,
there can be no assurance that such permit will be renewed when necessary or that regulations relating to the renewal of such permit
will remain unchanged in the future. 

   

 Security and Safety  

   

 The IMO has adopted safety standards as part of SOLAS, which apply
to all of our ships. SOLAS establishes requirements for vessel design, structural features, construction methods and materials,
refurbishment standards, life-saving equipment, fire protection and detection, safe management and operation and security in order
to help ensure the safety and security of our guests and crew. All of our crew undergo regular safety training exercises that meet
all international and national maritime regulations. 

   

 SOLAS requires that all cruise ships are certified as having safety
procedures that comply with the requirements of the International Management Code for the Safe Operation of Ships and for Pollution
Prevention (“ISM Code”). We have obtained certificates certifying that our ships are in compliance with the ISM Code.
Each such certificate is granted for a five-year period and is subject to periodic verification. 

   

 The SOLAS requirements are amended and extended by the IMO from
time to time. For example, the International Port and Ship Facility Code (“ISPS Code”), was adopted by the IMO in December
2002 and provides for measures strengthening maritime security and places new requirements on governments, port authorities and
shipping companies in relation to security issues on ships and in ports. 

   

 In addition to the requirements of the ISPS Code, the U.S. Congress
enacted the Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002 (“MTSA”), which implements a number of security measures at
ports in the U.S. including measures that apply to ships registered outside the U.S. and docking at ports in the U.S. The U.S.
Coast Guard has published MTSA regulations that require a security plan for every ship entering the territorial waters of the U.S.,
provide for identification requirements for ships entering such waters and establish various procedures for the identification
of crew members on such ships. The Transportation Workers Identification Credential is a federal requirement for accessibility
into and onto U.S. ports and U.S.-flagged ships. 

   

 Amendments to SOLAS required that ships constructed in accordance
with pre-1974 SOLAS requirements install automatic sprinkler systems. IMO adopted an amendment to SOLAS which requires partial
bulkheads on stateroom balconies to be of non-combustible construction. The SOLAS regulation implemented Long-Range Identification
and Tracking. All of our ships are in compliance with the requirements of SOLAS as amended and/or as applicable to the keel-laying
date. 

   

 Maritime-Labor  

   

 In 2006, the International Labor Organization (“ILO”),
an agency of the United Nations that develops and oversees international labor standards, adopted a new Consolidated Maritime Labor
Convention (“MLC 2006”). MLC 2006 contains a comprehensive set of global standards based on those that are already
found in 68 maritime labor Conventions and Recommendations adopted by the ILO since 1920. MLC 2006 includes a broad range of requirements,
such as a broader definition of a seafarer, minimum age of seafarers, medical certificates, recruitment practices, training, repatriation,
food, recreational facilities, health and welfare, hours of work and rest, accommodations, wages and entitlements. MLC 2006 added
requirements not previously in effect, in the areas of occupational safety and health. MLC 2006 became effective in certain countries
commencing August 2013. The Standard of Training Certification and Watch Keeping for Seafarers (“STCW”), as amended,
establishes minimum standards relating to training, certification and watchkeeping for our seafarers. 

   

 Financial Requirements  

   

 The Federal Maritime Commission (“FMC”) requires evidence
of financial responsibility for those offering transportation on passenger ships operating out of U.S. ports to indemnify passengers
in the event of non-performance of the transportation. Accordingly, each of our three brands are required to maintain a $30.0 million
third-party performance guarantee in respect of liabilities for non-performance of transportation and other obligations to passengers.
The guarantee requirements are subject to additional consumer price index-based adjustments. Also, each of our brands has a legal
requirement to maintain a security guarantee based on cruise business originated from the U.K. and, accordingly, has established
separate bonds with the Association of British Travel Agents currently valued at approximately British Pound Sterling 6.5 million
in the aggregate. We also are required to establish 

   


 
       15   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 financial responsibility by other jurisdictions to meet liability
in the event of non-performance of our obligations to passengers from those jurisdictions. 

   

 From time to time, various other regulatory and legislative changes
have been or may in the future be proposed that may have an effect on our operations in the U.S. and the cruise industry in general. 

   

 For information regarding risks associated with our compliance with
legal and regulatory requirements, see Part I Item 1A-Risk Factors in this annual report on Form 10-K, including the risk factor
titled “We are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, which could adversely
affect our operations and any changes in the current laws and regulations could lead to increased costs or decreased revenue.” 

   

 Taxation  

   

 U.S. Income Taxation 

   

 The following discussion is based upon current provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”), U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative rulings and court decisions, all of which
are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. Changes in these authorities may cause the tax consequences to vary substantially
from the consequences described below. 

   

 Exemption of International Shipping Income under Section 883
of the Code  

   

 Under Section 883 of the Code (“Section 883”) and the
related regulations, a foreign corporation will be exempt from U.S. federal income taxation on its U.S.-source income derived from
the international operation of ships (“shipping income”) if: (a) it is organized in a qualified foreign country, which
is one that grants an “equivalent exemption” from tax to corporations organized in the U.S. in respect of each category
of shipping income for which exemption is being claimed under Section 883; and (b) either: (1) more than 50% of the value of its
stock is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by qualified shareholders, which includes individuals who are “residents”
of a qualified foreign country; (2) one or more classes of its stock representing, in the aggregate, more than 50% of the combined
voting power and value of all classes of its stock are “primarily and regularly traded on one or more established securities
markets” in a qualified foreign country or in the U.S. (the “publicly traded test”); or (3) it is a “controlled
foreign corporation” (a “CFC”) for more than half of the taxable year and more than 50% of its stock is owned
by qualified U.S. persons for more than half of the taxable year (the “CFC test”). In addition, U.S. Treasury Regulations
require a foreign corporation and certain direct and indirect shareholders to satisfy detailed substantiation and reporting requirements. 

   

 NCLH is incorporated in Bermuda, a qualified foreign country which
grants an equivalent exemption, and NCLH meets the publicly traded test because its ordinary shares are primarily and regularly
traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, which is considered to be an established securities market in the U.S. Therefore, we
believe that NCLH qualifies for the benefits of Section 883. 

   

 We believe and have taken the position that substantially all of
NCLH’s income, including the income of its ship-owning subsidiaries, is properly categorized as shipping income, and that
we do not have a material amount of non-qualifying income. It is possible, however, that the IRS interpretation of shipping income
could differ from ours and that a much larger percentage of our income does not qualify (or will not qualify) as shipping income.
Moreover, the exemption for shipping income is only available for years in which we will satisfy complex tests under Section 883.
There are factual circumstances beyond our control, including changes in the direct and indirect owners of NCLH’s ordinary
shares, including as a result of the Acquisition of Prestige, which could cause NCLH or its subsidiaries to lose the benefit of
the exemption under Section 883. Further, any changes in our operations could significantly increase our exposure to taxation on
shipping income, and we can give no assurances on this matter. 

   

 Under certain circumstances, changes in the identity, residence
or holdings of NCLH’s direct or indirect shareholders could cause NCLH’s ordinary shares not to be regularly traded
on an established securities market within the meaning of the regulations under Section 883. Therefore, as a precautionary matter,
NCLH has provided protections in its bye-laws to reduce the risk of such changes impacting our ability to meet the publicly traded
test by prohibiting any person, other than the Sponsors, from owning, directly, indirectly or constructively, more than 4.9% of
NCLH’s ordinary shares unless such ownership is approved by NCLH’s Board of Directors (the “4.9% limit”).
Any outstanding shares held in excess of the 4.9% limit will be transferred to and held in a trust. 

   

 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, Regent and its non-U.S. subsidiaries
are disregarded as entities separate from their immediate foreign parent (PCH) and Oceania Cruises is treated as a corporation.
For 2015, both Regent and Oceania Cruises relied on NCLH’s ability to meet the requirements necessary to qualify for the
benefits of Section 883 as discussed above. For 2014, both Regent and Oceania Cruises relied on PCH’s ability to meet the
requirements necessary to qualify for the benefits of Section 883. PCH is organized as a company in Panama, which grants an equivalent
tax exemption to U.S. corporations, and is thus classified as a qualified foreign country for purposes of Section 883. PCH was
classified as a CFC for the taxable year ended December 31, 2014, and we believe PCH met the ownership and substantiation requirements
of the CFC test under the regulations for that year. 

   

 Taxation of International Shipping Income Where Section 883 is
Inapplicable  

   

 Unless exempt from U.S. federal income taxation, a foreign corporation
is subject to U.S. federal income tax in respect of its “shipping income” that is derived from sources within the U.S.
If we fail to qualify for the exemption under Section 883 in respect of our U.S.-sourced shipping income, or if the provision was
repealed, then we will be subject to taxation in the U.S. on such income. 

   


 
       16   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Generally, “shipping income” is any income that is derived
from the use of vessels, from the hiring or leasing of vessels for use on a time, voyage or Bareboat Charter basis or from the
performance of services directly related to those uses. For these purposes, shipping income attributable to transportation that
begins or ends, but that does not both begin and end, in the U.S., which we refer to as “U.S.- source shipping income,”
will be considered to be 50% derived from sources within the U.S. 

   

 If we do not qualify for exemption under Section 883, or if the
provision was repealed, then any U.S.-sourced shipping income or any other income that is considered to be effectively connected
income would be subject to federal corporate income taxation on a net basis (generally at a 35% rate) and state and local taxes,
and our effectively connected earnings and profits may also be subject to an additional branch profits tax of 30%, unless a lower
treaty rate applies (the “Net Tax Regime”). Our U.S.-source shipping income is considered effectively connected income
if we have, or are considered to have, a fixed place of business in the U.S. involved in the earning of U.S.-source shipping income,
and substantially all of our U.S.-source shipping income is attributable to regularly scheduled transportation, such as the operation
of a vessel that follows a published schedule with repeated sailings at regular intervals between the same points for voyages that
begin or end in the U.S. 

   

 If we do not have a fixed place of business in the U.S. or substantially
all of our income is not derived from regularly scheduled transportation, the income will generally not be considered to be effectively
connected income. In that case, we would be subject to a special 4% tax on our U.S.-source shipping income (the “4% Tax Regime”). 

   

 Other U.S. Taxation  

   

 U.S. Treasury Regulations list several items of income which are
not considered to be incidental to the international operation of ships and, to the extent derived from U.S. sources, are subject
to U.S. federal income taxes under the Net Tax Regime discussed above. Income items considered non-incidental to the international
operation of ships include income from the sale of single-day cruises, shore excursions, air and other transportation, and pre-
and post-cruise land packages. We believe that substantially all of our income currently derived from the international operation
of ships is shipping income. 

   

 Income from U.S.-flagged Operation under NCL America  

   

 Income derived from our U.S.-flagged operation generally will be
subject to U.S. corporate income taxes both at the federal and state levels.  We expect that such income will not be subject
to U.S. branch profits tax nor a U.S. dividend withholding tax under the U.S.-U.K. Income Tax Treaty. 

   

 U.K. Income Taxation 

   

 As a result of a restructuring, NCLH and NCLC became tax residents
of the U.K. and are subject to normal U.K. corporation tax. 

   

 U.S. Taxation of Gain on Sale of Vessels 

   

 Gains from the sale of vessels should generally also be exempt from
tax under Section 883 provided NCLH qualifies for exemption from tax under Section 883 in respect of our shipping income. If, however,
our gain does not qualify for exemption under Section 883, or if the provision was repealed, then such gain could be subject to
either the Net Tax Regime or the 4% Tax Regime. 

   

 Certain State, Local and Non-U.S. Tax Matters 

   

 We may be subject to state, local and non-U.S. income or non-income
taxes in various jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business, own property or reside. We may be required to file
tax returns in some or all of those jurisdictions. Our state, local or non-U.S. tax treatment may not conform to the U.S. federal
income tax treatment discussed above. We may be required to pay non-U.S. taxes on dispositions of foreign property, or operations
involving foreign property may give rise to non-U.S. income or other tax liabilities in amounts that could be substantial. 

   

 Changes in Tax Laws 

   

 The various tax regimes to which we are currently subject result
in a relatively low effective tax rate on our worldwide income. These tax regimes, however, are subject to change, possibly with
retroactive effect. For example, legislation has been proposed in the past that would eliminate the benefits of the exemption from
U.S. federal income tax under Section 883 and subject all or a portion of our shipping income to taxation in the U.S. Moreover,
we may become subject to new tax regimes and may be unable to take advantage of favorable tax provisions afforded by current or
future law including exemption of branch profits and dividend withholding taxes under the U.S.-U.K. Income Tax Treaty on income
derived in respect of our U.S.-flagged operation. 

   

 Employees  

   

 As of December 31, 2015, we employed approximately 2,800 full-time
employees worldwide in our shoreside operations and approximately 23,700 shipboard employees. Regent and Oceania Cruises’
ships also utilize a third party to provide additional hotel and restaurant employees onboard. We refer you to “Risk Factors—Amendments
to the collective bargaining agreements for crew members of our fleet and other employee relation issues may materially adversely
affect our financial results” for more information regarding our relationships with union employees and our collective bargaining
agreements that are currently in place. 

   


 
       17   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 Ports and Facilities  

   

 We have an agreement with the Government of Bermuda whereby two
of our ships are permitted weekly calls in Bermuda through 2018 from Boston, Baltimore, Charleston and New York. In addition, we
own a private island in the Bahamas, Great Stirrup Cay, which we utilize as a port-of-call on certain itineraries. We purchased
a future cruise destination in Belize which will be introduced in 2016. We have a contract with the New York City Economic Development
Corporation pursuant to which we receive preferential berthing rights at the Manhattan Cruise Terminal. Furthermore, we have contracts
with the Port of New Orleans and the Port of Miami pursuant to which we receive preferential Berths to the exclusion of other vessels
for certain specified days of the week at the cities’ cruise ship terminals. In addition, we have agreements with similar
rights in Port Canaveral and the Port of Tampa. We have an agreement with the Houston Port Authority through April 15, 2017, for
certain exclusive berthing rights at the Houston Passenger Cruise Terminal. We have a concession permit with the U.S. National
Park Service whereby our ships are permitted to call on Glacier Bay during each summer cruise season through September 30, 2019.
We entered into an agreement with the British Virgin Islands Port Authority granting priority berthing rights for a 15-year term
with two options to extend the agreement for additional five year terms. In Seattle we have concluded a lease agreement with the
port and have committed to a capital investment of approximately $15 million. 

   

 Segment Reporting  

   

 We have concluded that our business has a single reportable segment.
Each brand, Oceania Cruises, Regent and Norwegian constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available
and management regularly reviews the operating results and, therefore, each brand is considered an operating segment. Our operating
segments have similar economic and qualitative characteristics, including similar margins and similar products and services;
therefore, we aggregate all of the operating segments into one reportable segment. 

   

 Although we sell cruises on an international basis, our passenger
ticket revenue is primarily attributed to U.S.-sourced guests who make reservations in the U.S. Revenue attributable to
U.S.-sourced guests was 75%, 73 % and 74% for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. No other individual
country’s revenues exceeded 10% in any of our last three years. Substantially all of our long–lived assets are
located outside of the U.S. and consist primarily of our ships. We have 16 ships with Bahamas registry with a carrying value of
$7.2 billion and $6.4 billion as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. We have five ships with Marshall Island
registry with a carrying value of $1.4 billion as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. We also have one ship with U.S. registry with
a carrying value of $0.3 billion as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and one ship with Bermuda registry with a carrying value of
$0.08 billion as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

   

 Available Information  

   

 We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any document we file with
the SEC at the SEC’s public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330
for further information on the public reference room. Our SEC filings are also available to the public at the SEC’s website
at http://www.sec.gov. 

   

 We also maintain an Internet site at http://www.nclhltdinvestor.com.
We will, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports if applicable, make available such
reports free of charge on our website.  Our website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not incorporated
into this annual report on Form 10-K.  

   

 Executive Officers 

   

 The following table sets forth certain information regarding NCLH’s
executive officers as of February 20, 2016. 

   

 
 
     Name  
       
     Age 
       
     Position 
 
     Frank J. Del Rio 
       
     61 
       
     Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
     Wendy A. Beck  
       
     51 
       
     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
     Andrew Stuart  
       
     52 
       
     President and Chief Operating Officer, Norwegian brand 
 
     Jason M. Montague 
       
     42 
       
     President and Chief Operating Officer, Regent and Oceania Cruises brands 
 
     T. Robin Lindsay  
       
     58 
       
     Executive Vice President, Vessel Operations 
 
     Harry Sommer 
       
     48 
       
     Executive Vice President, International Business Development 
 
     Faye L. Ashby 
       
     44 
       
     Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
     Daniel S. Farkas  
       
     47 
       
     Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary 
 
   

 All the executive officers listed above hold their offices at the
pleasure of our Board of Directors, subject to rights under any applicable employment agreements. There are no family relationships
between or among any directors and executive officers. 

   

 Frank J. Del Rio  has served as President and Chief Executive
Officer of NCLH since January 2015 and became a director of NCLH in August 2015. Mr. Del Rio founded Oceania Cruises in October
2002 and has served as Chief Executive Officer of Prestige or its predecessor since October 2002. Based in Miami, Florida, Mr.
Del Rio has been responsible for the financial and strategic development of Prestige. Between 2003 and 2007, Mr. Del Rio was instrumental
in the development and growth of Oceania Cruises. Prior to founding Oceania Cruises, Mr. Del Rio played a vital role in the development
of Renaissance Cruises, serving as Co-Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1993 to
April 2001. Mr. Del Rio holds a B.S. in Accounting from the University of Florida and is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive
license). 

   


 
       18   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Wendy A. Beck  has served as the Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of the Company since September 2010. Prior to joining us, Ms. Beck served as Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. from May 2008 to August 2010. Prior to that she served as Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Whataburger Restaurants, LP from May 2004 through April 2008 and served as
their Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer from August 2001 through April 2004. Ms. Beck was also employed at Checkers Drive-In
Restaurants, Inc. from 1993 through July 2001, serving as their Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer from 2000
through July 2001. Ms. Beck currently sits on the board of directors and chairs the audit committee for At Home Corporation. Ms.
Beck holds a B.S. in Accounting from the University of South Florida and is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive license). 

   

 Andrew Stuart  has served as the President and Chief Operating
Officer for the Norwegian brand since March 2015. He was previously our Executive Vice President, Global Sales and Passenger Services
from November 2008 until March 2015. From April 2008 through September 2008, he held the position of Executive Vice President and
Chief Product Officer. From September 2003 through March 2008, he served as Executive Vice President of Marketing, Sales and Passenger
Services. Prior to that, he was our Senior Vice President of Passenger Services as well as Vice President of Sales Planning. He
joined us in August 1988 in our London office holding various Sales and Marketing positions before relocating to our headquarters
in Miami. Mr. Stuart earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Catering Administration from Bournemouth University, United Kingdom. 

   

 Jason M. Montague  has served as President and Chief Operating
Officer for the Regent and Oceania Cruises brands since December 2014. Prior to NCLH’s Acquisition of Prestige, Mr. Montague
served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Prestige from September 2010 until NCLH’s Acquisition of
Prestige in November 2014. Mr. Montague worked on the integration of NCLH and Prestige as the Executive Vice President and Chief
Integration Officer of NCLH. He was instrumental in launching Oceania Cruises in 2002 and is widely regarded as one of its co-founders.
Mr. Montague served as Oceania Cruises’ Vice President and Treasurer from 2004 to 2007 and Senior Vice President of Finance
from 2008 to 2010. Mr. Montague has seen Oceania Cruises through the purchase of its initial R-class ships, the equity investment
by Apollo Global Management, LLC, the acquisition and integration of Regent Seven Seas Cruises, the financing and delivery of Oceania
Cruises’ Marina and Riviera newbuilds and the recent Acquisition of Prestige by NCLH. Prior to joining Oceania Cruises, Mr.
Montague operated a successful consulting practice focused on strategic planning and development of small to medium-sized companies.
Previously, he held the position of Vice President Finance for Alton Entertainment Corporation, a brand equity marketer who was
majority owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies. Mr. Montague holds a BBA in Accounting from the University of Miami. 

   

 T. Robin Lindsay  has served as Executive Vice President,
Vessel Operations for NCLH since January 2015. From November 2014 until January 2015, Mr. Lindsay served as Executive Vice President,
Newbuild for Prestige. Prior to the Acquisition of Prestige, he served as the Executive Vice President of Vessel Operations for
Prestige from April 2009 until November 2014 and oversaw all marine, technical and hotel operations. Mr. Lindsay was instrumental
in the extensive refurbishment and launch of Oceania Cruises’ Regatta, Insignia and Nautica and the development of the Marina
and Riviera. Mr. Lindsay possesses a substantial amount of experience in the cruise industry and has overseen the design and construction
of many of the industry’s most acclaimed cruise ships. Prior to joining Oceania Cruises in 2003, Mr. Lindsay was the Senior
Vice President of Vessel Operations at Silversea Cruises and, prior to that, Vice President of Operations at Radisson Seven Seas
Cruises. Mr. Lindsay earned his B.S. degree from Louisiana Tech University. 

   

 Harry Sommer  has served as Executive Vice President, International
Business Development for NCLH since May 2015. From February 2015 until May 2015, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief
Integration Officer for NCLH. Mr. Sommer previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Prestige from
October 2013 until February 2015, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Information Officer of Prestige from September 2011
until October 2013 and Senior Vice President, Accounting, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller of Prestige from August 2009
until August 2011. Prior to joining Prestige, Mr. Sommer was the co-founder and President of Luxury Cruise Center, a high-end travel
agency and prior to that held various marketing and finance roles at Renaissance Cruises. Mr. Sommer holds an MBA from Pace University
and a BBA from Baruch College. 

   

 Faye L. Ashby  has served as Senior Vice President and Chief
Accounting Officer of NCLH since February 2016. She joined NCLH as Controller in November 2014 after the Acquisition of Prestige.
From January 2012 to November 2014, Ms. Ashby served as Controller for Prestige, where she managed and developed the Accounting
and External Financial Reporting teams. From March 2010 to December 2011, Ms. Ashby held the position of Senior Director of Financial
Reporting with Prestige, where she started the Financial Reporting Department and was responsible for the preparation of annual
financial statements, coordination of external audits and researching technical accounting issues. Before joining Prestige, Ms.
Ashby was a Senior Manager at the international public accounting firm of Deloitte. She has a MBA and BBA with concentrations in
accounting from the University of Miami and is a Certified Public Accountant in Florida and New York. 

   

 Daniel S. Farkas  has served as Senior Vice President and
General Counsel of the Company since February 2008 and as Assistant Secretary of the Company since 2013. Since Mr. Farkas joined
us in January 2004, he has held the positions of Secretary from 2010 to 2013, Vice President and Assistant General Counsel from
2005 to 2008, and Assistant General Counsel from 2004 to 2005. Mr. Farkas was formerly a partner in the Miami offices of the law
firm Mase and Gassenheimer specializing in maritime litigation. Before that he was an Assistant State Attorney for the Eleventh
Judicial Circuit in and for Miami-Dade County, Florida. Mr. Farkas currently serves on the board of directors of Camillus House,
the Cruise Industry Charitable Foundation and the Steamship Mutual 

   


 
       19   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Underwriting Association Limited. Mr. Farkas earned a Bachelor of
Arts degree Cum Laude with honors in English and American Literature from Brandeis University and a Juris Doctorate degree from
the University of Miami. 

   

 Item 1A. Risk Factors  

   

 In addition to the other information contained in this annual
report, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating us and our business. If any of the risks discussed
in this annual report actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected. In connection with the forward-looking statements that appear in this annual report, you should also carefully review
the cautionary statement referred to under “Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward Looking Statements.”  

   

 Risks Related to the Company 

   

 The adverse impact of general economic and related factors,
such as fluctuating or increasing levels of unemployment, underemployment and the volatility of fuel prices, declines in the securities
and real estate markets and perceptions of these conditions can decrease the level of disposable income of consumers or consumer
confidence. The demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic conditions.  

   

 The demand for cruises is affected by international, national and
local economic conditions. Adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate in North America or globally, such as the
volatility of fuel prices, higher interest rates, stock and real estate market declines and/or volatility, more restrictive credit
markets, higher unemployment or underemployment rates, higher taxes and changes in governmental policies could reduce the level
of discretionary income or consumer confidence in the countries from which we source our guests. Consequently, this may negatively
affect demand for cruise vacations in these countries, which are a discretionary purchase. Decreases in demand for cruise vacations
could result in price discounting, which, in turn, could reduce the profitability of our business. In addition, these conditions
could also impact our suppliers, which could result in disruptions in our suppliers’ services and financial losses for us. 

   

 Conducting business internationally may result in increased
costs and risks.  

   

 We operate our business internationally and plan to continue to
develop our international presence. Operating internationally exposes us to a number of risks, including political risks, risks
of increases in duties and taxes, risks relating to anti-bribery laws, as well as risks that laws and policies affecting cruising,
vacation or maritime businesses, or governing the operations of foreign-based companies may change. Additional risks include imposition
of trade barriers, restrictions on repatriation of earnings, withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries
and changes in and application of foreign taxation structures, including value added taxes. If we are unable to address these risks
adequately, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

   

 Operating internationally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes
conflicting legal and regulatory requirements. In many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in
the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. We have implemented safeguards and policies
to prevent violations of various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments
and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business by our employees and agents. However, our existing safeguards
and policies and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective and our employees or agents may engage in conduct
prohibited by our policies, but for which we nevertheless may be held responsible. If our employees or agents violate our policies,
if we fail to maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately record our transactions or if we
fail to implement or maintain other adequate safeguards, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions or severe criminal or civil
sanctions and penalties. 

   

 Our efforts to expand our business into new markets may not
be successful.  

   

 We believe there remains significant opportunity to expand our passenger
sourcing into major markets, such as Europe and Australia, as well as into emerging markets in the Asia Pacific region and we are
in the process of such expansion efforts. Expansion into new markets requires significant levels of investment. There can be no
assurance that these markets will develop as anticipated or that we will have success in these markets, and if we do not, we may
be unable to recover our investment spent to expand our business into these markets, which could adversely impact our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Terrorist acts, acts of piracy, armed conflict and threats
thereof and other international events impacting the security of travel could adversely affect the demand for cruises.  

   

 The threat or possibility of future terrorist acts, an outbreak
of hostilities or armed conflict abroad or the possibility thereof, an increase in the activity of pirates operating off the western
coast of Africa or elsewhere, political unrest and instability, the issuance of travel advisories by national governments, and
other geo-political uncertainties have had in the past and may again in the future have an adverse impact on the demand for cruises,
and consequently, the pricing for cruises. Decreases in demand and reduced pricing in response to such decreased demand would adversely
affect our business by reducing our profitability. 

   


 
       20   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 Breaches in data security or other disturbances to our information
technology and other networks could impair our operations and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition
and results of operations.  

   

 The integrity and reliability of our information technology systems
and other networks are crucial to our business operations. Disruptions to these networks could impair our operations and have an
adverse impact on our financial results and negatively affect our reputation and customer demand. In addition, certain networks
are dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability.
Among other things, actual or threatened natural disasters (e.g., hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, fires, floods) or similar
events, information systems failures, computer viruses, denial of service attacks and other cyber-attacks may cause disruptions
to our information technology, telecommunications and other networks. While we have and continue to invest in business continuity,
disaster recovery and data restoration plans, we cannot completely insulate ourselves from disruptions that could result in adverse
effects on our operations and financial results. We carry limited business interruption insurance for certain shoreside operations,
subject to limitations, exclusions and deductibles. 

   

 We have also made significant investments in our information technology
systems to optimize booking procedures, enhance the marketing power of our websites and control costs. Any unauthorized use of
our information systems to gain access to sensitive information, corrupt data or create general disturbances in our operations
systems could impair our ability to conduct business and damage our reputation. If our security systems were breached, we could
be exposed to cyber-related risks and malware, and credit card and other sensitive data could be at risk. 

   

 In the event of a data security breach of our systems and/or third-party
systems, we may incur costs associated with the following: breach response, notification, forensics, regulatory investigations,
public relations, consultants, credit identity monitoring, credit freezes, fraud alert, credit identity restoration, credit card
cancellation, credit card reissuance or replacement, regulatory fines and penalties, vendor fines and penalties, legal fees and
damages. Denial of service attacks may result in costs associated with, among other things, the following: response, forensics,
public relations, consultants, data restoration, legal fees and settlement. In addition, data security breaches or denial of service
attacks may cause business interruption, information technology disruption, disruptions as a result of regulatory investigation,
digital asset loss related to corrupted or destroyed data, damage to our reputation, damages to intangible property and other intangible
damages, such as loss of consumer confidence, all of which could impair our operations and have an adverse impact on our financial
results. While we have and continue to invest in data and information technology security initiatives, we cannot completely insulate
ourselves from the risks of data security breaches and denial of service attacks that could result in adverse effects on our operations
and financial results. 

   

 Epidemics and viral outbreaks could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

   

 Public perception about the safety of travel and adverse publicity
related to passenger or crew illness, such as incidents of viral illnesses, stomach flu or other contagious diseases, may impact
demand for cruises and result in cruise cancellations and employee absenteeism. If any wide-ranging health scare should occur,
our business, financial condition and results of operations would likely be adversely affected. 

   

 Adverse incidents involving cruise ships may adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

   

 The operation of cruise ships carries an inherent risk of loss caused
by adverse weather conditions and maritime disasters, including, but not limited to, oil spills and other environmental mishaps,
fire, mechanical failure, collisions, human error, war, terrorism, piracy, political action, civil unrest and insurrection in various
countries and other circumstances or events. Any such event may result in loss of life or property, loss of revenue or increased
costs. The operation of cruise ships also involves the risk of other incidents at sea or while in port, including missing guests,
inappropriate crew or passenger behavior and onboard crimes, which may bring into question passenger safety, may adversely affect
future industry performance and may lead to litigation against us. Although we place passenger safety as the highest priority in
the design and operation of our fleet, we have experienced accidents and other incidents involving our cruise ships and there can
be no assurance that similar events will not occur in the future. It is possible that we could be forced to cancel a cruise or
a series of cruises due to these factors or incur increased port-related and other costs resulting from such adverse events. Any
such event involving our cruise ships or other passenger cruise ships may adversely affect guests’ perceptions of safety
or result in increased governmental or other regulatory oversight. An adverse judgment or settlement in respect of any of the ongoing
claims against us may also lead to negative publicity about us. Anything that damages our reputation (whether or not justified),
including adverse publicity about passenger safety, could have an adverse impact on demand, which could lead to price discounting
and a reduction in our sales and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If there is
a significant accident, mechanical failure or similar problem involving a ship, we may have to place a ship in an extended Dry-dock
period for repairs. This could result in material lost revenue and/or expenditures. 

   

 Changes in fuel prices and/or other cruise operating costs
would impact the cost of our cruise ship operations.  

   

 Fuel expense accounted for 13.5% of our total cruise operating expense
for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to 16.8% and 18.3% for the same periods in 2014 and 2013, respectively. Future increases
in the cost of fuel globally would increase the cost of our cruise ship operations. In addition, we could experience increases
in other cruise operating costs due to market forces and economic or political instability beyond our control. Despite any fuel
hedges we are currently a party to, or may enter into in the future, increases in fuel prices or other cruise operating costs could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations if we are unable to recover these
increased costs through price increases charged to our guests. 

   


 
       21   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Our hedging strategies may not be cost-effective or adequately
protect us from increased costs related to changes in fuel prices. 

   

 In order to manage risks associated with the variable market prices
of fuel, we routinely hedge a portion of our future fuel requirements. However, our hedging program may not be successful in mitigating
higher fuel costs, and any price protection provided may be limited due to market conditions, including choice of hedging instruments,
breakdown of correlation between hedging instrument and market price of fuel and failure of hedge counterparties. To the extent
that we use hedge contracts that have the potential to create an obligation to pay upon settlement if fuel prices decline significantly,
such hedge contracts may limit our ability to benefit fully from lower fuel costs in the future. There can be no assurance that
our hedging arrangements will be cost-effective, will provide any particular level of protection against rises in fuel prices or
that our counterparties will be able to perform under our hedging arrangements. Additionally, deterioration in our financial condition
could negatively affect our ability to enter into new hedge contracts in the future. 

   

 Our inability to obtain adequate insurance coverage may adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 There can be no assurance that all of our risks are fully insured
against or that any particular claim will be fully paid by our insurance. Such losses, to the extent they are not adequately covered
by contractual remedies or insurance, could affect our financial results. In addition, we have been and continue to be subject
to calls, or premiums, in amounts based not only on our own claim records, but also the claim records of all other members of the
protection and indemnity associations through which we receive indemnity coverage for tort liability. Our payment of these calls
and increased premiums could result in significant expenses to us. If we were to sustain significant losses in the future, our
ability to obtain insurance coverage at all or at commercially reasonable rates could be materially adversely affected. Moreover,
irrespective of the occurrence of such events, there can still be no assurance that we will be able to obtain adequate insurance
coverage at commercially reasonable rates or at all. 

   

 Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our ability
to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and prevent
us from making debt service payments.  

   

 Our level of indebtedness could limit cash flow available for our
operations and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, prospects and flexibility. Our substantial
indebtedness could: 

   

 
 • limit our ability to borrow money for our working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, debt service requirements,
strategic initiatives or other purposes; 

   

 
 • make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, and any failure to comply with the
obligations of any of our debt instruments, including restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions, could result in an event
of default under the agreements governing our indebtedness; 

   

 
 • require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the repayment of our indebtedness, thereby
reducing funds available to us for other purposes; 

   

 
 • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our operations or business; 

   

 
 • make us more highly leveraged than some of our competitors, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage; 

   

 
 • make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, the economy or the industry in which we operate; 

   

 
 • restrict us from making strategic acquisitions, introducing new technologies or exploiting business opportunities; 

   

 
 • restrict us from taking certain actions by means of restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness; 

   

 
 • make our credit card processors seek more restrictive terms in respect of our credit card arrangements; and 

   

 
 • expose us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain borrowings are (and may be in the future) at a variable rate of
interest. 

   

 The agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions
that limit our flexibility in operating our business.  

   

 The agreements governing our indebtedness contain, and any instruments
governing future indebtedness of ours may contain, covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us,
including restrictions or prohibitions on our ability to, among other things: 

   

 
 • incur or guarantee additional debt or issue certain preference shares; 

   

 
 • pay dividends on or make distributions in respect of our share capital or make other restricted payments, including the ability
of NCLH’s subsidiaries, including NCLC, to pay dividends or make distributions to NCLH; 

   

 
 • repurchase or redeem capital stock or subordinated indebtedness; 

   

 
 • make certain investments or acquisitions; 

   

 
 • transfer or sell certain assets; 

   


 
       22   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 • create liens on certain assets; 

   

 
 • consolidate or merge with, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets to, other companies; 

   

 
 • enter into certain transactions with our affiliates; 

   

 
 • pledge the capital stock of any guarantors of our indebtedness; and 

   

 
 • designate our subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. 

   

 As a result of these covenants, we are limited in the manner in
which we conduct our business, and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or
capital needs. 

   

 We have pledged a significant portion of our assets as collateral
under our existing debt agreements. If any of the holders of our indebtedness accelerate the repayment of such indebtedness, there
can be no assurance that we will have sufficient assets to repay our indebtedness.  

   

 Under our existing debt agreements, we are required to satisfy and
maintain specified financial ratios. Our ability to meet those financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and
there can be no assurance that we will meet those ratios. A failure to comply with the covenants contained in our existing debt
agreements could result in an event of default under such agreements, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the event of any default under our existing debt agreements,
the holders of our indebtedness thereunder: 

   

 
 • will not be required to lend any additional amounts to us, if applicable; 

   

 
 • could elect to declare all indebtedness outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be due and payable
and terminate all commitments to extend further credit, if applicable; and/or 

   

 
 • could require us to apply all of our available cash to repay such indebtedness. 

   

 Such actions by the holders of our indebtedness could cause cross
defaults under our other indebtedness. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the holders of our secured indebtedness could
proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. 

   

 If the indebtedness under our existing debt agreements were to be
accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay such indebtedness in full. 

   

 Despite our substantial indebtedness, we may still be able
to incur significantly more debt. This could intensify certain of the risks described above.  

   

 We may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness at any
time in the future. Although the terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions on our ability to incur
additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of important qualifications and exceptions, and the indebtedness
incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service
all of our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness that may not
be successful. Our ability to satisfy our debt obligations will depend upon, among other things: 

   

 
 • our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business,
regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control; and 

   

 
 • our future ability to borrow under certain agreements governing our indebtedness, the availability of which depends on, among
other things, our complying with the covenants in such agreements. 

   

 There can be no assurance that our business will generate sufficient
cash flows from operations, or that we will be able to borrow additional amounts under our existing debt agreements or otherwise,
in an amount sufficient to fund our liquidity needs. 

   

 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to service
our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure
or refinance our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt
service obligations. Our ability to restructure or refinance our indebtedness will depend on numerous factors, including but not
limited to the condition of the capital markets, our financial condition at such time, credit ratings and the performance of our
industry in general. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous
covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. In addition, the terms of existing or future debt agreements may
restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In the absence of such operating results and resources sufficient to service
our debt, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet
our debt service and other obligations. Some or all of our assets may be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market
value, however, and we may not be able to consummate such dispositions for fair market value or at all. Furthermore, any proceeds
that we could realize from any such dispositions may not be adequate to meet our debt service obligations then due. 

   


 
       23   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Additionally, the agreements governing our indebtedness include,
and any instruments governing future indebtedness of ours may include, exceptions to certain covenants that permit us to incur
additional indebtedness, make restricted payments and take other actions. 

   

 The impact of volatility and disruptions in the global credit
and financial markets may adversely affect our ability to borrow and could increase our counterparty credit risks, including those
under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees.
 

   

 There can be no assurance that we will be able to borrow additional
money on terms as favorable as our current debt, on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Economic downturns, including failures
of financial institutions and any related liquidity crisis, can disrupt the capital and credit markets. Such disruptions could
cause counterparties under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress
payment guarantees to be unable to perform their obligations or to breach their obligations to us under our contracts with them,
which could include failures of financial institutions to fund required borrowings under our loan agreements and to pay us amounts
that may become due under our derivative contracts and other agreements. Also, we may be limited in obtaining funds to pay amounts
due to our counterparties under our derivative contracts and to pay amounts that may become due under other agreements. If we were
to elect to replace any counterparty for their failure to perform their obligations under such instruments, we would likely incur
significant costs to replace the counterparty. Any failure to replace any counterparties under these circumstances may result in
additional costs to us or an ineffective instrument. 

   

 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely
affect our financial results. 

   

 We earn revenues, pay expenses, purchase and own assets and incur
liabilities in currencies other than the U.S. dollar; most significantly a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated
in foreign currencies, particularly British pound, Canadian dollar, euro and Australian dollar. Because our consolidated financial
statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenues and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S.
dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar against
our other major currencies may adversely affect our U.S. dollar financial results and will reduce the U.S. dollar amount received
upon conversion of these currencies into U.S. dollars. 

   

 We have historically and may in the future enter into ship construction
contracts denominated in euros or other foreign currencies. While we have entered into foreign currency derivatives to manage a
portion of the currency risk associated with such contracts, we are exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate for the portions
of the ship construction contracts that have not been hedged. Additionally, if the shipyard is unable to perform under the related
ship construction contract, any foreign currency hedges that were entered into to manage the currency risk would need to be terminated. 

   

 Our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or
the loss of key personnel may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

   

 Our success is dependent upon our personnel and our ability to recruit
and retain high quality employees. We must continue to recruit, retain and motivate management and other employees in order to
maintain our current business and support our projected growth.  We need to hire and train a considerable number of qualified
crew members to staff the ships that will be joining our fleet in the coming years. This may require significant efforts on the
part of our management team, and our inability to hire a sufficient number of qualified crew members would adversely affect our
business. 

   

 Our executive officers and other members of senior management have
substantial experience and expertise in our business and have made significant contributions to our growth and success. The unexpected
loss of services of one or more of these individuals could materially adversely affect us. 

   

 We rely on external distribution channels for passenger bookings,
and major changes in the availability of external distribution channels could undermine our customer base.  

   

 The majority of our guests book their cruises through independent
travel agents, wholesalers and tour operators. In the event that these distribution channels are adversely impacted by an economic
downturn, or by other factors, this could reduce the distribution channels available for us to market and sell our cruises and
we could be forced to increase the use of alternative distribution channels we are not accustomed to. If this were to occur, it
could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Additionally, independent travel agents, wholesalers and tour operators
generally sell and market our cruises on a non-exclusive basis. Although we offer commissions and other incentives to them for
booking our cruises, there can be no guarantee that our competitors will not offer higher commissions and incentives in the future.
Travel agents may face increasing pressure from our competitors, particularly in the North American market, to sell and market
our competitors’ cruises exclusively. If such exclusive arrangements were introduced, there can be no assurances that we
will be able to find alternative distribution channels to ensure that our customer base would not be affected. 

   

 We rely on third parties to provide hotel management services
for certain ships and certain other services, and we are exposed to risks facing such providers. In certain circumstances, we may
not be able to replace such third parties or we may be forced to replace them at an increased cost to us.  

   


 
       24   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 We rely on external third parties to provide hotel management services
for certain ships and certain other services that are vital to our business. If these service providers suffer financial hardship
or are otherwise unable to continue providing such services, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to replace such service providers
in a timely manner, which may cause an interruption in our operations. To the extent that we are able to replace such service providers,
we may be forced to pay an increased cost for equivalent services. Both the interruption of operations and the replacement of the
third-party service providers at an increased cost could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Delays in our shipbuilding program and ship repairs, maintenance
and refurbishments could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.  

   

 The new construction, refurbishment, repair and maintenance of our
cruise ships are complex processes and involve risks similar to those encountered in other large and sophisticated equipment construction,
refurbishment and repair projects. Our ships are subject to the risk of mechanical failure or accident, which we have occasionally
experienced and have had to repair. If there is a mechanical failure or accident in the future, we may be unable to procure spare
parts when needed or make repairs without incurring material expense or suspension of service, especially if a problem affects
certain specialized maritime equipment, such as the radar, a pod propulsion unit, the electrical/power management system, the steering
gear or the gyro system. 

   

 In addition, availability, work stoppages, insolvency or financial
problems in the shipyards’ construction, refurbishment or repair of our ships, or other “force majeure” events
that are beyond our control and the control of shipyards or subcontractors, could also delay or prevent the newbuild delivery,
refurbishment and repair and maintenance of our ships. Any termination or breach of contract following such an event may result
in, among other things, the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us, potential claims and impairment of losses. A significant
delay in the delivery of a new ship, or a significant performance deficiency or mechanical failure of a new ship could also have
an adverse effect on our business. The consolidation of the control of certain European cruise shipyards could result in higher
prices for refurbishment and repairs due to reduced competition. Also, the lack of qualified shipyard repair facilities could result
in the inability to repair and maintain our ships on a timely basis. These potential events and the associated losses, to the extent
that they are not adequately covered by contractual remedies or insurance, could adversely affect our results of operations and
financial condition. 

   

 We rely on scheduled commercial airline services for passenger
and crew connections. Increases in the price of, or major changes or reduction in, commercial airline services could undermine
our customer base or disrupt our operations.  

   

 A number of our passengers and crew depend on scheduled commercial
airline services to transport them to ports of embarkation for our cruises. Increases in the price of airfare due to increases
in fuel prices, fuel surcharges, changes in commercial airline services as a result of strikes, weather or other events, or the
lack of availability due to schedule changes or a high level of airline bookings could adversely affect our ability to deliver
guests and crew to or from our cruise ships and thereby increase our cruise operating expenses which would, in turn, have an adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Our revenue is seasonal, owing to variations in passenger
fare rates and occupancy levels at different times of the year. We may not be able to generate revenue that is sufficient to cover
our expenses during certain periods of the year.  

   

 The demand for our cruises is seasonal, with the greatest demand
for cruises generally occurring during the Northern Hemisphere’s summer months. This seasonality in demand has resulted in
fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations. The seasonality of our results is increased due to ships being taken out
of service for Dry-docks, which we typically schedule during off-peak demand periods for such ships. Accordingly, seasonality in
demand and Dry-dock periods could adversely affect our ability to generate sufficient revenue to cover the expenses we incur during
certain periods of the year. 

   

 A failure to keep pace with developments in technology could
impair our operations or competitive position.  

   

 Our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated systems
and technology. These systems and technologies must be refined, updated and replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis
in order for us to meet our customers’ demands and expectations. If we are unable to do so on a timely basis or within reasonable
cost parameters, or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any of these new systems, our business
could suffer. We also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new system or technology, such as fuel abatement
technologies, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could impair our operating results. 

   

 Amendments to the collective bargaining agreements for crew
members of our fleet and other employee relation issues may materially adversely affect our financial results. 

   

 Currently, we are a party to eight collective bargaining agreements.
Two of these agreements are in effect through 2016 and three through 2017. The remaining three are set to expire in March and June
of 2018. Any future amendments to such collective bargaining agreements or inability to satisfactorily renegotiate such agreements
may increase our labor costs and have a negative impact on our financial condition. In addition, although our collective bargaining
agreements have a no-strike provision, they may not prevent a disruption in work on our ships in the future. Any such disruptions
in work could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

   


 
       25   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 Unavailability of ports of call may materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

   

 We believe that attractive port destinations are a major reason
why guests choose to go on a particular cruise or on a cruise vacation. The availability of ports, including the specific port
facility at which our guests will embark and disembark, is affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, existing
capacity constraints, security, safety and environmental concerns, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, financial
limitations on port development, political instability, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, local
governmental regulations and fees, local community concerns about port development and other adverse impacts on their communities
from additional tourists and sanctions programs implemented by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Treasury
Department or other regulatory bodies. Any limitations on the availability of ports of call or on the availability of shore excursions
and other service providers at such ports could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Litigation, enforcement actions, fines or penalties could
adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations and damage our reputation.  

   

 Our business is subject to various U.S. and international laws and
regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and
damages. In addition, improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal
proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. In certain circumstances, it
may not be economical to defend against such matters, and a legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter.
Such events could lead to an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 

   

 As a result of any ship-related or other incidents, litigation claims,
enforcement actions and regulatory actions and investigations, including, but not limited to, those arising from personal injury,
loss of life, loss of or damage to personal property, business interruption losses or environmental damage to any affected coastal
waters and the surrounding area, may be asserted or brought against various parties, including us and/or our cruise brands. The
time and attention of our management may also be diverted in defending such claims, actions and investigations. Subject to applicable
insurance coverage, we may also incur costs both in defending against any claims, actions and investigations and for any judgments,
fines, civil or criminal penalties if such claims, actions or investigations are adversely determined. 

   

 Risks Related to the Regulatory Environment in Which We Operate 

   

 Future changes in applicable tax laws, or our inability to
take advantage of favorable tax regimes, could increase the amount of taxes we must pay.  

   

 We believe and have taken the position that our income that is considered
to be derived from the international operation of ships as well as certain income that is considered to be incidental to such income
(“shipping income”), is exempt from U.S. federal income taxes under Section 883, based upon certain assumptions as
to shareholdings and other information as more fully described in “Item 1—Business—Taxation.” The provisions
of Section 883 are subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. 

   

 We believe and have taken the position that substantially all of
our income derived from the international operation of ships is properly categorized as shipping income and that we do not have
a material amount of non-qualifying income. It is possible, however, that a much larger percentage of our income does not qualify
(or will not qualify) as shipping income. Moreover, the exemption for shipping income is only available for years in which NCLH
will satisfy complex stock ownership tests or the publicly traded test under Section 883 as described in “Item 1—Business—
Taxation—Exemption of International Shipping Income under Section 883 of the Code.” There are factual circumstances
beyond our control, including changes in the direct and indirect owners of NCLH’s ordinary shares, which could cause us or
our subsidiaries to lose the benefit of this tax exemption. Finally, any changes in our operations could significantly increase
our exposure to either the Net Tax Regime or the 4% Regime (each as defined in “Item 1—Business—Taxation”),
and we can give no assurances on this matter. 

   

 If we or any of our subsidiaries were not to qualify for the exemption
under Section 883, our or such subsidiary’s U.S.-source income would be subject to either the Net Tax Regime or the 4% Regime
(each as defined in “Item 1— Business— Taxation). As of the date of this filing, we believe that NCLH and its
subsidiaries will satisfy the publicly traded test imposed under Section 883 and therefore believe that NCLH will qualify for the
exemption under Section 883. However, as discussed above, there are factual circumstances beyond our control that could cause NCLH
to not meet the stock ownership or publicly traded tests. Therefore, we can give no assurances on this matter. We refer you to
“Item 1—Business—Taxation.” 

   

 We may be subject to state, local and non-U.S. income or non-income
taxes in various jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business, own property or reside. We may be required to file
tax returns in some or all of those jurisdictions. Our state, local or non-U.S. tax treatment may not conform to the U.S. federal
income tax treatment discussed above. We may be required to pay non-U.S. taxes on dispositions of foreign property or operations
involving foreign property that may give rise to non-U.S. income or other tax liabilities in amounts that could be substantial. 

   

 The various tax regimes to which we are currently subject result
in a relatively low effective tax rate on our worldwide income. These tax regimes, however, are subject to change, possibly with
retroactive effect. For example, legislation has been proposed in the past that would eliminate the benefits of the exemption from
U.S. federal income tax under Section 883 and subject all or a portion of our 

   


 
       26   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 shipping income to taxation in the U.S. Moreover, we may become
subject to new tax regimes and may be unable to take advantage of favorable tax provisions afforded by current or future law including
exemption of branch profits and dividend withholding taxes under the U.S. – U.K. Income Tax Treaty on income derived in respect
of our U.S.–flagged operation. 

   

 We are subject to complex laws and regulations, including
environmental laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our operations and any changes in the current laws and regulations
could lead to increased costs or decreased revenue.  

   

 Some environmental groups have lobbied for more extensive oversight
of cruise ships and have generated negative publicity about the cruise industry and its environmental impact. Increasingly stringent
federal, state, local and international laws and regulations on environmental protection and health and safety of workers could
affect our operations. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the IMO (a United Nations agency with responsibility for the safety
and security of shipping and the prevention of marine pollution by ships), the Council of the European Union and individual countries
and U.S. states are considering, as well as implementing, new laws and rules to manage cruise ship operations and waste. In addition,
many aspects of the cruise industry are subject to governmental regulation by the U.S. Coast Guard as well as international treaties
such as SOLAS, an international safety regulation, MARPOL, an international environmental regulation, and STCW and its conventions
in ship manning. International regulations regarding ballast water and security levels are currently pending. 

   

 Additionally, the U.S. and various state and foreign government
and regulatory agencies have enacted or are considering new environmental regulations and policies, such as requiring the use of
low-sulfur fuels, increasing fuel efficiency requirements and further restricting emissions, including those of green-house gases.
Compliance with such laws and regulations may entail significant expenses for ship modification and changes in operating procedures
which could adversely impact our operations as well as our competitors’ operations. In 2006, Alaskan voters approved a ballot
measure requiring that cruise ships meet Alaska Water Quality Standards (“WQS”). Pursuant to the ballot measure, Alaska
approved stringent regulations and required a waste water discharge permit for cruise ships beginning in 2008. Legislation approved
in 2009 allowed the state to issue general permits that contain effluent limits or standards that are less stringent than the WQS
where the ship is using economically feasible methods of pollution prevention. In 2013, the state extended the permit program,
and allowed ship operators to apply for mixing zones in upcoming permits, an option that may ease compliance with certain WQS.
The International Labor Organization’s Maritime Labor Convention, 2006 went into force on August 20, 2013. The Convention
regulates many aspects of maritime crew labor and impacts the worldwide sourcing of new crew members. MARPOL regulations have established
special ECAs with stringent limitations on sulfur and nitrogen oxide emissions. Ships operating in designated ECAs (which include
the Baltic Sea, the North Sea/English Channel, and many of the waters within 200 nautical miles of the U.S. and Canadian coasts
including the Hawaiian Islands; waters surrounding Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands have been included as of January 2014)
are generally expected to meet the new sulfur oxide emissions limits through the use of low-sulfur fuels. 

   

 These issues are, and we believe will continue to be, an area of
focus by the relevant authorities throughout the world. This could result in the enactment of more stringent regulation of cruise
ships that would subject us to increasing compliance costs in the future. 

   

 By virtue of our operations in the U.S., the FMC requires us to
maintain a third-party performance guarantee on our behalf in respect of liabilities for non-performance of transportation and
other obligations to guests. The FMC has proposed rules that would significantly increase the amount of our required guarantees
and accordingly our cost of compliance. There can be no assurance that such an increase in the amount of our guarantees, if required,
would be available to us. For additional discussion of the FMC’s proposed requirements, we refer you to “Item 1—Business—Regulatory
Issues.” 

   

 In 2007, the state of Alaska implemented taxes, some of which were
rolled back in 2010, which have impacted the cruise industry operating in Alaska. It is possible that other states, countries or
ports of call that our ships regularly visit may also decide to assess new taxes or fees or change existing taxes or fees specifically
applicable to the cruise industry and its employees and/or guests, which could increase our operating costs and/or could decrease
the demand for cruises. 

   

 Risks Related to NCLH’s Ordinary Shares 

   

 Although NCLH is no longer a “controlled company”
within the meaning of the rules of Nasdaq since the completion of the Secondary Equity Offering in May 2015, during a one-year
transition period, NCLH may continue to rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that provide protection
to shareholders of companies that are subject to those corporate governance requirements. 

   

 Prior to the Secondary Equity Offering in May 2015, the Sponsors
controlled a majority of NCLH’s voting ordinary shares and, as a result, NCLH was a “controlled company” under
Nasdaq rules and elected not to comply with certain Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Following the Secondary Equity Offering
in May 2015, the Sponsors no longer control more than 50% of NCLH’s voting ordinary shares and, consequently, NCLH is no
longer considered a “controlled company.” As a result, NCLH is subject to additional governance requirements under
Nasdaq rules, including the requirements to have: 

   

 
 • a majority of independent directors on NCLH’s Board of Directors; 

 
 • a nominating and governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing
the committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and 

   


 
       27   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 • a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s
purpose and responsibilities. 

   

 The Nasdaq rules provide for phase-in periods for these requirements,
but we must be fully compliant with the requirements within one year of the date on which we ceased to be a “controlled company.”
Currently, NCLH does not have a majority of independent directors on its Board of Directors and only two of the three members of
its nominating and governance committee and its compensation committee are independent. During this transition period, NCLH’s
shareholders may not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements. In addition, NCLH may not be able to attract and retain the number of independent directors needed to
comply with Nasdaq rules during the transition period. 

   

 Shareholders of NCLH may have greater difficulties in protecting
their interests than as shareholders of a U.S. corporation.  

   

 We are a Bermuda exempted company. The Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda
(the “Companies Act”), which applies to NCLH, differs in material respects from laws generally applicable to U.S. corporations
and their shareholders. Taken together with the provisions of NCLH’s bye-laws, some of these differences may result in you
having greater difficulties in protecting your interests as a shareholder of NCLH than you would have as a shareholder of a U.S.
corporation. This affects, among other things, the circumstances under which transactions involving an interested director are
voidable, whether an interested director can be held accountable for any benefit realized in a transaction with our Company, what
approvals are required for business combinations by our Company with a large shareholder or a wholly-owned subsidiary, what rights
you may have as a shareholder to enforce specified provisions of the Companies Act or NCLH’s bye-laws, and the circumstances
under which we may indemnify our directors and officers. 

   

 NCLH does not have current plans to pay dividends on its ordinary
shares.  

   

 NCLH does not currently intend to pay dividends to its shareholders
and NCLH’s Board of Directors may never declare a dividend. Our existing debt agreements restrict, and any of our future
debt arrangements may restrict, among other things, the ability of NCLH’s subsidiaries, including NCLC, to pay distributions
to NCLH and NCLH’s ability to pay cash dividends to its shareholders. In addition, any determination to pay dividends in
the future will be entirely at the discretion of NCLH’s Board of Directors and will depend upon our results of operations,
cash requirements, financial condition, business opportunities, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law
and other factors that NCLH’s Board of Directors deems relevant. We are not legally or contractually required to pay dividends.
In addition, NCLH is a holding company and would depend upon its subsidiaries for their ability to pay distributions to NCLH to
finance any dividend or pay any other obligations of NCLH. Investors seeking dividends should not purchase NCLH’s ordinary
shares. 

   

 Provisions in NCLH’s constitutional documents may prevent
or discourage takeovers and business combinations that NCLH’s shareholders might consider to be in their best interests.
 

   

 NCLH’s bye-laws contain provisions that may delay, defer,
prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that its shareholders consider to be in their best interests. As a result,
these provisions may prevent NCLH’s shareholders from receiving a premium to the market price of NCLH’s shares offered
by a bidder in a takeover context. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect
the prevailing market price of NCLH’s shares if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. These provisions
include (subject to the shareholders’ agreement): 

   

 
 • the ability of NCLH’s Board of Directors to designate one or more series of preference shares and issue preference shares
without shareholder approval; 

   

 
 • a classified board of directors; 

   

 
 • the sole power of a majority of NCLH’s Board of Directors to fix the number of directors; 

   

 
 • the power of NCLH’s Board of Directors to fill any vacancy on NCLH’s Board of Directors in most circumstances,
including when such vacancy occurs as a result of an increase in the number of directors or otherwise; and 

   

 
 • advance notice requirements for nominating directors or introducing other business to be conducted at shareholder meetings. 

   

 Additionally, NCLH’s bye-laws contain provisions that prevent
third parties, other than the Apollo Holders, the TPG Viking Funds and Genting HK, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more
than 4.9% of its outstanding shares without the consent of NCLH’s Board of Directors and provide for the lapse of rights,
and sale, of any shares acquired in excess of that limit. The effect of these provisions as well as the significant ownership of
ordinary shares by our Sponsors may preclude third parties from seeking to acquire a controlling interest in NCLH in transactions
that shareholders might consider to be in their best interests and may prevent them from receiving a premium above market price
for their shares. 

   

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  

   

 Not applicable. 

   


 
       28   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Item 2. Properties  

   

 Information about our cruise ships may be found under “Item
1. Business—Our Fleet” and “Item. 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources.” 

   

 NCLH’s principal executive offices are located in Miami, Florida
where we lease approximately 228,000 square feet of facilities. During 2015, we amended our lease to include approximately 99,000
square feet of additional space. We also have a lease of approximately 77,500 square feet for Prestige’s former executive
offices in Miami, Florida which we intend to sublease to a third party. We lease approximately (i) 24,300 square feet of office
space in Sunrise, Florida for sales; (ii) 25,600 square feet of office space in Honolulu, Hawaii for administrative purposes; (iii)
10,300 square feet of office space in Southampton, England for sales and marketing in the U.K. and Ireland; (iv) 11,000 square
feet of office space in Wiesbaden, Germany for sales and marketing in Europe; (v) 31,000 square feet of office space in Phoenix,
Arizona for a call center; (vi) 17,600 square feet in Omaha, Nebraska for a call center; and (vii) 46,000 square feet of warehouse
space in Tampa, Florida for entertainment theatrical production. 

   

 Additionally, we lease a number of international offices throughout
Europe, Asia, South America and Australia to administer our brand operations globally. Norwegian owns a private island in the Bahamas,
Great Stirrup Cay, which we utilize as a port-of-call on some of our itineraries. We purchased a future cruise destination in Belize
which will be introduced in 2016. 

   

 We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current needs,
and that we are capable of obtaining additional facilities as necessary. 

   

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings  

   

 In 2015, the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation issued
Notices of Violations to major cruise lines that operated in the state of Alaska, including NCLH, for alleged violations of the
Alaska Marine Vessel Visible Emission Standards that occurred over the last several years. We are cooperating with the Alaska Department
of Environmental Conservation and conducting our own internal investigation into these matters. However, we do not believe the
ultimate outcome will have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

   

 In the normal course of our business, various claims and lawsuits
have been filed or are pending against us. Most of these claims and lawsuits are covered by insurance and, accordingly, the maximum
amount of our liability is typically limited to our deductible amount. Nonetheless, the ultimate outcome of these claims and lawsuits
that are not covered by insurance cannot be determined at this time. We have evaluated our overall exposure with respect to all
of our threatened and pending litigation and, to the extent required, we have accrued amounts for all estimable probable losses
associated with our deemed exposure. We are currently unable to estimate any other potential contingent losses beyond those accrued,
as discovery is not complete nor is adequate information available to estimate such range of loss or potential recovery. We intend
to vigorously defend our legal position on all claims and, to the extent necessary, seek recovery. 

   

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

   

 None. 

   


 
       29   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 PART II  

   

 Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

   

 Market Information  

   

 NCLH’s ordinary shares are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select
Market under the symbol “NCLH.” The table below sets forth the high and low sales prices of our ordinary shares as
reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market for the two most recent years by quarter: 

   

 2015 

   

 
 
         
     High     
     Low   
 
     Fourth Quarter   
     $ 64.27     
     $ 53.46   
 
     Third Quarter   
       63.22     
       50.00   
 
     Second Quarter   
       57.55     
       48.03   
 
     First Quarter   
       55.35     
       42.55   
 

   

 2014 

   

 
 
         
     High     
     Low   
 
     Fourth Quarter   
     $ 48.16     
     $ 30.44   
 
     Third Quarter   
       38.05     
       31.38   
 
     Second Quarter   
       34.18     
       29.08   
 
     First Quarter   
       37.30     
       31.61   
 

   

 Holders  

   

 As of February 24, 2016 there were 302 record holders of
NCLH’s ordinary shares. Since certain of NCLH’s ordinary shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf
of shareholders, the foregoing number is not representative of the number of beneficial owners. 

   

 Dividends  

   

 We intend to retain all currently available funds and as much as
necessary of future earnings in order to fund the continued development and growth of our business. Our debt agreements also impose
restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay distributions to NCLH and NCLH’s ability to pay dividends to its shareholders.
Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our results
of operations, financial condition, restrictions imposed by applicable law and our financing agreements and other factors that
our Board of Directors deem relevant. 

   

 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 

   

 On April 29, 2014, NCLH’s Board of Directors authorized, and
NCLH announced, a three-year share repurchase program for up to $500.0 million. NCLH may make repurchases in the open market, in
privately negotiated transactions, or pursuant to accelerated share repurchase programs or structured share repurchase programs,
and any repurchases may be made pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans. 

   

 Share repurchase activity during the three months ended December
31, 2015 was as follows: 

   

 
 
     Period   
     Total
    Number  of Shares  Purchased as  Part of a  Publicly  Announced  Program (1)     
     Average 
    Price Paid  per Share     
     Approximate 
    Dollar Value of  Shares that 
May  Yet be  Purchased  Under the  Program  (in thousands)   
 
         
           
           
         
 
     October 1, 2015 - October 31, 2015   
       —     
     $ —     
     $ 413,335   
 
     November 1, 2015 - November 30, 2015   
       757,056     
     $ 56.70     
     $ 370,410   
 
     December 1, 2015 – December 31, 2015   
       991,458     
     $ 57.40     
     $ 313,504   
 
     Total for the three months ended December 31, 2015   
       1,748,514     
     $ 57.09     
     $ 313,504   
 

   

 
 (1) On December 17, 2015, we repurchased 348,553 ordinary shares under NCLH’s repurchase program as a part of a Secondary
Equity Offering by the Apollo Holders and Genting HK for approximately $20.0 million. 

   


 
       30   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 Stock Performance Graph  

   

 This performance graph shall not be deemed “soliciting
material” or to be “filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of NCLH under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act . 
 

   

 The following graph shows a comparison (from January 18, 2013,
the date our ordinary shares commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, through December 31, 2015) of the cumulative
total return for our ordinary shares, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Composite Stock Index and the Dow Jones United States
Travel and Leisure index. The Stock Performance Graph assumes for comparison that the value of our ordinary shares and of each
index was $100 prior to the commencement of trading on January 18, 2013. Past performance is not necessarily an indicator
of future results. The stock prices used were as of the close of business on the respective dates. 

   

 

   

 Item 6. Selected Financial Data  

   

 Prior to the year ended December 31, 2013, the financial statements
are those of NCLC and they should be read in conjunction with those financial statements and the related notes as well as with
“Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” We
have retrospectively applied the exchange of ordinary shares due to the Corporate Reorganization as the effect is substantially
the same as a stock split. The Corporate Reorganization is reflected in NCLH’s financial statements for the first time in
the quarter ended March 31, 2013. In addition, the prior comparative periods will be the activity of NCLC during such periods. 

   

 The financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31,
2014 include the financial results of Prestige commencing on November 19, 2014, the date the Acquisition of Prestige was consummated
(we refer you to the Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements Note—4 “The Acquisition of Prestige”). 

   

 
 
         
     As
    of or for the Year Ended December 31,   
 
     (in thousands, except share data,
    per  share data and operating data)   
     2015     
     2014     
     2013     
     2012     
     2011   
 
     Statement of operations data:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Total revenue   
     $ 4,345,048     
     $ 3,125,881     
     $ 2,570,294     
     $ 2,276,246     
     $ 2,219,324   
 
     Operating income   
     $ 702,486     
     $ 502,941     
     $ 395,887     
     $ 357,093     
     $ 316,112   
 
     Net income   
     $ 427,137     
     $ 342,601     
     $ 102,886     
     $ 168,556     
     $ 126,859   
 
     Net income attributable to non-controlling interest   
     $ —     
     $ 4,249     
     $ 1,172     
     $ —     
     $ —   
 
     Net income attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
     $ 427,137     
     $ 338,352     
     $ 101,714     
     $ 168,556     
     $ 126,859   
 
     EPS:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
     $ 1.89     
     $ 1.64     
     $ 0.50     
     $ 0.95     
     $ 0.71   
 
     Diluted   
     $ 1.86     
     $ 1.62     
     $ 0.49     
     $ 0.94     
     $ 0.71   
 
     Weighted-average shares outstanding:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
       226,591,437     
       206,524,968     
       202,993,839     
       178,232,850     
       177,869,461   
 
     Diluted   
       230,040,132     
       212,017,784     
       209,239,484     
       179,023,683     
       178,859,720   
 
     Balance sheet data:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Total assets   
     $ 12,264,757     
     $ 11,468,996     
     $ 6,577,568     
     $ 5,889,480     
     $ 5,502,378   
 
     Property and equipment, net   
     $ 9,458,805     
     $ 8,623,773     
     $ 5,647,670     
     $ 4,960,142     
     $ 4,640,093   
 
     Long-term debt, including current portion   
     $ 6,397,537     
     $ 6,080,023     
     $ 3,054,379     
     $ 2,936,406     
     $ 2,978,048   
 
     Total shareholders’ equity   
     $ 3,780,880     
     $ 3,518,813     
     $ 2,631,266     
     $ 2,018,784     
     $ 1,844,463   
 
     Operating data:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Passengers carried   
       2,164,404     
       1,933,044     
       1,628,278     
       1,503,107     
       1,530,113   
 
     Passenger Cruise Days   
       16,027,743     
       13,634,200     
       11,400,906     
       10,332,914     
       10,227,438   
 
     Capacity Days   
       14,700,990     
       12,512,459     
       10,446,216     
       9,602,730     
       9,454,570   
 
     Occupancy Percentage   
       109.0 %   
       109.0 %   
       109.1 %   
       107.6 %   
       108.2 % 
 

   

 

   

 

   


 
       31   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Item 7. Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

   

 Financial Presentation  

   

 Revenue from our cruise and cruise-related activities are categorized
by us as “passenger ticket revenue” and “onboard and other revenue.” Passenger ticket revenue and onboard
and other revenue vary according to product offering, the size of the ship in operation, the length of cruises operated and the
markets in which the ship operates. Our revenue is seasonal based on demand for cruises, which has historically been strongest
during the Northern Hemisphere’s summer months. 

   

 Passenger ticket revenue primarily consists of revenue for accommodations,
meals in certain restaurants on the ship, certain onboard entertainment, and includes revenue for service charges and air and land
transportation to and from the ship to the extent guests purchase these items from us. Onboard and other revenue primarily consists
of revenue from gaming, beverage sales, shore excursions, specialty dining, retail sales, spa services, photo services as well
as certain Bareboat Charter revenue. We record onboard revenue from onboard activities we perform directly or that are performed
by independent concessionaires, from which we receive a share of their revenue. 

   

 Our cruise operating expense is classified as follows: 

   

 
 • Commissions, transportation and other primarily consists of direct costs associated with passenger ticket revenue. These costs
include travel agent commissions, air and land transportation expenses, related credit card fees, costs associated with service
charges, certain port expenses and the costs associated with shore excursions and hotel accommodations included as part of the
overall cruise purchase price. 

   

 
 • Onboard and other primarily consists of direct costs that are incurred in connection with onboard and other revenue. These
include costs incurred in connection with gaming, beverage sales and shore excursions. 

   

 
 • Payroll and related consists of the cost of wages and benefits for shipboard employees and costs of certain inventory items,
including food, for a third party that provides crew and other hotel services for certain ships. 

   

 
 • Fuel includes fuel costs, the impact of certain fuel hedges and fuel delivery costs. 

   

 
 • Food consists of food costs for passengers and crew on certain ships. 

   

 
 • Other consists of repairs and maintenance (including Dry-dock costs), ship insurance and other ship expenses. 

   

 Critical Accounting Policies  

   

 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our
consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the periods presented. We rely on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances to make these estimates and
judgments. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. We believe that the following critical accounting policies
reflect the significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. These critical
accounting policies, which are presented in detail in our notes to our audited consolidated financial statements, relate to ship
accounting, asset impairment and contingencies. 

   


 
       32   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Ship Accounting  

   

 Ships represent our most significant assets, and we record them
at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of ships is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated service lives
of primarily 30 years after a 15% reduction for the estimated residual value of the ship. Improvement costs that we believe add
value to our ships are capitalized to the ship and depreciated over the improvements’ estimated useful lives. Repairs and
maintenance activities are charged to expense as incurred. We account for Dry-dock costs under the direct expense method which
requires us to expense all Dry-dock costs as incurred. 

   

 We determine the useful life of our ships based primarily on our
estimates of the average useful life of the ships’ major component systems, such as cabins, main diesels, main electric,
superstructure and hull. In addition, we consider the impact of anticipated changes in the vacation market and technological conditions
and historical useful lives of similarly-built ships. Given the large and complex nature of our ships, our accounting estimates
related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require considerable judgment and are inherently
uncertain. Should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimate of ship service lives or projected residual
values, depreciation expense could be materially lower or higher. If circumstances cause us to change our assumptions in making
determinations as to whether ship improvements should be capitalized, the amounts we expense each year as repairs and maintenance
costs could increase, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. If we reduced our estimated average 30-year ship
service life by one year, depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2015 would have increased by $10.0 million.
In addition, if our ships were estimated to have no residual value, depreciation expense for the same period would have increased
by $49.2 million. We believe our estimates for ship accounting are reasonable and our methods are consistently applied. We believe
that depreciation expense is based on a rational and systematic method to allocate our ships’ costs to the periods that benefit
from the ships’ usage. 

   

 Asset Impairment  

   

 We review our long-lived assets, principally ships, for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Assets are grouped
and evaluated at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of
other groups of assets. We consider historical performance and future estimated results in our evaluation of potential impairment
and then compare the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset.
If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated expected undiscounted future cash flows, we measure the amount of the
impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its fair value. We estimate fair value based on the best information
available making whatever estimates, judgments and projections considered necessary. The estimation of fair value is generally
measured by discounting expected future cash flows at discount rates commensurate with the risk involved. 

   

 Goodwill and other indefinite-lived assets, principally tradenames,
are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or earlier if there is an event or change in circumstances that would indicate that
the carrying value of these assets could not be fully recovered. We use the Step 0 Test which allows us to first assess qualitative
factors to determine whether it is more likely than not (i.e., more than 50%) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than
its carrying value. In order to make this evaluation, we consider the following circumstances: 

   

 
 · General macroeconomic conditions such as a deterioration in general economic conditions; limitations on accessing capital;
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; or other developments in equity and credit markets; 

   

 
 · Industry and market conditions such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates; an increased competitive
environment; a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics (in both absolute terms and relative to peers); a change in the
market for an entity’s products or services; or a regulatory or political development; 

   

 
 · Changes in cost factors that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows; 

   

 
 · Overall financial performance (for both actual and expected performance); 

   

 
 · Entity and reporting unit specific events such as changes in management, key personnel, strategy, or customers; litigation;
or a change in the composition or carrying amount of net assets; and 

   

 
 · Share price (in both absolute terms and relative to peers). 

   

 We believe our estimates and judgments with respect to our long-lived
assets, principally ships, and goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are reasonable. Nonetheless, if there was
a material change in assumptions used in the determination of such fair values or if there is a material change in the conditions
or circumstances that influence such assets, we could be required to record an impairment charge. If a material change occurred,
we may conduct a quantitative assessment comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill.
This is called the Step I Test which consists of a combined approach using the expected future cash flows and market multiples
to determine the fair value of the reporting units. 

   

 As of December 31, 2015, our annual review consisting of the
Step 0 and Step I Test supports the carrying value of these assets. 

   


 
       33   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 Contingencies  

   

 Periodically, we assess potential liabilities related to any lawsuits
or claims brought against us or any asserted claims, including tax, legal and/or environmental matters. Although it is typically
very difficult to determine the timing and ultimate outcome of such actions, we use our best judgment to determine if it is probable
that we will incur an expense related to the settlement or final adjudication of such matters and whether a reasonable estimation
of such probable loss, if any, can be made. In assessing probable losses, we take into consideration estimates of the amount of
insurance recoveries, if any. In accordance with the guidance on accounting for contingencies, we accrue a liability when we believe
a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Due to the inherent uncertainties related to the eventual
outcome of litigation and potential insurance recoveries, although we believe that our estimates and judgments are reasonable,
it is possible that certain matters may be resolved for amounts materially different from any estimated provisions or previous
disclosures. 

   

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures  

   

 We use certain non-GAAP financial measures, such as Net Revenue,
Adjusted Net Revenue, Net Yield, Adjusted Net Yield, Net Cruise Cost, Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel, Adjusted EBITDA,
Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS, to enable us to analyze our performance. See “Terms Used in this Annual Report”
for the definitions of these non-GAAP financial measures. We utilize Net Revenue and Net Yield to manage our business on a day-to-day
basis and believe that they are the most relevant measures of our revenue performance because they reflect the revenue earned by
us net of significant variable costs. In measuring our ability to control costs in a manner that positively impacts net income,
we believe changes in Net Cruise Cost and Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel to be the most relevant indicators of our performance. 

   

 As our business includes the sourcing of passengers and deployment
of vessels outside of the U.S., a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly British
pound, Canadian dollar, euro and Australian dollar which are subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates versus our reporting
currency, the U.S. dollar. In order to monitor results excluding these fluctuations, we calculate certain non-GAAP measures on
a Constant Currency basis whereby current period revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are converted to U.S. dollars
using currency exchange rates of the comparable period. We believe that presenting these non-GAAP measures on both a reported and
Constant Currency basis is useful in providing a more comprehensive view of trends in our business. 

   

 We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is appropriate as a supplemental
financial measure as it is used by management to assess operating performance. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a useful measure
in determining our performance as it reflects certain operating drivers of our business, such as sales growth, operating costs,
marketing, general and administrative expense and other operating income and expense. Adjusted EBITDA is not a defined term under
GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of liquidity or cash flows from operations or a measure comparable to net
income as it does not take into account certain requirements such as capital expenditures and related depreciation, principal and
interest payments and tax payments and it includes other supplemental adjustments. 

   

 In addition, Adjusted Net Revenue and Adjusted Net Yield, which
excludes certain business combination accounting entries, are non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful as supplemental
measures in evaluating the performance of our operating business and provide greater transparency into our results of operations.
Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain amounts and are used to supplement GAAP
net income and EPS. We use Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS as key performance measures of our earnings performance. We believe
that both management and investors benefit from referring to these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our performance and
when planning, forecasting and analyzing future periods. These non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate management’s internal
comparison to our historical performance. The amounts excluded in the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures may vary
from period to period; accordingly, our presentation of Adjusted Net Revenue, Adjusted Net Yield, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted
EPS may not be indicative of future adjustments or results. 

   

 You are encouraged to evaluate each adjustment used in calculating
our non-GAAP financial measures and the reasons we consider our non-GAAP financial measures appropriate for supplemental analysis.
In evaluating our non-GAAP financial measures, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses similar to the adjustments
in our presentation. Our non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider these measures
in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Our presentation of our non-GAAP financial
measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items.
Our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to other companies. Please see a historical reconciliation of these measures
to the most comparable GAAP measure presented in our consolidated financial statements below in the “Results of Operations”
section. 

   


 
       34   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 Summary of Significant 2015 Events 

   

 
 · In October, we took delivery of Norwegian Escape. 

   

 
 · In December, the Apollo Holders and Genting HK sold 10,342,055 ordinary shares of NCLH in a Secondary Equity Offering. In August
and May, the Selling Shareholders sold an aggregate of 40,000,000 ordinary shares of NCLH in Secondary Equity Offerings. In March,
Genting HK and the TPG Viking Funds sold 12,500,000 ordinary shares of NCLH in a Secondary Equity Offering. The Company did not
receive any proceeds from these Secondary Equity Offerings. As of December 31, 2015, the approximate relative ownership percentages
of NCLH’s ordinary shares were as follows: the Apollo Holders (15.8%), Genting HK (11.1%), the TPG Viking Funds (2.4%), and
public shareholders (70.7%). 

   

 
 · In accordance with NCLH’s $500.0 million share repurchase program, NCLH may make repurchases in the open market, in privately
negotiated transactions, or pursuant to accelerated share repurchase programs or structured share repurchase programs, and any
repurchases may be made pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans. As of December 31, 2015, we have approximately $313.5 million of shares
that may yet be repurchased under the program. 

   

 
 · We have expanded our international presence. We began with the announcement of our redeployment of Norwegian Star to the Australasia
region which was followed by the opening of our sales office in Sydney, Australia that services our three brands. We also opened
sales and marketing offices in Shanghai, Beijing, Hong Kong, China and Brazil. We announced our plans to introduce the first purpose-built
ship customized for the China market in 2017.  

   

 Executive Overview  

   

 Total revenue increased 39.0% to $4.3 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2015 compared to $3.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2014. Net Revenue for the year ended December 31,
2015 increased 37.9% to $3.3 billion from $2.4 billion in the same period in 2014 with an improvement in both Net Yield of 17.4%
and Capacity Days of 17.5%. 

   

 For the year ended December 31, 2015, we had net income attributable
to NCLH and diluted EPS of $427.1 million and $1.86, respectively. Operating income increased 39.7% to $702.5 million for
the year ended December 31, 2015 from $502.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. 

   

 We had Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS of $662.7 million and
$2.88, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2015, which includes $235.5 million of adjustments primarily consisting of
expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige, non-cash compensation and certain other adjustments. A 39.8% improvement in Adjusted
EBITDA was achieved for the same period primarily due to the increase in net income and EBITDA. We refer you to our “Results
of Operations” below for a calculation of Net Revenue, Net Yield, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted EBITDA. 

   

 Results of Operations  

   

 We reported total revenue, total cruise operating expense, operating
income and net income as follows (in thousands, except per share data): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Total revenue   
     $ 4,345,048     
     $ 3,125,881     
     $ 2,570,294   
 
     Total cruise operating expense   
     $ 2,655,449     
     $ 1,946,624     
     $ 1,657,659   
 
     Operating income   
     $ 702,486     
     $ 502,941     
     $ 395,887   
 
     Net income attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
     $ 427,137     
     $ 338,352     
     $ 101,714   
 
     EPS:   
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
     $ 1.89     
     $ 1.64     
     $ 0.50   
 
     Diluted   
     $ 1.86     
     $ 1.62     
     $ 0.49   
 

   


 
       35   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 The following table sets forth operating data as a percentage of
total revenue: 

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Revenue   
             
             
           
 
     Passenger ticket   
       72.0 %   
       69.6 %   
       69.4 % 
 
     Onboard and other   
       28.0 %   
       30.4 %   
       30.6 % 
 
     Total revenue   
       100.0 %   
       100.0 %   
       100.0 % 
 
     Cruise operating expense   
             
             
           
 
     Commissions, transportation and other   
       17.6 %   
       16.1 %   
       17.7 % 
 
     Onboard and other   
       6.3 %   
       7.2 %   
       7.6 % 
 
     Payroll and related   
       15.3 %   
       14.5 %   
       13.3 % 
 
     Fuel   
       8.3 %   
       10.4 %   
       11.8 % 
 
     Food   
       4.1 %   
       5.4 %   
       5.3 % 
 
     Other   
       9.5 %   
       8.7 %   
       8.8 % 
 
     Total cruise operating expense   
       61.1 %   
       62.3 %   
       64.5 % 
 
     Other operating expense   
             
             
           
 
     Marketing, general and administrative   
       12.8 %   
       12.9 %   
       11.7 % 
 
     Depreciation and amortization   
       9.9 %   
       8.7 %   
       8.4 % 
 
     Total other operating expense   
       22.7 %   
       21.6 %   
       20.1 % 
 
     Operating income   
       16.2 %   
       16.1 %   
       15.4 % 
 
     Non-operating income (expense)   
             
             
           
 
     Interest expense, net   
       (5.1 )%   
       (4.9 )%   
       (11.0 )% 
 
     Other income (expense)   
       (1.1 )%   
       (0.3 )%   
       0.1 % 
 
     Total non-operating income (expense)   
       (6.2 )%   
       (5.2 )%   
       (10.9 )% 
 
     Net income before income taxes   
       10.0 %   
       10.9 %   
       4.5 % 
 
     Income tax benefit (expense)   
       (0.2 )%   
       0.1 %   
       (0.5 )% 
 
     Net income   
       9.8 %   
       11.0 %   
       4.0 % 
 
     Net income attributable to non-controlling interest   
       — %   
       0.1 %   
       — % 
 
     Net income attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
       9.8 %   
       10.9 %   
       4.0 % 
 

   

 Due to the abbreviated period of consolidation of Prestige’s
results in 2014, certain metrics are presented both on an as reported basis and a Norwegian Stand-alone basis. 

   

 The following table sets forth selected statistical
information: 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
         
     As
    Reported     
     As
    Reported     
     Norwegian 
    Stand-alone     
     As
    Reported   
 
     Passengers carried   
       2,164,404     
       1,933,044     
       1,917,501     
       1,628,278   
 
     Passenger Cruise Days   
       16,027,743     
       13,634,200     
       13,403,000     
       11,400,906   
 
     Capacity Days   
       14,700,990     
       12,512,459     
       12,252,155     
       10,446,216   
 
     Occupancy Percentage   
       109.0 %   
       109.0 %   
       109.4 %   
       109.1 % 
 

   

 Net Revenue, Adjusted Net Revenue, Gross Yield, Net Yield and Adjusted
Net Yield were calculated as follows (in thousands, except Capacity Days and Yield data): 

    

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
         
     As 
    Reported     
     Constant 
    Currency     
     As 
    Reported     
     Norwegian 
    Stand-alone     
     Norwegian 
    Stand-alone  Constant Currency     
     As 
    Reported   
 
     Passenger
    ticket revenue   
     $ 3,129,075     
     $ 3,203,661     
     $ 2,176,153     
     $ 2,079,610     
     $ 2,081,105     
     $ 1,784,439   
 
     Onboard
    and other revenue   
       1,215,973     
       1,215,973     
       949,728     
       934,576     
       934,922     
       785,855   
 
     Total revenue   
       4,345,048     
       4,419,634     
       3,125,881     
       3,014,186     
       3,016,027     
       2,570,294   
 
     Less:   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Commissions, transportation
    and other expense   
       765,298     
       783,891     
       503,722     
       471,981     
       474,466     
       455,816   
 
     Onboard
    and other expense   
       272,802     
       272,802     
       224,000     
       218,033     
       218,379     
       195,526   
 
     Net Revenue   
       3,306,948     
       3,362,941     
       2,398,159     
       2,324,172     
       2,323,182     
       1,918,952   
 
     Non-GAAP
    Adjustment:   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Deferred
    revenue (1)   
       32,431     
       32,431     
       10,052     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Adjusted
    Net Revenue   
     $ 3,339,379     
     $ 3,395,372     
     $ 2,408,211     
     $ 2,324,172     
     $ 2,323,182     
     $ 1,918,952   
 
     Capacity Days   
       14,700,990     
       14,700,990     
       12,512,459     
       12,252,155     
       12,252,155     
       10,446,216   
 
     Gross Yield   
     $ 295.56     
     $ 300.64     
     $ 249.82     
     $ 246.01     
     $ 246.16     
     $ 246.05   
 
     Net Yield   
     $ 224.95     
     $ 228.76     
     $ 191.66     
     $ 189.69     
     $ 189.61     
     $ 183.70   
 
     Adjusted Net Yield   
     $ 227.15     
     $ 230.96     
     $ 192.47     
     $ 189.69     
     $ 189.61     
     $ 183.70   
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) Reflects deferred revenue fair value adjustments related to the Acquisition of Prestige that were made pursuant to business
combination accounting rules. 

   


 
       36   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Gross Cruise Cost, Net Cruise Cost, Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel
and Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel were calculated as follows (in thousands, except Capacity Days and per Capacity Day
data): 

    

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
         
     As
    Reported     
     Constant 
    Currency     
     As
    Reported     
     Norwegian 
    Stand-alone     
     Norwegian
      Stand-alone  Constant Currency     
     As
    Reported   
 
     Total cruise
    operating expense   
     $ 2,655,449     
     $ 2,683,776     
     $ 1,946,624     
     $ 1,863,781     
     $ 1,864,814     
     $ 1,657,659   
 
     Marketing,
    general and administrative expense   
       554,999     
       560,376     
       403,169     
       374,630     
       374,080     
       301,155   
 
     Gross Cruise Cost   
       3,210,448     
       3,244,152     
       2,349,793     
       2,238,411     
       2,238,894     
       1,958,814   
 
     Less:   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Commissions, transportation
    and other expense   
       765,298     
       783,891     
       503,722     
       471,981     
       474,466     
       455,816   
 
     Onboard
    and other expense   
       272,802     
       272,802     
       224,000     
       218,033     
       218,379     
       195,526   
 
     Net Cruise Cost   
       2,172,348     
       2,187,459     
       1,622,071     
       1,548,397     
       1,546,049     
       1,307,472   
 
     Less:
    Fuel expense   
       358,650     
       358,650     
       326,231     
       315,345     
       315,345     
       303,439   
 
     Net Cruise Cost Excluding
    Fuel   
       1,813,698     
       1,828,809     
       1,295,840     
       1,233,052     
       1,230,704     
       1,004,033   
 
     Less Non-GAAP Adjustments:   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Non-cash share-based compensation related to
    the IPO (1)   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       18,527   
 
     Crew expenses (2)   
       10,154     
       10,154     
       7,693     
       7,693     
       7,693     
       —   
 
     Non-cash share-based compensation (3)   
       42,211     
       42,211     
       20,627     
       20,627     
       20,627     
       8,898   
 
     Secondary Equity Offerings’ expenses (4)   
       2,226     
       2,226     
       2,075     
       2,075     
       2,075     
       2,251   
 
     Severance payments and other fees (5)   
       17,580     
       17,580     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Management NCL Corporation Units exchange expenses
    (6)   
       624     
       624     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Acquisition of Prestige expenses (7)   
       27,170     
       27,170     
       57,513     
       48,566     
       48,566     
       —   
 
     Contingent consideration adjustment (8)   
       (43,400 )   
       (43,400 )   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Contract termination expenses (9)   
       3,319     
       3,319     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Other (10)   
       —     
       —     
       3,804     
       3,804     
       3,804     
       3,373   
 
     Adjusted
    Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel   
     $ 1,753,814     
     $ 1,768,925     
     $ 1,204,128     
     $ 1,150,287     
     $ 1,147,939     
     $ 970,984   
 
     Capacity Days   
       14,700,990     
       14,700,990     
       12,512,459     
       12,252,155     
       12,252,155     
       10,446,216   
 
     Gross Cruise Cost per
    Capacity Day   
     $ 218.38     
     $ 220.68     
     $ 187.80     
     $ 182.70     
     $ 182.73     
     $ 187.51   
 
     Net Cruise Cost per Capacity
    Day   
     $ 147.77     
     $ 148.80     
     $ 129.64     
     $ 126.38     
     $ 126.19     
     $ 125.16   
 
     Net Cruise Cost Excluding
    Fuel per Capacity Day   
     $ 123.37     
     $ 124.40     
     $ 103.56     
     $ 100.64     
     $ 100.45     
     $ 96.11   
 
     Adjusted Net Cruise Cost
    Excluding Fuel per Capacity Day   
     $ 119.30     
     $ 120.33     
     $ 96.23     
     $ 93.88     
     $ 93.69     
     $ 92.95   
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) Non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to the IPO, which are included in marketing, general and administrative
expense. 

 
 (2) Non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses, which are included in payroll
and related expense. 

 
 (3) Non-cash share-based compensation expense related to equity awards, which are included in marketing, general and administrative
expense. 

 
 (4) Expenses related to the Secondary Equity Offerings, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense. 

 
 (5) Severance payments and other expenses related to restructuring costs and other severance arrangements, which are included in
marketing, general and administrative expense. 

 
 (6) Expenses related to the exchange of Management NCL Corporation Units for ordinary shares, which are included in marketing,
general and administrative expense. 

 
 (7) Expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense. 

 
 (8) Contingent consideration fair value adjustment related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which is included in marketing, general
and administrative expense. 

 
 (9) Contract termination expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which are included in other cruise operating expense. 

 
 (10) Expenses primarily related to the Corporate Reorganization and the settlement of a 2007 breach of contract claim, which are
included in marketing, general and administrative expense. 

   


 
       37   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS were calculated as follows
(in thousands, except share and per share data): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
         
     As
    Reported     
     As
    Reported     
     Norwegian   Stand-alone     
     As
    Reported   
 
     Net income attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
     $ 427,137     
     $ 338,352     
     $ 369,724     
     $ 101,714   
 
     Net income attributable to non-controlling interest   
       —     
       4,249     
       4,249     
       1,172   
 
     Net income   
       427,137     
       342,601     
       373,973     
       102,886   
 
     Non-GAAP Adjustments:   
             
             
             
           
 
     Non-cash share-based compensation related to the IPO (1)   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       18,527   
 
     Crew expenses (2)   
       10,154     
       7,693     
       7,693     
       —   
 
     Non-cash share-based compensation (3)   
       42,384     
       20,627     
       20,627     
       9,408   
 
     Secondary Equity Offerings’ expenses (4)   
       2,226     
       2,075     
       2,075     
       2,251   
 
     Taxes related to changes in corporate structure (5)   
       —     
       5,247     
       5,247     
       (5 ) 
 
     Severance payments and other fees (6)   
       17,580     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Debt related expenses (7)   
       —     
       15,397     
       23,762     
       160,573   
 
     Management NCL Corporation Units exchange expenses (8)   
       624     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Acquisition of Prestige expenses (9)   
       27,170     
       57,513     
       48,566     
       —   
 
     Deferred revenue (10)   
       32,431     
       13,004     
       —     
       —   
 
     Amortization of intangible assets (11)   
       72,917     
       12,600     
       —     
       —   
 
     Contingent consideration adjustment (12)   
       (43,400 )   
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Loss on extinguishment of debt (13)   
       12,624     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Derivative loss (14)   
       40,971     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Contract termination expenses (15)   
       6,848     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Information technology write-off (16)   
       12,988     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Other (17)   
       —     
       3,804     
       3,804     
       2,150   
 
     Adjusted Net Income   
     $ 662,654     
     $ 480,561     
     $ 485,747     
     $ 295,790   
 
     Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding-Net income and Adjusted Net Income   
       230,040,132     
       212,017,784     
       209,684,848     
       209,239,484   
 
     Diluted EPS   
     $ 1.86     
     $ 1.62     
     $ 1.78     
     $ 0.49   
 
     Adjusted EPS   
     $ 2.88     
     $ 2.27     
     $ 2.32     
     $ 1.41   
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) Non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to the IPO, which are included in marketing, general and administrative
expense. 

 
 (2) Non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses, which are included in payroll
and related expense. 

 
 (3) Non-cash share-based compensation expense related to equity awards, which are included in marketing, general and administrative
expense. 

 
 (4) Expenses related to the Secondary Equity Offerings, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense. 

 
 (5) Taxes related to the change in our corporate entity structure, which are included in income tax benefit (expense). 

 
 (6) Severance payments and other expenses related to restructuring costs and other severance arrangements, which are included in
marketing, general and administrative expense. 

 
 (7) Write-off of deferred financing fees, premiums paid and other expenses related to prepayments of debt, which are included in
interest expense, net. 

 
 (8) Expenses related to the exchange of Management NCL Corporation Units for ordinary shares, which are included in marketing,
general and administrative expense. 

 
 (9) Expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense. 

 
 (10) Deferred revenue fair value adjustments related to the Acquisition of Prestige that were made pursuant to business combination
accounting rules, which are primarily included in Net Revenue. 

 
 (11) Amortization of intangible assets related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which are included in depreciation and amortization
expense. 

 
 (12) Contingent consideration fair value adjustment related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which is included in marketing, general
and administrative expense. 

 
 (13) Loss on extinguishment of debt, which is included in interest expense, net. 

 
 (14) Losses of $(26.2) million for a foreign exchange collar which does not receive hedge accounting treatment and losses of $(14.7)
million related to certain fuel swap derivative hedge contracts for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

 
 (15) Contract termination expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which are included in other cruise operating expense
and depreciation and amortization expense. 

 
 (16) Expenses related to the write-off of certain information technology items, which are included in depreciation and amortization
expense. 

 
 (17) Expenses primarily related with the tax restructuring and costs related to the settlement of a 2007 breach of contract claim,
which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense. 

   


 
       38   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA were calculated as follows (in thousands): 

   

 

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
         
     As
    Reported     
     As
    Reported     
     Norwegian  Stand-alone     
     As
    Reported   
 
     Net income attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
     $ 427,137     
     $ 338,352     
     $ 369,724     
     $ 101,714   
 
     Interest expense, net   
       221,909     
       151,754     
       150,871     
       282,602   
 
     Income tax expense (benefit)   
       6,772     
       (2,267 )   
       (2,279 )   
       11,802   
 
     Depreciation and amortization expense   
       432,114     
       273,147     
       253,153     
       215,593   
 
     EBITDA   
       1,087,932     
       760,986     
       771,469     
       611,711   
 
     Net income attributable to non-controlling interest   
       —     
       4,249     
       4,249     
       1,172   
 
     Other (income) expense   
       46,668     
       10,853     
       57     
       (1,403 ) 
 
     Non-cash share-based compensation related to the IPO (1)   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       18,527   
 
     Crew expenses (2)   
       10,154     
       7,693     
       7,693     
       —   
 
     Non-cash share-based compensation (3)   
       42,211     
       20,627     
       20,627     
       11,623   
 
     Secondary Equity Offerings’ expenses (4)   
       2,226     
       2,075     
       2,075     
       2,251   
 
     Severance payments and other fees (5)   
       17,580     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Management NCL Corporation Units exchange expenses (6)   
       624     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Acquisition of Prestige expenses (7)   
       27,170     
       57,513     
       48,566     
       —   
 
     Deferred revenue (8)   
       32,431     
       10,052     
       —     
       —   
 
     Contingent consideration adjustment (9)   
       (43,400 )   
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Contract termination expenses (10)   
       3,319     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Other (11)   
       —     
       3,804     
       3,804     
       3,314   
 
     Adjusted EBITDA   
     $ 1,226,915     
     $ 877,852     
     $ 858,540     
     $ 647,195   
 



 

   

   

 

 
 (1) Non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to the IPO, which are included in marketing, general and administrative
expense. 

 
 (2) Non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses, which are included in payroll
and related expense. 

 
 (3) Non-cash share-based compensation expense related to equity awards, which are included in marketing, general and administrative
expense. 

 
 (4) Expenses related to the Secondary Equity Offerings, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense. 

 
 (5) Severance payments and other expenses related to restructuring costs and other severance arrangements, which are included in
marketing, general and administrative expense. 

 
 (6) Expenses related to the exchange of Management NCL Corporation Units for ordinary shares, which are included in marketing,
general and administrative expense. 

 
 (7) Expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense. 

 
 (8) Deferred revenue fair value adjustments related to the Acquisition of Prestige that were made pursuant to business combination
accounting rules, which are primarily included in Net Revenue. 

 
 (9) Contingent consideration fair value adjustment related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which is included in marketing, general
and administrative expense. 

 
 (10) Contract termination expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige, which are included in other cruise operating expense. 

 
 (11) Expenses primarily related with the tax restructuring and costs related to the settlement of a 2007 breach of contract claim,
which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense. 

   

 Year Ended December 31, 2015 (“2015”) Compared
to Year Ended December 31, 2014 (“2014”)  

   

 Revenue  

   

 Total revenue increased 39.0% to $4.3 billion in 2015 compared to
$3.1 billion in 2014. Net Revenue increased 37.9% in 2015, primarily due to an increase in Capacity Days of 17.5% and Net Yield
of 17.4%. The increase in Capacity Days was primarily due to the Acquisition of Prestige, the delivery of Norwegian Escape and
the operation of Norwegian Getaway for the full year of 2015. The increase in Net Yield was primarily due to an increase in passenger
ticket pricing and higher onboard and other revenue. Adjusted Net Revenue for 2015 includes a deferred revenue fair value adjustment
of $32.4 million related to the Acquisition of Prestige. On a Constant Currency basis, Net Yield and Adjusted Net Yield increased
19.4% and 20.0%, respectively, in 2015 compared to 2014. 

   

 Expense  

   

 Total cruise operating expense increased 36.4% in 2015 compared
to 2014 primarily due to the increase in Capacity Days as discussed above. Total other operating expense increased 46.0% in 2015
compared to 2014 primarily due to an increase in marketing, general and administrative expenses primarily related to the Acquisition
of Prestige including certain restructuring and severance costs, as well as amortization expense related to the Prestige intangible
assets and depreciation expense related to the Prestige ships. These increases were partially offset by the $43.4 million fair
value adjustment for the contingent consideration related to the Acquisition of Prestige. 

   


 
       39   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 On a Capacity Day basis, Net Cruise Cost increased 14.0% (14.8%
on a Constant Currency basis) due to an increase in marketing, general and administrative expenses as discussed above and certain
crew related expenses, partially offset by a decrease in fuel expense which was primarily the result of a 13.8% decrease in the
average fuel price to $539 per metric ton in 2015 from $625 per metric ton in 2014. Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel per
Capacity Day increased 24.0% (25.0% on a Constant Currency basis) primarily due to the increase in expenses discussed above. 

   

 Interest expense, net increased to $221.9 million in 2015 from $151.8
million in 2014 primarily due to an increase in average debt outstanding in connection with the Acquisition of Prestige. Other
income (expense) was an expense of $46.7 million in 2015 compared to an expense of $10.9 million in 2014. This increase was primarily
related to an expense of $30.7 million from the dedesignation of certain fuel swap derivative hedge contracts and the ineffectiveness
of settled fuel swaps in 2015. Also included in 2015 was an expense of $26.2 million related to the fair value adjustment of a
foreign exchange collar which does not receive hedge accounting treatment partially offset by $11.0 million of foreign currency
transaction gains. 

   

 We had an income tax expense of $6.8 million in 2015 compared to
an income tax benefit of $2.3 million in 2014. During the fourth quarter of 2013, we completed the implementation of a global
tax platform, which had a favorable impact on the amount of income subject to U.S. corporate tax which continued through calendar
year 2014 and 2015. In addition, during the first quarter of 2014, we received information which allowed us to elect a tax method
to calculate deductible interest expense resulting in a tax benefit of $11.1 million including a $5.3 million non-recurring
benefit that has been excluded from Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS for the year ended December 31, 2014. 

   

 Year Ended December 31, 2014 (“2014”) Compared
to Year Ended December 31, 2013 (“2013”)  

   

 Revenue  

   

 Total revenue increased 21.6% to $3.1 billion in 2014 compared to
$2.6 billion in 2013. Net Revenue increased 25.0% in 2014, primarily due to an increase in Capacity Days of 19.8%. The increase
in Capacity Days was primarily due to the delivery of Norwegian Breakaway in April 2013 and Norwegian Getaway in January 2014.
The Net Yield improvement of 4.3% was due to higher net ticket and net onboard and other revenue. Adjusted Net Revenue for 2014
includes a deferred revenue fair value adjustment of $10.1 million related to the Acquisition of Prestige. The improvement in Adjusted
Net Yield was primarily the result of a 3.3% increase in Norwegian Stand-alone Net Yield (3.2% on a Constant Currency basis) and
partially due to the addition of Prestige’s brands to the fleet. 

   

 Expense  

   

 Total cruise operating expense increased 17.4% in 2014 compared
to 2013 primarily due to the increase in Capacity Days as discussed above. Total other operating expense increased 30.9% in 2014
compared to 2013 primarily due to transaction expenses related to the Acquisition of Prestige and certain inaugural and launch-related
costs for Norwegian Getaway and an increase in depreciation and amortization expense related to the addition of Norwegian Breakaway
and Norwegian Getaway. On a Capacity Day basis, Net Cruise Cost increased 3.6% due to the increase in expenses explained above
partially offset by a decrease in fuel expense. The fuel price per metric ton, excluding the impact of hedges was $605 in 2014
compared to $686 in 2013. We experienced a negative impact in 2014 of $10.3 million on our hedge portfolio due to recent reductions
in fuel prices compared to a benefit of $4.7 million in 2013. Net of hedges, fuel price per metric ton decreased to $625 in 2014
compared to $675 in 2013. The Company’s fuel consumption per capacity day decreased 3.1%. On a Capacity Day basis, Net Cruise
Cost Excluding Fuel increased 7.8% primarily due to costs related to the Acquisition of Prestige and certain general and administrative
costs and Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel per Capacity Day increased 3.5%. Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel was
relatively unchanged on a Norwegian Stand-alone Constant Currency basis. 

   

 Interest expense, net decreased to $151.8 million in 2014 from
$282.6 million in 2013. Interest expense, net for 2014 reflected an increase in average debt outstanding associated with newbuild
financings and debt incurred in connection with the Acquisition of Prestige, partially offset by lower interest rates from
the benefits from the redemption of higher rate debt and refinancing transactions. In addition, 2014 reflects $15.4 million of
expenses related to financing transactions in conjunction with the Acquisition of Prestige while 2013 reflects $160.6 million
of expenses associated with debt prepayments. 

   

 In 2014 we had an income tax benefit of $2.3 million compared to
an income tax expense of $11.8 million for 2013. During the fourth quarter of 2013, we completed the implementation of a global
tax platform, which had a favorable impact on the amount of income subject to U.S. corporate tax. This favorable impact continued
through calendar year 2014. In addition, during the first quarter of 2014, we received information which allowed us to elect a
tax method to calculate deductible interest expense which resulted in a tax benefit of $11.1 million including a $5.2 million non-recurring
benefit. 

   


 
       40   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 Liquidity and Capital Resources  

   

 General  

   

 As of December 31, 2015, our liquidity was $665.9 million consisting
of $115.9 million in cash and cash equivalents and $550.0 million available under our revolving credit facility. Our primary ongoing
liquidity requirements are to finance working capital, capital expenditures and debt service. 

   

 As of December 31, 2015, we had a working capital deficit of
$2.0 billion. This deficit included $1.0 billion of advance ticket sales, which represents the total revenue we collect in advance
of sailing dates and accordingly are substantially more like deferred revenue balances rather than actual current cash liabilities.
Our business model, along with our revolving credit facility, allows us to operate with a working capital deficit and still meet
our operating, investing and financing needs. 

   

 Our existing debt agreements restrict, and any of our future debt
arrangements may restrict, among other things, the ability of our subsidiaries, including NCLC, to make distributions and/or to
pay dividends to NCLH and our ability to pay cash dividends to our shareholders. We are a holding company and depend upon our subsidiaries
for their ability to pay distributions to us to finance any dividend or pay any other obligations of NCLH. However, we do not believe
that these restrictions have had or are expected to have an impact on our ability to meet any cash obligations. 

   

 Sources and Uses of Cash  

   

 In this section, references to 2015 refer to the year ended
December 31, 2015, references to 2014 refer to the year ended December 31, 2014 and references to 2013 refer to the year
ended December 31, 2013.  

   

 Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.0 billion in 2015
compared to $635.6 million in 2014 and $475.3 million in 2013. The change in net cash provided by operating activities in 2015
reflects net income of $427.1 million, as well as timing differences in cash receipts and payments relating to operating assets
and liabilities and advance ticket sales of $218.3 million in 2015 compared to $(23.9) million in 2014. The change in net cash
provided by operating activities in 2014 reflects net income of $342.6 million compared to net income in 2013 of $102.9 million,
as well as timing differences in cash receipts and payments relating to operating assets and liabilities. The net income in 2013
included fees of $124.2 million related to prepayment of debt and $11.4 million of deferred income taxes. 

   

 Net cash used in investing activities was $1.2 billion in 2015,
primarily related to payments for our newbuild ships, the delivery of Norwegian Escape, ship improvements and shoreside projects.
Net cash used in investing activities was $1.8 billion in 2014, primarily due to payments related to (i) the Acquisition of Prestige
(ii) the delivery of Norwegian Getaway, and (iii) our Breakaway Plus Class Ships and other ship improvements and shoreside projects.
Net cash used in investing activities was $894.9 million in 2013, primarily related to the payments for construction and delivery
of Norwegian Breakaway and construction of Norwegian Getaway, as well as other ship improvements and shoreside projects. 

   

 Net cash provided by financing activities was $196.2 million in
2015, primarily from the issuance of our $600.0 million 4.625% senior unsecured notes, borrowings related to our revolving loan
facility and our Breakaway three loan facility for the delivery of Norwegian Escape, partially offset by redemption of our $300.0
million 5.00% senior unsecured notes due 2018 and repayments on our revolving loan facility and other loan facilities. Net cash
provided by financing activities was $1.2 billion in 2014, primarily due to borrowings of an incremental $700.0 million under our
$1.4 billion term loan facility, our $350.0 million senior secured term loan facility and borrowings under the Breakaway two loan
and credit facilities related to our Breakaway Plus Class Ships partially offset by repayments of our revolving credit facility
and other borrowings. In November 2014, we also issued the $680.0 million 5.25% senior unsecured notes. Net cash provided by financing
activities was $430.5 million in 2013, primarily due to the issuance of our $300.0 million 5% senior unsecured notes as well as
borrowings under other credit facilities and the proceeds from the issuance of ordinary shares partially offset by repayments of
our $450.0 million 11.75% senior secured notes and revolving credit facilities, and a payment related to the Norwegian Sky Purchase
Agreement. 

   

 Future Capital Commitments 

   

 Future capital commitments consist of contracted commitments, including
ship construction contracts, and future expected capital expenditures necessary for operations. As of December 31, 2015, anticipated
capital expenditures were $1.0 billion, $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion for each of the years ending December 31, 2016, 2017 and
2018, respectively, of which we have export credit financing in place for the expenditures related to ship construction contracts
of $0.5 billion for 2016, $0.6 billion for 2017 and $0.7 billion for 2018. 

   

 Norwegian Escape was delivered in October 2015. We have three other
Breakaway Plus Class Ships on order with Meyer Werft shipyard for delivery in the spring of 2017, spring of 2018 and fall of 2019.
These ships will be the largest in our fleet, reaching approximately 164,600 Gross Tons. The combined contract price of these
three ships is approximately €2.5 billion, or $2.7 billion based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31,
2015. We have export credit financing in place that provides financing for 80% of their contract prices. We also have a contract
with Fincantieri shipyard to build a cruise ship to be named Seven Seas Explorer. The original contract price of the ship
is approximately €343.0 million, or approximately $372.6 million based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate
as of December 31, 2015. We have export credit financing in place that provides financing for 80% of the ship’s contract
price. Seven Seas Explorer is expected to be delivered in the summer of 2016. 

   


 
       41   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 In connection with the contracts to build these ships, we do not
anticipate any contractual breaches or cancellation to occur. However, if any would occur, it could result in, among other things,
the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us, subject to certain refund guarantees, and potential claims and impairment
losses which may materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Capitalized interest for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014
and 2013 was $31.9 million, $22.0 million and $26.3 million, respectively, primarily associated with the construction of our newbuild
ships. 

   

 Off-Balance Sheet Transactions  

   

 None. 

   

 Contractual Obligations  

   

 As of December 31, 2015, our contractual obligations, with
initial or remaining terms in excess of one year, including interest payments on long-term debt obligations, were as follows (in
thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Total     
     Less than 
    1 year     
     1-3
    years     
     3-5
    years     
     More than 
    5 years   
 
     Long-term debt (1)   
     $ 6,502,834     
     $ 629,840     
     $ 1,974,456     
     $ 2,015,644     
     $ 1,882,894   
 
     Due to Affiliate (2)   
       20,769     
       20,769     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Operating leases (3)   
       156,680     
       12,448     
       27,268     
       28,150     
       88,814   
 
     Ship construction contracts (4)   
       2,992,057     
       536,815     
       1,697,128     
       758,114     
       —   
 
     Port facilities (5)   
       185,834     
       33,217     
       49,544     
       42,184     
       60,889   
 
     Interest (6)   
       929,245     
       183,900     
       357,167     
       231,455     
       156,723   
 
     Other (7)   
       129,787     
       54,548     
       34,896     
       15,572     
       24,771   
 
     Total   
     $ 10,917,206     
     $ 1,471,537     
     $ 4,140,459     
     $ 3,091,119     
     $ 2,214,091   
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) Includes premiums aggregating $0.7 million. Also includes capital leases. 

 
 (2) Primarily related to the purchase of Norwegian Sky. 

 
 (3) Primarily for offices, motor vehicles and office equipment. 

 
 (4) For our newbuild ships based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2015. Export credit financing is
in place from syndicates of banks. 

 
 (5) Primarily for our usage of certain port facilities. 

 
 (6) Includes fixed and variable rates with LIBOR held constant as of December 31, 2015. 

 
 (7) Future commitments for service, maintenance and other Business Enhancement Capital Expenditure contracts. 

   

 The table above does not include $11.2 million of unrecognized tax
benefits (we refer you to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note—11 “Income Tax”). 

   

 Other  

   

 Certain service providers may require collateral in the normal course
of our business. The amount of collateral may change based on certain terms and conditions. 

   

 As a routine part of our business, depending on market conditions,
exchange rates, pricing and our strategy for growth, we regularly consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building
of additional ships. We may also consider the sale of ships, potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. If any of these were
to occur, they may be financed through the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness, through cash flows from operations,
or through the issuance of debt, equity or equity-related securities. 

   

 Funding Sources  

   

 Our debt agreements contain covenants that, among other things,
require us to maintain a minimum level of liquidity, as well as limit our net funded debt-to-capital ratio, maintain certain other
ratios and restrict our ability to pay dividends. Our ships and substantially all other property and equipment are pledged as collateral
for our debt. We believe we were in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2015. 

   

 The impact of changes in world economies and especially the global
credit markets has created a challenging environment and may reduce future consumer demand for cruises and adversely affect our
counterparty credit risks. In the event this environment deteriorates, our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be adversely impacted. 

   

 We believe our cash on hand, expected future operating cash inflows,
additional available borrowings under our existing credit facility and our ability to issue debt securities or raise additional
equity, will be sufficient to fund operations, debt payment requirements, capital expenditures and maintain compliance with covenants
under our debt agreements over the next twelve-month period. There is no assurance that cash flows from operations and additional
financings will be available in the future to fund our future obligations. 

   


 
       42   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 Item 7A. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about
Market Risk  

   

 General  

   

 We are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in interest
rates, foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. We attempt to minimize these risks through a combination of our normal
operating and financing activities and through the use of derivatives. The financial impacts of these derivative instruments are
primarily offset by corresponding changes in the underlying exposures being hedged. We achieve this by closely matching the amount,
term and conditions of the derivatives with the underlying risk being hedged. We do not hold or issue derivatives for trading or
other speculative purposes. Derivative positions are monitored using techniques including market valuations and sensitivity analyses. 

   

 Interest Rate Risk  

   

 As of December 31, 2015, we had interest rate swap agreements
to hedge our exposure to interest rate movements and to manage our interest expense. As of December 31, 2015, 56% of our debt
was fixed and 44% was variable, which includes the effects of the interest rate swaps. The notional amount of outstanding debt
associated with the interest rate swap agreements as of December 31, 2015 was $715.9 million. Based on our December 31,
2015 outstanding variable rate debt balance, a one percentage point increase in annual LIBOR interest rates would increase our
annual interest expense by approximately $28.2 million excluding the effects of capitalization of interest. 

   

 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk  

   

 As of December 31, 2015, we had foreign currency derivatives
to hedge the exposure to volatility in foreign currency exchange rates related to our ship construction contracts denominated in
euros. These derivatives hedge the foreign currency exchange rate risk on a portion of the payments on our ship construction contracts.
The payments not hedged aggregate €1.3 billion, or $1.4 billion based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31,
2015. We estimate that a 10% change in the euro as of December 31, 2015 would result in a $146.1 million change in the U.S.
dollar value of the foreign currency denominated remaining payments. 

   

 Fuel Price Risk  

   

 Our exposure to market risk for changes in fuel prices relates to
the forecasted purchases of fuel on our ships. Fuel expense, as a percentage of our total cruise operating expense, was 13.5%,
16.8% and 18.3% for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. We use fuel derivative agreements to mitigate
the financial impact of fluctuations in fuel prices and as of December 31, 2015, we had hedged approximately 60%, 56%, 49%
and 32% of our 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019 projected metric tons of fuel purchases, respectively. We estimate that a 10% increase
in our weighted-average fuel price would increase our anticipated 2016 fuel expense by $21.9 million. This increase would be partially
offset by an increase in the fair value of our fuel swap agreements of $7.0 million. Fair value of our derivative contracts is
derived using valuation models that utilize the income valuation approach. These valuation models take into account the contract
terms such as maturity, as well as other inputs such as fuel types, fuel curves, creditworthiness of the counterparty and the Company,
as well as other data points. 

   

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  

   

 Our Financial Statements and Quarterly Selected Financial Data are
included beginning on page F-1 of this report. 

   

 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure  

   

 None. 

   

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures  

   

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

   

 Our management has evaluated, with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), as of December 31, 2015. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system
of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls
and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving
their control objectives. Based upon management’s evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2015 to provide reasonable assurance that the
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that it is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

   

 Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

   

 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with
the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the 2013  Internal Control-Integrated Framework
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the 

   


 
       43   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Treadway Commission (“COSO Framework”). Based on this
evaluation under the COSO Framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2015. 

   

 The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2015, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered certified public accounting
firm, as stated in their report, which is included on page F-1. 

   

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

   

 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2015 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

   

 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls  

   

 It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met. In addition,
the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Because of these
and other inherent limitations of control systems, there is only the reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving
their goals under all potential future conditions. 

   

 Item 9B. Other Information  

   

 None. 

   


 
       44   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 PART III  

   

 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
 

   

 Except for information concerning executive officers (called for
by Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K), which is included in Part I of this annual report on Form 10-K and except as disclosed
below with respect to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the information required under Item 10 is incorporated herein
by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015 in connection with our 2016 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. 

   

 Code of Ethical Business Conduct 

   

 We have adopted a Code of Ethical Business Conduct that applies
to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or
controller and persons performing similar functions, and our directors. This document is posted on our website at  www.nclhltdinvestor.com .
We intend to disclose waivers from, and amendments to, our Code of Ethical Business Conduct that apply to our directors and executive
officers, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officers or controller and
persons performing similar functions, by posting such information on our website  www.nclhltdinvestor.com  to the extent required
by applicable rules of the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. None of the websites referenced in this annual report on Form 10-K
or the information contained therein is incorporated herein by reference. 

   

 Item 11. Executive Compensation  

   

 The information required under Item 11 is incorporated herein
by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015 in connection with our 2016 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. 

   

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  

   

 The information required under Item 12 is incorporated herein
by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015 in connection with our 2016 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. 

   

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence  

   

 The information required under Item 13 is incorporated herein
by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015 in connection with our 2016 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. 

   

 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services  

   

 The information required under Item 14 is incorporated herein
by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015 in connection with our 2016 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. 

   


 
       45   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 PART IV  

   

 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  

   

 (1) Financial Statements 

   

 Our Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance
with Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and are included beginning on page F-1 of this report. 

   

 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 

   

 Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

   

 (3) Exhibits 

   

 The exhibits listed on the accompanying Index to Exhibits are filed
or incorporated by reference as part of this annual report on Form 10-K and such Index to Exhibits is hereby incorporated herein
by reference. 

   


 
       46   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 SIGNATURES  

   

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this annual report on Form 10-K to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Miami, Florida, on February 29, 2016. 

   

 
 
       
     NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     By: 
     /s/ Frank J. Del Rio         
 
       
     Name: 
     Frank J. Del Rio 
 
       
     Title: 
     Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   

 POWER OF ATTORNEY  

   

 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes
and appoints Frank J. Del Rio, Wendy A. Beck, Daniel S. Farkas and Faye L. Ashby, and each of them, his or her true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place
and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K, and to file the same,
with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents,
and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as
fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said
attorneys-in-fact and agents or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully so or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

   

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this annual report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities
and on the date indicated. 

   

 
 
     Signature 
       
     Title 
       
     Date 
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Frank J. Del Rio 
       
     Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
       
     February 29, 2016 
 
     Frank J. Del Rio 
       
     (Principal Executive Officer) 
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Wendy A. Beck 
       
     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
       
     February 29, 2016 
 
     Wendy A. Beck 
       
     (Principal Financial Officer) 
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Faye L. Ashby 
       
     Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
       
     February 29, 2016 
 
     Faye L. Ashby 
       
     (Principal Accounting Officer) 
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Adam M. Aron 
       
     Director 
       
     February 29, 2016 
 
     Adam M. Aron 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ John Chidsey 
       
     Director 
       
     February 29, 2016 
 
     John Chidsey 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Kevin Crowe 
       
     Director 
       
     February 29, 2016 
 
     Kevin Crowe 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Chad A. Leat 
       
     Director 
       
     February 29, 2016 
 
     Chad A. Leat 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Steve Martinez 
       
     Director 
       
     February 29, 2016 
 
     Steve Martinez 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Karl Peterson 
       
     Director 
       
     February 29, 2016 
 
     Karl Peterson 
       
       
       
       
 
   


 
       47   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 
     /s/ Walter L. Revell 
       
     Director 
       
     February 29, 2016 
 
     Walter L. Revell 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ David M. Abrams 
       
     Director 
       
     February 29, 2016 
 
     David M. Abrams 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ F. Robert Salerno 
       
     Director 
       
     February 29, 2016 
 
     F. Robert Salerno 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Russell W. Galbut 
       
     Director 
       
     February 29, 2016 
 
     Russell W. Galbut 
       
       
       
       
 
   


 
       48   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

   

 
 
     Exhibit 
     Number 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 
 
       
       
       
 
         2.1 
       
     Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 2, 2014, by and among Prestige Cruises International, Inc., Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., Portland Merger Sub, Inc. and Apollo Management, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2014 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
         2.2 
       
     Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 6, 2014, by and among Prestige Cruises International, Inc., Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., Portland Merger Sub, Inc. and Apollo Management, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on October 8, 2014 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
         3.1 
       
     Memorandum of Association of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to amendment no. 5 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-175579)) 
 
       
       
       
 
         3.2 
       
     Amended and Restated Bye-Laws of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., effective as of May 20, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on May 26, 2015 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
         4.1 
       
     Indenture, dated as of November 10, 2015, between NCL Corporation Ltd. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee with respect to $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625% senior unsecured notes due 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2015 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
         4.2 
       
     Indenture, dated as of November 19, 2014, between NCL Corporation Ltd. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee with respect to $680.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior unsecured notes due 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2014 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
         4.3 
       
     Form of Certificate of Ordinary Shares (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to amendment no. 5 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-175579)) 
 
       
       
       
 
         9.1 
       
     Deed of Trust, dated January 24, 2013, by and between Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. and State House Trust Company Limited (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 9.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.1 
       
     Thirteenth Supplemental Deed, dated June 21, 2013, to €258.0 million Pride of America Loan dated as of April 4, 2003 (as amended), by and among Pride of America Ship Holding, LLC, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL America Holdings, LLC, as shareholder, NCL America LLC, as manager, NCL (Bahamas) Ltd., as Sub-Agent, HSBC Bank PLC, as agent and trustee, KFW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as Hermes agent, and a syndicate of financial institutions party thereto as lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s report on Form 8-K/A filed on July 11, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) +† 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.2 
       
     Ninth Supplemental Deed, dated June 21, 2013 to $334.1 million Norwegian Jewel Loan dated as of April 20, 2004 (as amended), by and among Norwegian Jewel Limited, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, NCL (Bahamas) Ltd., as manager, HSBC Bank PLC, as agent and trustee, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, as Hermes agent, and a syndicate of financial institutions party thereto as lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s report on Form 8-K/A filed on July 11, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) +† 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.3 
       
     Eleventh Supplemental Deed, dated June 21, 2013, to €308.0 million Pride of Hawai’i Loan dated as of April 20, 2004 (as amended), by and among Pride of Hawaii, LLC, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL America Holdings, LLC, as shareholder, NCL (Bahamas) Ltd., as bareboat charterer, HSBC Bank PLC, as agent and trustee, KFW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as Hermes agent, and a syndicate of financial institutions party thereto as lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s report on Form 8-K/A filed on July 11, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) +† 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.4 
       
     Sixth Supplemental Deed, dated June 1, 2012, to €662.9 million Norwegian Epic Loan, dated as of September 22, 2006, as amended, by and among F3 Two, Ltd., NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related amended and restated Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K/A filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-128780)) +† 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.5** 
       
     Letter, dated November 27, 2015, amending €662.9 million Norwegian Epic Loan, dated as of September 22, 2006, as amended, by and among Norwegian Epic, Ltd. (formerly F3 Two, Ltd.), NCL Corporation Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related amended and restated Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. 
 
   


 
       49   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 
     Exhibit 
     Number 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.6 
       
     Office Lease Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2006, by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Hines Reit Airport Corporate Center LLC and related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd., and First Amendment, dated November 27, 2006 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.46 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on March 6, 2007 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.7 
       
     Amendment No. 1, dated December 1, 2006, Amendment No. 2, dated March 20, 2007, Amendment No. 3, dated July 31, 2007, and Amendment No. 4, dated December 10, 2007, to Office Lease Agreement, dated December 1, 2006, as amended, by and between Hines Reit Airport Corporate Center LLC and NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.64 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s annual report on Form 20-F filed on March 13, 2008 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.8 
       
     Amendment No. 5, dated February 2, 2010, to Office Lease Agreement, dated December 1, 2006, as amended, by and between Hines Reit Airport Corporate Center LLC and NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to amendment no. 2 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on January 31, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) 
 
       
       
       
 
       10.9 
       
     Amendment No. 6, dated April 1, 2012, and Amendment No. 7, dated June 19, 2012, to Office Lease Agreement, dated December 1, 2006, as amended, by and between Hines Reit Airport Corporate Center LLC and NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K filed on November 2, 2012 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.10 
       
     Amendment No. 8, dated January 28, 2015, to Office Lease Agreement, dated December 1, 2006, as amended, by and between SPUS7 Miami ACC, LP and NCL (Bahamas) Ltd.   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.11 
       
     Amendment No. 9, dated June 30, 2015, to Office Lease Agreement, dated December 1, 2006, as amended, by and between SPUS7 Miami ACC, LP and NCL (Bahamas) Ltd.   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on August 7, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.12 
       
     Shareholders’ Agreement, dated January 24, 2013, by and among Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., Genting Hong Kong Limited, Star NCLC Holdings Ltd., AAA Guarantor—Co-Invest VI (B), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV II), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV III), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV IV), L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware) VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware 892) VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Germany) VI, L.P., TPG Viking, L.P., TPG Viking AIV I, L.P., TPG Viking AIV II, L.P. and TPG Viking AIV III, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.13 
       
     Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Shareholders’ Agreement of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, Ltd., dated as of November 19, 2014, by and among Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, Ltd., Genting Honk Kong Limited, STAR NCLC Holdings Ltd., AAA Guarantor Co-Invest VI (B), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV II), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV III), L.P., AIG VI NCL (AIV IV), L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware) VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware 892) VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Germany) VI, L.P., TPG Viking, L.P., TPG Viking AIV I, L.P., TPG Viking AIV II, L.P., TPG Viking AIV III, L.P., AIF VI Euro Holdings, L.P., AAA Guarantor – Co-Invest VII, L.P., AIF VII Euro Holdings, L.P., Apollo Alternative Assets, L.P., Apollo Management VI, L.P. and Apollo Management VII, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2014 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.14 
       
     Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, dated September 14, 2012, by and among Meyer Werft GMBH, Breakaway Four, Ltd. and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K/A filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.15 
       
     Addendum No. 1, dated October 15, 2012, to Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, dated September 14, 2012, as amended, by and among Meyer Werft GMBH, Breakaway Four, Ltd. and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K/A filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.16 
       
     Addendum No. 2, dated July 9, 2013, to Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, as amended, by and among Meyer Werft GMBH, the Buyer and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on July 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.17 
       
     Addendum No. 3, dated May 22, 2014, to Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, as amended, by and among Meyer Werft GMBH, the Buyer and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on July 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
   


 
       50   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 
     Exhibit 
     Number 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 
 
     10.18 
       
     Addendum No. 4, dated January 30, 2015, to Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, as amended, by and among Meyer Werft GMBH & Co. KG, the Buyer and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.19 
       
     €529.8 million Breakaway One Credit Agreement, dated November 18, 2010, by and among Breakaway One, Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to amendment no. 4 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.20 
       
     First Amendment, dated May 31, 2012, to €529.8 million Breakaway One Credit Agreement, dated November 18, 2010, as amended, by and among Breakaway One, Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K filed on November 2, 2012 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.21 
       
     €529.8 million Breakaway Two Credit Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2010, by and among Breakaway Two, Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to amendment no. 4 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.22 
       
     First Amendment, dated December 21, 2010, to €529.8 million Breakaway Two Credit Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2010, by and among Breakaway Two, Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks and a related Guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to amendment no. 2 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on January 31, 2011 (File No. 333-170141)) 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.23 
       
     Second Amendment, dated May 31, 2012, to €529.8 million Breakaway Two Credit Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2010, by and among Breakaway Two, Ltd. and a syndicate of international banks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K filed on November 2, 2012 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.24 
       
     €590.5 million Breakaway Three Credit Agreement, dated October 12, 2012, by and among Breakaway Three, Ltd. and various other lenders therein defined and a related Guaranty by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K/A filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.25 
       
     €590.5 million Breakaway Four Credit Agreement, dated October 12, 2012, by and among Breakaway Four, Ltd. and various other lenders therein defined and a related Guaranty by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K/A filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.26 
       
     Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2014, but effective as of November 19, 2014, by and among NCL Corporation Ltd., as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent, DNB Bank ASA and Nordea Bank Finland Plc, New York Branch, as co-syndication agents, and a syndicate of other banks party thereto as joint bookrunners, arrangers, co-documentation agents and lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))+ † 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.27 
       
     Term B Incremental Assumption Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2014, by and among JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Term B lender and administrative agent, NCL Corporation Ltd and Voyager Vessel Company, LLC, as the borrowers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2015 (File No. 001-35784)+ 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.28 
       
     Addendum No. 2, dated July 8, 2014, to Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, as amended, by and among Meyer Werft GmbH, Seahawk One, Ltd. and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.29 
       
     Addendum No. 2, dated July 8, 2014, to Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, as amended, by and among Meyer Werft GmbH, Seahawk Two, Ltd. and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.30 
       
     Addendum No. 3, dated September 10, 2015, to Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, as amended, by and among Meyer Werft GmbH & Co. KG, Seahawk One, Ltd. and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.31 
       
     Addendum No. 3, dated September 10, 2015, to Shipbuilding Contract for Hull identified therein, as amended, by and among Meyer Werft GmbH Co. KG, Seahawk Two, Ltd. and NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
   


 
       51   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 
     Exhibit 
     Number 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.32 
       
     €665.9 million Seahawk One Credit Agreement, dated July 14, 2014, by and among Seahawk One, Ltd. and various other lenders therein defined and a related guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.33** 
       
     Supplemental Agreement, dated December 22, 2015, to €665.9 million Seahawk One Credit Agreement, dated July 14, 2014, by and among Seahawk One, Ltd. and various other lenders therein defined and a related guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd.#  
 
       
       
       
 
     10.34 
       
     €665.9 million Seahawk Two Credit Agreement, dated July 14, 2014, by and among Seahawk Two, Ltd. and various other lenders therein defined and a related guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.35** 
       
     Supplemental Agreement, dated December 22, 2015, to €665.9 million Seahawk Two Credit Agreement, dated July 14, 2014, by and among Seahawk Two, Ltd. and various other lenders therein defined and a related guarantee by NCL Corporation Ltd.#  
 
       
       
       
 
     10.36 
       
     Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated October 31, 2014, but effective as of November 19, 2014, relating to the loan agreement originally dated July 18, 2008, among Riviera New Build, LLC, as borrower, the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 1 as lenders, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale, as mandated lead arrangers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as agent and SACE agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.72 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))+† 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.37 
       
     Guarantee relating to the loan agreement dated July 18, 2008 in respect of the Oceania Riviera, dated October 31, 2014, but effective November 19, 2014, among NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 1 as lenders, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale, as mandated lead arrangers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.73 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.38 
       
     Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated October 31, 2014, but effective as of November 19, 2014, relating to the loan agreement originally dated July 18, 2008, among Marina New Build, LLC, as borrower, the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 1 as lenders, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale, as mandated lead arrangers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as agent and SACE agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.74 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))+† 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.39 
       
     Guarantee relating to the loan agreement dated July 18, 2008 in respect of the Oceania Marina, dated October 31, 2014, but effective November 19, 2014, among NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 1 as lenders, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale, as mandated lead arrangers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.75 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.40 
       
     Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated October 31, 2014, but effective as of November 19, 2014, relating to the loan agreement originally dated July 31, 2013, among Explorer New Build, LLC, as borrower, the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 1 as lenders, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Société Générale, HSBC Bank plc, KFW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as joint mandated lead arrangers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as agent, SACE agent and security trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.76 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))+† 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.41 
       
     Guarantee relating to the loan agreement dated July 31, 2013 in respect of the Seven Seas Explorer, dated October 31, 2014, but effective November 19, 2014, among NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as security trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.77 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2015 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.42 
       
     Shipbuilding Contract, dated June 21, 2013, between Fincantieri Cantieri Navali Italiani SpA and Explorer New Build, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.78 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))+ 
 
   


 
       52   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 
     Exhibit 
     Number 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 
 
     10.43 
       
     Amended and Restated Regent Trademark License Agreement, dated February 21, 2011, by and between Regent Hospitality Worldwide, LLC and Seven Seas Cruises, S. DE R.L. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Prestige Cruises International, Inc.’s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed on March 24, 2014 (File No. 333-193479)) 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.44 
       
     Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Kevin M. Sheehan, entered into on June 6, 2013, and effective on April 1, 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s report on Form 10-Q Filed on July 30, 2013 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.45 
       
     Separation Agreement and Release among Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Kevin M. Sheehan, entered into as of January 8, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on January 9, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.46 
       
     Employment Agreement by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Wendy A. Beck, entered into on September 2, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.47 
       
     Employment Agreement by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Andrew Stuart, entered into on  September 2, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.48 
       
     Employment Agreement by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Andrew Madsen, entered into on October 13, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2014 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.49** 
       
     Employment Agreement by and between Prestige Cruise Services, LLC and Jason M. Montague, entered into on September 17, 2015* 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.50 
       
     Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement by and between Oceania Cruises, Inc. and Frank J. Del Rio, entered into on June 5, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Seven Seas Cruises S. DE R.L.’s Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2014 (File No. 333-178244))* 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.51 
       
     Letter Regarding Frank Del Rio’s Executive Employment Agreement, dated September 2, 2014(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.89 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.52 
       
     Letter Regarding Amendment to Frank J. Del Rio’s Executive Employment Agreement, dated August 4, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.53 
       
     NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. Senior Management Retirement Savings Plan, amended and restated as of January 1, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to amendment no. 3 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on February 11, 2011 (File No. 333-170141))* 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.54 
       
     NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, amended and restated as of January 1, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to amendment no. 3 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on February 11, 2011 (File No. 333-170141))* 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.55 
       
     Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. and each of its directors, executive officers and certain other officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.89 to amendment no. 5 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-175579)) 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.56 
       
     Memorandum of Agreement, dated June 1, 2012, and Addendum No. 1 thereto, dated June 1, 2012, entered into by and among Norwegian Sky, Ltd. and the parties named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to NCL Corporation Ltd.’s report on Form 6-K filed on November 2, 2012 (File No. 333-128780)) + 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.57 
       
     Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. 2013 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.93 to amendment no. 5 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed on January 8, 2013 (File No. 333-175579))* 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.58 
       
     Form of Notice of Grant of Option and Terms and Conditions of Option (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2013 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.59 
       
     Form of Director Restricted Share Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on July 30, 2013 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
   


 
       53   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 
     Exhibit 
     Number 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.60 
       
     Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on July 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35784)) * 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.61** 
       
     Directors’ Compensation Policy (effective November 11, 2015)* 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.62** 
       
     Form of Director Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement* 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.63 
       
     Form of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Time and Performance-based Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.64 
       
     Form of Notice of Grant of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Time and Performance-based Option and Terms and Conditions (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2015 (File No. 001-35784))* 
 
       
       
       
 
     21.1** 
       
     List of Subsidiaries of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. 
 
       
       
       
 
     23.1** 
       
     Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered certified public accounting firm 
 
       
       
       
 
     24.1** 
       
     Power of Attorney (included on Signatures page of this annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 
       
       
       
 
     31.1** 
       
     Certification of the Annual Report Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
       
       
       
 
     31.2** 
       
     Certification of the Annual Report Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
       
       
       
 
     32.1*** 
       
     Certification of the Annual Report Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
       
       
       
 
     101** 
       
     The following materials from Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s annual Report on Form 10-K formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL), as follows: (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations of NCLH for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income of NCLH for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013; (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets of NCLH as of December 31, 2015 and 2014; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of NCLH for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013; (v) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity of NCLH for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013; (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements; and (vii) Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts tagged in summary and detail. 
 
   

   

 

 
 + Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed
separately with the SEC. 

 
 # Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed
separately with the SEC. 

 
 † Agreement restates previous versions of agreement. 

 
 * Management contract or compensatory plan. 

 
 ** Filed herewith. 

 
 *** Furnished herewith. 

   


 
       54   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Schedule
II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (in thousands) 

   

 
 
         
           
     Additions     
           
         
 
     Description   
     Balance 
    12/31/12     
     Charged to     
     Charged
    to     
     Deductions
    (a)     
     Balance 
    12/31/13   
 
         
           
     costs and  expenses     
     other accounts -     
           
         
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets   
     $ 113,195     
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ (28,500 )   
     $ 84,695   
 

   

 

   

   

 
 
         
           
     Additions     
           
         
 
     Description   
     Balance 
    12/31/13     
     Charged to     
     Charged
    to     
     Deductions
    (a)     
     Balance 
    12/31/14   
 
         
           
     costs and  expenses     
     other accounts -     
           
         
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets   
     $ 84,695     
     $ —     
     $ 47,032     
     $ (50,023 )   
     $ 81,704   
 

   

 

   

   

 
 
     Description   
     Balance 
    12/31/14     
     Charged to     
     Charged
    to     
     Deductions
    (a)     
     Balance 
    12/31/15   
 
         
           
     costs and  expenses     
     other accounts -     
           
         
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets   
     $ 81,704     
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ (20,267 )   
     $ 61,437   
 

   

   

 

 
 (a) Amount relates to (i) utilization of deferred tax assets and (ii) revaluation of deferred tax assets from their functional
currency to USD. 

   


 
       55   
     Table of Contents   
     

     

 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

   

 
 
       
     Page 
 
       
       
 
     Report of Independent Registered Certified Public Accounting Firm 
     F-1 
 
       
       
 
     Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
     F-2 
 
       
       
 
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
     F-3 
 
       
       
 
     Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 
     F-4 
 
       
       
 
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
     F-5 
 
       
       
 
     Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
     F-6 
 
       
       
 
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
     F-7 
 
   


 
       56   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 Report of Independent Registered Certified
Public Accounting Firm 

   

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Norwegian Cruise Line
Holdings Ltd. 

   

 In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and
the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders’ equity, and cash flows
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. and its subsidiaries at
December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended December 31, 2015 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. In addition, in our opinion, the consolidated financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under
Item 15 (2) presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with
the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in  Internal Control
- Integrated Framework 2013  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s
management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included
in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express
opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedule, and on the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over
financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control
over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

   

 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements. 

   

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

   



   

 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 Miami, Florida 

 February 29, 2016 

   


 
       F- 1   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  

 Consolidated Statements of Operations  

 (in thousands, except share and per share data)  

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Revenue   
             
             
           
 
     Passenger ticket   
     $ 3,129,075     
     $ 2,176,153     
     $ 1,784,439   
 
     Onboard and other   
       1,215,973     
       949,728     
       785,855   
 
     Total revenue   
       4,345,048     
       3,125,881     
       2,570,294   
 
     Cruise operating expense   
             
             
           
 
     Commissions, transportation and other   
       765,298     
       503,722     
       455,816   
 
     Onboard and other   
       272,802     
       224,000     
       195,526   
 
     Payroll and related   
       666,110     
       452,647     
       340,430   
 
     Fuel   
       358,650     
       326,231     
       303,439   
 
     Food   
       179,641     
       168,240     
       136,785   
 
     Other   
       412,948     
       271,784     
       225,663   
 
     Total cruise operating expense   
       2,655,449     
       1,946,624     
       1,657,659   
 
     Other operating expense   
             
             
           
 
     Marketing, general and administrative   
       554,999     
       403,169     
       301,155   
 
     Depreciation and amortization   
       432,114     
       273,147     
       215,593   
 
     Total other operating expense   
       987,113     
       676,316     
       516,748   
 
     Operating income   
       702,486     
       502,941     
       395,887   
 
     Non-operating income (expense)   
             
             
           
 
     Interest expense, net   
       (221,909 )   
       (151,754 )   
       (282,602 ) 
 
     Other income (expense)   
       (46,668 )   
       (10,853 )   
       1,403   
 
     Total non-operating income (expense)   
       (268,577 )   
       (162,607 )   
       (281,199 ) 
 
     Net income before income taxes   
       433,909     
       340,334     
       114,688   
 
     Income tax benefit (expense)   
       (6,772 )   
       2,267     
       (11,802 ) 
 
     Net income   
       427,137     
       342,601     
       102,886   
 
     Net income attributable to non-controlling interest   
       —     
       4,249     
       1,172   
 
     Net income attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
     $ 427,137     
     $ 338,352     
     $ 101,714   
 
     Weighted-average shares outstanding   
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
       226,591,437     
       206,524,968     
       202,993,839   
 
     Diluted   
       230,040,132     
       212,017,784     
       209,239,484   
 
     Earnings per share   
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
     $ 1.89     
     $ 1.64     
     $ 0.50   
 
     Diluted   
     $ 1.86     
     $ 1.62     
     $ 0.49   
 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

   


 
       F- 2   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  

 (in thousands)  

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Net income   
     $ 427,137     
     $ 342,601     
     $ 102,886   
 
     Other comprehensive income (loss):   
             
             
           
 
     Shipboard Retirement Plan   
       1,102     
       (2,311 )   
       2,538   
 
     Cash flow hedges:   
             
             
           
 
     Net unrealized gain (loss) related to cash flow hedges   
       (262,852 )   
       (238,436 )   
       2,247   
 
     Amount realized and reclassified into earnings   
       91,742     
       13,354     
       (4,128 ) 
 
     Total other comprehensive income (loss)   
       (170,008 )   
       (227,393 )   
       657   
 
     Total comprehensive income   
       257,129     
       115,208     
       103,543   
 
     Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest   
       —     
       2,808     
       900   
 
     Comprehensive income attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
     $ 257,129     
     $ 112,400     
     $ 102,643   
 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

   


 
       F- 3   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  

 Consolidated Balance Sheets  

 (in thousands, except share data)  

   

 
 
         
     December
    31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Assets   
             
           
 
     Current assets:   
             
           
 
     Cash and cash equivalents   
     $ 115,937     
     $ 84,824   
 
     Accounts receivable, net   
       44,996     
       32,432   
 
     Inventories   
       58,173     
       56,555   
 
     Prepaid expenses and other assets   
       121,305     
       109,924   
 
     Total current assets   
       340,411     
       283,735   
 
     Property and equipment, net   
       9,458,805     
       8,623,773   
 
     Goodwill   
       1,388,931     
       1,388,931   
 
     Tradenames   
       817,525     
       817,525   
 
     Other long-term assets   
       259,085     
       355,032   
 
     Total assets   
     $ 12,264,757     
     $ 11,468,996   
 
     Liabilities and shareholders’ equity   
             
           
 
     Current liabilities:   
             
           
 
     Current portion of long-term debt   
     $ 629,840     
     $ 576,947   
 
     Accounts payable   
       51,369     
       101,983   
 
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
       640,568     
       552,514   
 
     Due to Affiliate   
       20,769     
       37,948   
 
     Advance ticket sales   
       1,023,973     
       817,207   
 
     Total current liabilities   
       2,366,519     
       2,086,599   
 
     Long-term debt   
       5,767,697     
       5,503,076   
 
     Due to Affiliate   
       —     
       18,544   
 
     Other long-term liabilities   
       349,661     
       341,964   
 
     Total liabilities   
       8,483,877     
       7,950,183   
 
     Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)   
             
           
 
     Shareholders’ equity:   
             
           
 
     Ordinary shares, $.001 par value; 490,000,000 shares authorized; 232,179,786 shares issued and 227,815,301 shares outstanding at December 31, 2015 and 230,116,780 shares issued and 227,630,430 shares outstanding at December 31, 2014   
       232     
       230   
 
     Additional paid-in capital   
       3,814,536     
       3,702,344   
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   
       (412,650 )   
       (242,642 ) 
 
     Retained earnings   
       568,018     
       140,881   
 
     Treasury shares (4,364,485 and 2,486,350 ordinary shares at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively, at cost)   
       (189,256 )   
       (82,000 ) 
 
     Total shareholders’ equity   
       3,780,880     
       3,518,813   
 
     Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity   
     $ 12,264,757     
     $ 11,468,996   
 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

   


 
       F- 4   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

 (in thousands)  

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Cash flows from operating activities   
             
             
           
 
     Net income   
     $ 427,137     
     $ 342,601     
     $ 102,886   
 
     Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Depreciation and amortization expense   
       450,335     
       304,877     
       245,111   
 
     Loss (gain) on derivatives   
       26,525     
       7,274     
       (861 ) 
 
     Deferred income taxes, net   
       1,269     
       6,187     
       2,844   
 
     Gain on contingent consideration   
       (43,400 )   
       —     
       —   
 
     Write-off of financing fees   
       4,070     
       15,628     
       36,357   
 
     Provision for bad debts and inventory   
       5,029     
       —     
       —   
 
     Share-based compensation expense   
       42,209     
       14,617     
       23,075   
 
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities excluding the impact of the Acquisition of Prestige:   
             
             
           
 
     Accounts receivable, net   
       (14,803 )   
       (7,256 )   
       (3,198 ) 
 
     Inventories   
       (4,408 )   
       (261 )   
       (4,034 ) 
 
     Prepaid expenses and other assets   
       (10,325 )   
       (6,373 )   
       (15,667 ) 
 
     Accounts payable   
       (50,730 )   
       315     
       7,662   
 
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
       (8,343 )   
       (18,061 )   
       25,925   
 
     Advance ticket sales   
       218,260     
       (23,947 )   
       55,181   
 
     Payment of original issue discount   
       (1,647 )   
       —     
       —   
 
     Net cash provided by operating activities   
       1,041,178     
       635,601     
       475,281   
 
     Cash flows from investing activities   
             
             
           
 
     Acquisition of Prestige, net of cash received   
       —     
       (826,686 )   
       —   
 
     Additions to property and equipment, net   
       (1,121,984 )   
       (964,640 )   
       (877,282 ) 
 
     Settlement of derivatives   
       (83,519 )   
       (5,334 )   
       (17,569 ) 
 
     Investment in intangible asset   
       (750 )   
       —     
       —   
 
     Net cash used in investing activities   
       (1,206,253 )   
       (1,796,660 )   
       (894,851 ) 
 
     Cash flows from financing activities   
             
             
           
 
     Repayments of long-term debt   
       (1,569,313 )   
       (1,688,720 )   
       (2,393,613 ) 
 
     Repayments to Affiliate   
       (37,042 )   
       (37,043 )   
       (116,694 ) 
 
     Proceeds from long-term debt   
       1,855,809     
       3,107,721     
       2,522,311   
 
     Proceeds from the issuance of ordinary shares, net   
       —     
       —     
       473,914   
 
     Proceeds from the exercise of share options   
       69,127     
       5,857     
       2,020   
 
     Proceeds from employee share purchase plan   
       858     
       —     
       —   
 
     Purchases of treasury shares   
       (107,256 )   
       (82,000 )   
       —   
 
     NCLC partnership tax distributions   
       —     
       (218 )   
       —   
 
     Deferred financing fees and other   
       (15,995 )   
       (116,181 )   
       (57,401 ) 
 
     Net cash provided by financing activities   
       196,188     
       1,189,416     
       430,537   
 
     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents   
       31,113     
       28,357     
       10,967   
 
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year   
       84,824     
       56,467     
       45,500   
 
     Cash and cash equivalents at end of year   
     $ 115,937     
     $ 84,824     
     $ 56,467   
 
     Supplemental disclosures (Note 15)   
             
             
           
 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

   


 
       F- 5   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
 

 (in thousands)  

   

 
 
         
     Ordinary 
    Shares     
     Additional 
    Paid-in  Capital     
     Accumulated 
    Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)     
     Retained 
    Earnings  (Deficit)     
     Treasury 
    Shares     
     Non-controlling 
    Interest     
     Total 
    Shareholders’  Equity   
 
     Balance, December 31,
    2012   
     $ 25     
     $ 2,327,097     
     $ (17,619 )   
     $ (299,185 )   
     $ —     
     $ 8,466     
     $ 2,018,784   
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Share-based compensation   
       —     
       33,056     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       19     
       33,075   
 
     Transactions with Affiliates,
    net   
       —     
       (70 )   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (70 ) 
 
     Corporate Reorganization   
       —     
       (20,176 )   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       20,176     
       —   
 
     IPO proceeds, net   
       179     
       473,735     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       473,914   
 
     Proceeds from the exercise of share options   
       1     
       2,019     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       2,020   
 
     Other comprehensive income   
       —     
       —     
       929     
       —     
       —     
       (272 )   
       657   
 
     Net income   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       101,714     
       —     
       1,172     
       102,886   
 
     Transfers
    from non-controlling interest   
       —     
       7,203     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (7,203 )   
       —   
 
     Balance, December 31,
    2013   
       205     
       2,822,864     
       (16,690 )   
       (197,471 )   
       —     
       22,358     
       2,631,266   
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Share-based compensation   
       —     
       14,617     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       14,617   
 
     Transactions with Affiliates,
    net   
       —     
       (59 )   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (59 ) 
 
     NCLC partnership tax distributions   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (218 )   
       (218 ) 
 
     Proceeds from the exercise of share options   
       1     
       5,856     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       5,857   
 
     Treasury shares   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (82,000 )   
       —     
       (82,000 ) 
 
     Acquisition of Prestige   
       20     
       834,122     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       834,142   
 
     Other comprehensive loss   
       —     
       —     
       (225,952 )   
       —     
       —     
       (1,441 )   
       (227,393 ) 
 
     Net income   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       338,352     
       —     
       4,249     
       342,601   
 
     Transfers
    from non-controlling interest   
       4     
       24,944     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (24,948 )   
       —   
 
     Balance, December 31,
    2014   
       230     
       3,702,344     
       (242,642 )   
       140,881     
       (82,000 )   
       —     
       3,518,813   
 
     Share-based compensation   
       —     
       42,209     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       42,209   
 
     Proceeds from the exercise of share options   
       2     
       69,125     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       69,127   
 
     Proceeds from employee
    share purchase plan   
       —     
       858     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       858   
 
     Treasury shares   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (107,256 )   
       —     
       (107,256 ) 
 
     Other comprehensive loss   
       —     
       —     
       (170,008 )   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (170,008 ) 
 
     Net
    income   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       427,137     
       —     
       —     
       427,137   
 
     Balance,
    December 31, 2015   
     $ 232     
     $ 3,814,536     
     $ (412,650 )   
     $ 568,018     
     $ (189,256 )   
     $ —     
     $ 3,780,880   
 

   

 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

   


 
       F- 6   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  

   

 
 1. Description of Business and Organization  

   

 NCLH is a leading global cruise company which operates
the Norwegian Cruise Line, Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises brands. We have 22 ships with approximately 45,000 Berths
and will introduce five additional ships through 2019. Our ships currently offer itineraries to more than 510 destinations worldwide. 

   

 Norwegian commenced operations from Miami in 1966. In
February 2000, Genting HK acquired control of and subsequently became the sole owner of the Norwegian operations. 

   

 In January 2008, the Apollo Holders acquired 50% of
the outstanding ordinary share capital of NCLC. As part of this investment, the Apollo Holders assumed control of NCLC’s
Board of Directors. Also, in January 2008, the TPG Viking Funds acquired, in the aggregate, 12.5% of NCLC’s outstanding share
capital from the Apollo Holders. 

   

 In February 2011, NCLH, a Bermuda limited company, was
formed with the issuance to the Sponsors of, in aggregate, 10,000 ordinary shares, with a par value of $.001 per share. On January
24, 2013, NCLH consummated the IPO. In connection with the consummation of the IPO, the Sponsors’ ordinary shares in NCLC
were exchanged for the ordinary shares of NCLH at a share exchange ratio of 1.0 to 8.42565 and NCLH became the owner of 100% of
the ordinary shares and parent company of NCLC (the “Corporate Reorganization”). Accordingly, NCLH contributed $460.0
million to NCLC and the historical financial statements of NCLC became those of NCLH. The Corporate Reorganization was effected
solely for the purpose of reorganizing our corporate structure. NCLH had not prior to the completion of the Corporate Reorganization
conducted any activities other than those incidental to its formation and to preparations for the Corporate Reorganization and
IPO. The Corporate Reorganization resulted in all parties being in the same economic position as they were immediately prior to
the IPO. As the economic position of the investors did not change as part of the Corporate Reorganization it is considered a nonsubstantive
merger from an accounting perspective. 

   

 As a result of the Corporate Reorganization, NCLC was
treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the terms of the partnership (including the economic rights
with respect thereto) were set forth in an amended and restated tax agreement for NCLC. Economic interests in NCLC were represented
by the partnership interests established under the tax agreement, which we refer to as “NCL Corporation Units.” The
NCL Corporation Units held by NCLH (as a result of its ownership of 100% of the ordinary shares of NCLC) represented a 97.3% economic
interest in NCLC as of the consummation of the IPO. The remaining 2.7% economic interest in NCLC as of the consummation of the
IPO was in the form of Management NCL Corporation Units held by management (or former management). 

   

 In November 2014, we completed the Acquisition of Prestige. 

   

 In the fourth quarter of 2014, all Management NCL Corporation
Units were exchanged for NCLH ordinary shares and restricted shares. NCLH became the sole member and 100% owner of the economic
interests in NCLC and the non-controlling interest no longer exists. Accordingly, NCLC is now treated as a disregarded entity for
U.S. federal income tax purposes. No new NCLC profits interests or Management NCL Corporation Units will be issued; however, NCLH
has granted, and expects to continue to grant, equity to its employees and members of its Board of Directors under its long-term
incentive plan. 

   

 The Sponsors have completed numerous Secondary Equity
Offerings and as of December 31, 2015 owned 29.3% of NCLH’s ordinary shares (we refer you to Note 8— “Related
Party Disclosures”). 

   

 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

   

 Basis of Presentation  

   

 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and contain all normal recurring adjustments
necessary for a fair statement of the results for the periods presented. Estimates are required for the preparation of consolidated
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and actual results could differ from these estimates.
All significant intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. 

   

 Reclassification 

   

 Certain amounts in prior periods have been
reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 

   


 
       F- 7   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 Cash and Cash Equivalents  

   

 Cash and cash equivalents are stated at cost, and include
cash and investments with original maturities of three months or less at acquisition and also include amounts due from credit card
processors. 

   

 Restricted Cash  

   

 Restricted cash consists of cash collateral in respect
of certain agreements and is included in prepaid expenses and other assets and other long-term assets in our consolidated balance
sheets. 

   

 Accounts Receivable, Net 

   

 Accounts receivable are shown net of an allowance for
doubtful accounts of $3.7 million and $2.8 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

   

 Inventories  

   

 Inventories mainly consist of provisions, supplies and
fuel and are carried at the lower of cost or market using the first-in, first-out method of accounting. 

   

 Advertising Costs  

   

 Advertising costs are expensed as incurred except for
those that result in tangible assets, including brochures, which are treated as prepaid expenses and charged to expense as consumed.
Advertising costs of $12.5 million and $14.3 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, are included in prepaid
expenses and other assets. Expenses related to advertising costs totaled $232.2 million, $122.5 million and $89.0 million for the
years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

   

 Earnings Per Share  

   

 Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income attributable
to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. by the basic weighted-average number of shares outstanding during each period. Diluted EPS
is computed by dividing net income by diluted weighted-average shares outstanding. A reconciliation between basic and diluted EPS
was as follows (in thousands, except share and per share data): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Net income attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
     $ 427,137     
     $ 338,352     
     $ 101,714   
 
     Net income   
     $ 427,137     
     $ 342,601     
     $ 102,886   
 
     Basic weighted-average shares outstanding   
       226,591,437     
       206,524,968     
       202,993,839   
 
     Potentially dilutive shares   
       3,448,695     
       5,492,816     
       6,245,645   
 
     Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding   
       230,040,132     
       212,017,784     
       209,239,484   
 
     Basic EPS   
     $ 1.89     
     $ 1.64     
     $ 0.50   
 
     Diluted EPS   
     $ 1.86     
     $ 1.62     
     $ 0.49   
 

   

 Property and Equipment, Net 

   

 Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Major renewals
and improvements that we believe add value to our ships are capitalized as a cost of the ship while costs of repairs and maintenance,
including Dry-dock costs, are charged to expense as incurred. During ship construction, certain interest is capitalized as a cost
of the ship. Gains or losses on the sale of property and equipment are recorded as a component of operating income (expense) in
our consolidated statements of operations. 

   

 Depreciation is computed on the straight-line basis
over the estimated useful lives of the assets and after a 15% reduction for the estimated residual values of ships as follows: 

   

 
 
       
     Useful Life 
 
     Ships 
     30 years 
 
     Computer hardware and software 
     3-10 years 
 
     Other property and equipment 
     3-40 years 
 
     Leasehold improvements 
     Shorter of lease term or asset life 
 
   

 Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line
basis over the shorter of the lease term or related asset life. 

   

 Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment, based
on estimated future cash flows, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not
be recoverable. Assets are grouped and evaluated at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely
independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. We consider historical performance and future estimated results in our
evaluation of potential impairment and then compare the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future cash flows
expected to result from the use of the asset. If the carrying 

   


 
       F- 8   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

  amount of the asset exceeds estimated expected undiscounted future
cash flows, we measure the amount of the impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its fair value. We estimate
fair value based on the best information available making whatever estimates, judgments and projections are considered necessary.
The estimation of fair value is generally measured by discounting expected future cash flows at discount rates commensurate with
the risk involved. 

   

 Goodwill and Tradenames 

   

 Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair
value of net assets acquired. Goodwill and other indefinite-lived assets, principally tradenames, are reviewed for impairment on
an annual basis or earlier if there is an event or change in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying value of these
assets could not be fully recovered. We use the Step 0 Test which allows us to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether
it is more likely than not (i.e., more than 50%) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. In order
to make this evaluation, we consider the following circumstances as well as others: 

   

 
 · General macroeconomic conditions such as a deterioration in general economic conditions; limitations on accessing capital;
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; or other developments in equity and credit markets; 

   

 
 · Industry and market conditions such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates; an increased competitive
environment; a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics (in both absolute terms and relative to peers); a change in the
market for an entity’s products or services; or a regulatory or political development; 

   

 
 · Changes in cost factors that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows; 

   

 
 · Overall financial performance (for both actual and expected performance); 

   

 
 · Entity and reporting unit specific events such as changes in management, key personnel, strategy, or customers; litigation;
or a change in the composition or carrying amount of net assets; and 

   

 
 · Share price (in both absolute terms and relative to peers). 

   

 We also may conduct a quantitative assessment comparing
the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. This is called the Step I Test which consists
of a combined approach using the expected future cash flows and market multiples to determine the fair value of the reporting units.
Our discounted cash flow valuation reflects our projection for growth and profitability, taking into account our assessment of
future market conditions and demand, as well as a determination of a cost of capital that incorporates both business and financial
risks. We believe that the combined approach is the most representative method to assess fair value as it utilizes expectations
of long-term growth as well as current market conditions. 

   

 We have concluded that our business has three reporting
units. Each brand, Oceania Cruises, Regent and Norwegian, constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available
and management regularly reviews the operating results and, therefore, each brand is considered an operating segment. 

   

 Revenue and Expense Recognition  

   

 Deposits received from guests for future voyages are
recorded as advance ticket sales and are subsequently recognized as passenger ticket revenue along with onboard and other revenue,
and all associated direct costs of a voyage are recognized as cruise operating expenses on a pro-rata basis over the period of
the voyage. 

   

 Revenue and expenses include port fees and taxes. The
amounts included on a gross basis are $242.1 million, $212.3 million and $172.5 million for the years ended December 31,
2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

   

 Foreign Currency  

   

 The majority of our transactions are settled in U.S.
dollars. We translate assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date.
Gains or losses resulting from transactions denominated in other currencies are recognized in our consolidated statements of operations
within other income (expense) and such gains were approximately $11.0 million, $6.0 million and $0.4 million for the years ended
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

   

 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activity  

   

 We enter into derivative contracts to reduce our exposure
to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and fuel prices. The criteria used to determine whether a transaction
qualifies for hedge accounting treatment includes the correlation between fluctuations in the fair value of the hedged item and
the fair value of the related derivative instrument and its effectiveness as a hedge. As the derivative is marked to fair value,
we elected an accounting policy to net the fair value of our derivatives when a master netting arrangement exists with our counterparties. 

   

 A derivative instrument that hedges a forecasted transaction
or the variability of cash flows related to a recognized asset or liability may be designated as a cash flow hedge. Changes in
fair value of derivative instruments that are designated as cash flow hedges are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss) until the underlying hedged transactions are recognized in earnings. To the extent that an instrument is not effective
as a hedge, gains and losses are recognized in other 

   


 
       F- 9   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 income (expense) in our consolidated statements of operations.
Realized gains and losses related to our effective fuel hedges are recognized in fuel expense. For presentation in our consolidated
statements of cash flows, we have elected to classify the cash flows from our cash flow hedges in the same category as the cash
flows from the items being hedged. 

   

 Concentrations of Credit Risk  

   

 We monitor concentrations of credit risk associated
with financial and other institutions with which we conduct significant business. Credit risk, including but not limited to counterparty
non-performance under derivative instruments, our revolving credit facility and new ship progress payment guarantees, is not considered
significant, as we primarily conduct business with large, well-established financial institutions and insurance companies that
we have well-established relationships with and that have credit risks acceptable to us or the credit risk is spread out among
a large number of creditors. We do not anticipate non-performance by any of our significant counterparties. 

   

 Insurance  

   

 We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance
for a number of risks including claims related to crew and guests, hull and machinery, war risk, workers’ compensation, property
damage and general liability. Liabilities associated with certain of these risks, including crew and passenger claims, are estimated
actuarially based upon known facts, historical trends and a reasonable estimate of future expenses. While we believe these accruals
are adequate, the ultimate losses incurred may differ from those recorded. 

   

 Income Taxes  

   

 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated in
accordance with the liability method. Deferred taxes are recorded using the currently enacted tax rates that apply in the periods
that the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred taxes are not discounted. 

   

 We provide a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets
when it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. With respect to acquired deferred tax assets, future reversals
of the valuation allowance will first be applied against goodwill and other intangible assets before recognition of a benefit in
our consolidated statements of operations. 

   

 Share-Based Compensation  

   

 We recognize expense for our share-based compensation
awards using a fair-value-based method. Share-based compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period for awards
that are based on service period and not contingent upon any future performance. We refer you to Note 10—“Employee
Benefits and Share Option Plans.” 

   

 Segment Reporting  

   

 We have concluded that our business has a single reportable
segment. Each brand, Oceania Cruises, Regent and Norwegian, constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is
available and management regularly reviews the operating results and, therefore, each brand is considered an operating segment.
Our operating segments have similar economic and qualitative characteristics, including similar margins and similar products
and services; therefore, we aggregate all of the operating segments into one reportable segment. 

   

 Although we sell cruises on an international basis,
our passenger ticket revenue is primarily attributed to U.S.-sourced guests who make reservations in the U.S. Revenue attributable
to U.S.-sourced guests was 75%, 73 % and 74% for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. No other individual
country’s revenues exceeded 10% in any of our last three years. Substantially all of our long–lived assets are
located outside of the U.S. and consist primarily of our ships. We have 16 ships with Bahamas registry with a carrying value of
$7.2 billion and $6.4 billion as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. We have five ships with Marshall Island
registry with a carrying value of $1.4 billion as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. We also have one ship with U.S. registry with
a carrying value of $0.3 billion as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and one ship with Bermuda registry with a carrying value of
$0.08 billion as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

   

 Recently Issued Accounting Policies 

   

 In July 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2015-11 to simplify the measurement of inventory
for all entities. This applies to all inventory that is measured using either the first-in, first-out or average cost method. The
guidance requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The guidance must be applied prospectively
and will be effective for our interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted
as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this newly
issued guidance to our consolidated financial statements. 

   

 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05 to clarify
a customer’s accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. The amendments provide guidance to customers about
whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license or if the arrangement should be accounted for as a service contract.
This guidance will impact the accounting of software licenses but will not change a customer’s accounting for service contracts.
The guidance will be effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December
15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. 

   


 
       F- 10   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 An entity can elect to adopt the amendments either prospectively
or retrospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, of the adoption of this newly issued guidance to our consolidated
financial statements. 

   

 In May 2014, FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09 which requires
entities to recognize revenue through the application of a five-step model, including identification of the contract, identification
of the performance obligations, determination of the transaction price, allocation of the transaction price to the performance
obligation and recognition of revenue as the entity satisfies the performance obligations. Entities have the option of using either
a full retrospective or a modified approach to adopt the guidance. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14 deferring the
effective date for one year. We can elect to adopt the provisions of ASU No. 2014-09 for annual periods beginning after December
15, 2017 including interim periods within that reporting period or we can elect to early adopt the guidance as of the original
effective date. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this newly issued guidance to our consolidated financial
statements. 

   

 
 3. Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

   

 Goodwill and tradenames are not subject to amortization,
therefore, as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 the carrying values were $1.4 billion and $0.8 billion, respectively. We revised the
classification of goodwill and intangible assets to separately present goodwill and tradenames. Other intangible assets consisting
of customer relationships and backlog are presented within other long-term assets. The revision was not deemed material to the
Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

   

 The gross carrying amounts of intangible assets included
within other long-term assets, the related accumulated amortization, the net carrying amounts and the weighted-average amortization
periods of the Company’s intangible assets are listed in the following tables (in thousands, except amortization period): 

   

 
 
         
     December
    31, 2015   
 
         
     Gross
    Carrying  Amount     
     Accumulated 
    Amortization     
     Net
    Carrying  Amount     
     Weighted- 
    Average  Amortization  Period (Years)   
 
     Customer relationship   
     $ 120,000     
     $ (15,527 )   
     $ 104,473     
       6.0   
 
     Backlog   
       70,000     
       (70,000 )   
       —     
       1.0   
 
     Licenses   
       3,368     
       (208 )   
       3,160     
       5.6   
 
     Total intangible assets subject to amortization   
     $ 193,368     
     $ (85,735 )   
     $ 107,633     
           
 
     License (Indefinite-lived)   
     $ 4,427     
     $ —     
     $ —     
           
 

   

 
 
         
     December
    31, 2014   
 
         
     Gross
    Carrying  Amount     
     Accumulated 
    Amortization     
     Net
    Carrying  Amount     
     Weighted- 
    Average  Amortization  Period (Years)   
 
     Customer relationship   
     $ 120,000     
     $ (4,556 )   
     $ 115,444     
       6.0   
 
     Backlog   
       70,000     
       (7,972 )   
       62,028     
       1.0   
 
     Total intangible assets subject to amortization   
     $ 190,000     
     $ (12,528 )   
     $ 177,472     
           
 
     License (Indefinite-lived)   
     $ 4,427     
     $ —     
     $ —     
           
 

   

 The aggregate amortization expense is as follows (in
thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended  December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Amortization expense   
     $ 73,207     
     $ 12,528   
 

   

 The following table sets forth the Company’s estimated
aggregate amortization expense for each of the five years below (in thousands):  

   

 
 
     Year ended
    December 31,   
     Amortization 
    Expense   
 
     2016   
     $ 21,659   
 
     2017   
       31,177   
 
     2018   
       26,058   
 
     2019   
       18,489   
 
     2020   
       9,906   
 

   


 
       F- 11   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 4. The Acquisition of Prestige 

   

 On September 2, 2014, NCLH entered into an agreement
with funds affiliated with Apollo and other owners to acquire 100% of the equity of Prestige.  

   

 The Acquisition of Prestige and the principal factors
that contribute to the recognition of goodwill are enhancements of our financial profile by creating a company with increased economies
of scale, greater operating leverage and synergies. These synergies include revenue enhancements and opportunities for savings
in various areas. The Acquisition of Prestige also creates a company with greater cash flow generation, accelerating the ability
to delever our balance sheet. 

   

 On November 19, 2014, we completed the Acquisition of
Prestige. Consideration consisted of $1.1 billion in cash and non-cash considerations of 19,969,889 NCLH ordinary shares valued
at $834.1 million based on the closing market price of NCLH’s shares as of November 18, 2014 and contingent consideration
valued at $43.4 million. In addition, we assumed debt of $1.6 billion from Prestige. The contingent consideration arrangement subjected
NCLH to an additional cash payment of up to $50 million upon achievement of certain 2015 revenue milestones. The contingent consideration
was valued using various projected 2015 revenue scenarios weighted by the likelihood of each scenario occurring. The probability
weighted payout was then discounted at an appropriate discount rate commensurate for the risk of meeting the probabilistic cash
flows. For more on the contingent consideration valuation, we refer you to “Valuation of Contingent Consideration”
below. 

   

 Prestige is reported in our results of operations from
the acquisition date which includes approximately $111.7 million of revenue and approximately $19.7 million of operating loss related
to Prestige for the period ended December 31, 2014. 

   

 The excess of the cost of acquisition over the net of
amounts assigned to the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill, which is not expected
to be deductible for tax purposes. 

   

 Based on this fair valuation, the purchase price is
allocated as follows (in thousands): 

   

 Consideration Allocated: 

   

 
 
     Accounts receivable   
     $ 6,916   
 
     Inventories   
       12,579   
 
     Prepaid expenses and other assets   
       48,670   
 
     Amortizable intangible assets   
       190,000   
 
     Property and equipment   
       2,175,039   
 
     Goodwill and tradenames   
       1,595,126   
 
     Other long-term assets   
       15,607   
 
     Current portion of long-term debt   
       (97,006 ) 
 
     Accounts payable   
       (14,880 ) 
 
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
       (190,256 ) 
 
     Advance ticket sales   
       (439,313 ) 
 
     Long-term debt   
       (1,456,038 ) 
 
     Other long-term liabilities   
       (142,216 ) 
 
     Total consideration allocated, net of $295.8 million of cash acquired   
     $ 1,704,228   
 

   

 Goodwill and intangible assets acquired include the following
(in thousands): 

   

 
 
     Goodwill   
     $ 985,126   
 
     Tradenames (indefinite lived)   
       610,000   
 
     Backlog (1 year amortization period)   
       70,000   
 
     Customer relationships (6 year amortization period)   
       120,000   
 

   

 Pro forma Financial Information (unaudited) 

   

 The following unaudited pro forma financial information
presents the combined results of operations of NCLH and Prestige as if the Acquisition of Prestige had occurred on January 1, 2013.
The pro forma results presented below for 2014 and 2013 combine the historical results of NCLH and Prestige for 2014 and 2013.
The unaudited pro forma financial information is not intended to represent or be indicative of our consolidated results of operations
or financial condition that would have been reported had the Acquisition of Prestige been completed as of January 1, 2013 and should
not be taken as indicative of our future consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 

   


 
       F- 12   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 The unaudited pro forma financial information was as
follows (in thousands, except per share data): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Total revenue   
     $ 4,310,079     
     $ 3,704,692   
 
     Net income (loss) attributable to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
       497,020     
       (683 ) 
 
     Earnings per share:   
             
           
 
     Basic   
     $ 2.21     
     $ —   
 
     Dilutive   
     $ 2.19     
     $ —   
 

   

 The unaudited pro forma financial information includes
non-recurring pro forma adjustments of $57.5 million in acquisition related expenses within marketing, general and administrative
expense, a purchase price adjustment decreasing passenger ticket revenue by $48.9 million, $15.4 million of expenses related to
financing transactions in conjunction with the Acquisition of Prestige within interest expense and $70.0 million of amortization
related to the backlog intangible asset in the year ended December 31, 2013. 

   

 Valuation of Contingent Consideration 

   

 The contingent consideration is valued using various
projected 2015 net revenue scenarios weighted by the likelihood of each scenario occurring. The probability-weighted payout is
then discounted at an appropriate discount rate commensurate for the risk of meeting the probabilistic cash flows. As the fair
value is measured based upon significant inputs that are unobservable in the market, it was classified as Level 3 in the fair value
hierarchy. Level 3 consists of significant unobservable inputs we believe market participants would use in pricing the asset or
liability based on the best information available. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the
Company’s contingent consideration are the estimated annual net revenue and the probabilities associated with attaining the
threshold and target net revenue as defined by the Merger Agreement. A significant increase in the estimated net revenue or an
increase in the probability associated with reaching the target would result in a significantly higher fair value measurement.
The maximum fair value would not be able to exceed $50 million, while an amount of net revenue less than 98% of target would result
in no payout. For the year ended December 31, 2015, the fair value of the contingent consideration was reduced to zero based upon
updates to the probability-weighted assessment of various projected revenue scenarios. The net revenue target was not met, and
accordingly, we recognized a $43.4 million fair value adjustment during the year ended December 31, 2015, which was included in
marketing, general and administrative expense. 

   

 The following table summarizes the change in fair value
of the contingent consideration liability (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Contingent
      Consideration Liability   
 
     Balance as of December 31, 2014   
     $ 43,400   
 
     Fair value adjustment (Level 3)   
       (43,400 ) 
 
     Balance as of December 31, 2015   
     $ —   
 

   

 
 5. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

   

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the
year ended December 31, 2015 was as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Accumulated 
    Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)     
     Change 
    Related to  Cash Flow  Hedges     
     Change 
    Related to  Shipboard  Retirement  Plan   
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at beginning of period   
     $ (242,642 )   
     $ (234,188 )   
     $ (8,454 ) 
 
     Current period other comprehensive loss before reclassifications   
       (262,227 )   
       (262,852 )   
       625   
 
     Amounts reclassified   
       92,219     
       91,742 (1)   
       477 (2) 
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at end of period   
     $ (412,650 )   
     $ (405,298 )(3)   
     $ (7,352 ) 
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) We refer you to Note 9—“Fair Value Measurements and Derivatives” for the affected line items in the consolidated
statements of operations. 

 
 (2) Amortization of prior-service cost and actuarial loss reclassified to payroll and related expense. 

 
 (3) Of the existing amounts related to derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, approximately $135.2 million of loss is expected
to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months. 

   

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the
year ended December 31, 2014 was as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Accumulated 
    Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)     
     Change 
    Related to  Cash Flow  Hedges     
     Change 
    Related to  Shipboard  Retirement  Plan   
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at beginning of period   
     $ (16,690 )   
     $ (10,532 )   
     $ (6,158 ) 
 
     Current period other comprehensive loss before reclassifications   
       (239,597 )   
       (236,925 )   
       (2,672 ) 
 
     Amounts reclassified   
       13,645     
       13,269 (1)   
       376 (2) 
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at end of period   
     $ (242,642 )   
     $ (234,188 )   
     $ (8,454 ) 
 

   


 
       F- 13   
     Table of Contents   
     

   

 

   

 

 
 (1) We refer you to Note 9—“Fair Value Measurements and Derivatives” for the affected line items in the consolidated
statements of operations. 

 
 (2) Amortization of prior-service cost and actuarial loss reclassified to payroll and related expense. 

   

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the
year ended December 31, 2013 was as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Accumulated 
    Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)     
     Change 
    Related to  Cash Flow  Hedges     
     Change 
    Related to  Shipboard  Retirement  Plan   
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at beginning of period   
     $ (17,619 )   
     $ (7,872 )   
     $ (9,747 ) 
 
     Current period other comprehensive income before reclassifications   
       6,104     
       3,177     
       2,927   
 
     Amounts reclassified   
       (5,175 )   
       (5,837 )(1)   
       662 (2) 
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at end of period   
     $ (16,690 )   
     $ (10,532 )   
     $ (6,158 ) 
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) We refer you to Note 9—“Fair Value Measurements and Derivatives” for the affected line items in the consolidated
statements of operations. 

 
 (2) Amortization of prior-service cost and actuarial loss reclassified to payroll and related expense. 

   

 
 6. Property and Equipment, Net 

   

 Property and equipment consisted of the following (in
thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Ships   
     $ 10,765,525     
     $ 9,706,093   
 
     Ships under construction   
       300,575     
       290,381   
 
     Land   
       1,009     
       1,009   
 
     Other   
       434,881     
       351,377   
 
         
       11,501,990     
       10,348,860   
 
     Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization   
       (2,043,185 )   
       (1,725,087 ) 
 
     Property and Equipment, Net   
     $ 9,458,805     
     $ 8,623,773   
 

   

 The increase in Ships was primarily due to the addition
of Norwegian Escape. Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $432.1
million, $273.1 million and $215.6 million, respectively. Repairs and maintenance expenses including Dry-dock expenses were $124.8
million, $69.9 million and $67.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

   

 Ships under construction include progress payments to
the shipyard, planning and design fees, loan interest and commitment fees and other associated costs. Interest costs associated
with the construction of ships that were capitalized during the construction period amounted to $31.9 million, $22.0 million and
$26.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

   


   


 
       F- 14   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 7. Long-Term Debt  

   

 Long-term debt consisted of the following: 


   

 

 
 
         
     Interest
    Rate  December 31,     
     Maturities     
     Balance 
    December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     Through     
     2015     
     2014   
 
         
           
           
           
     (in
    thousands)   
 
     $600.0 million 4.625% senior unsecured notes   
       4.625 %   
       — %   
       2020     
     $ 590,037     
     $ —   
 
     €662.9 million Norwegian Epic term loan (1)   
       2.43 %   
       2.02 %   
       2022     
       460,870     
       524,006   
 
     $625.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility   
       2.78 %   
       2.16 %   
       2018     
       75,000     
       200,000   
 
     $350.0 million senior secured term loan facility   
       4.00 %   
       4.00 %   
       2021     
       338,353     
       340,474   
 
     $1,375.0 million term loan facility   
       2.85 %   
       2.17 %   
       2018     
       1,185,720     
       1,301,210   
 
     €308.1 million Pride of Hawai’i loan (1)   
       1.27 %   
       1.18 %   
       2018     
       89,867     
       123,638   
 
     $300.0 million 5.00% senior unsecured notes (2)   
       —     
       5.00 %   
       2018     
       —     
       294,746   
 
     $334.1 million Norwegian Jewel term loan   
       1.28 %   
       1.18 %   
       2017     
       53,534     
       78,545   
 
     €258.0 million Pride of America Hermes loan (1)   
       1.64 %   
       1.19 %   
       2017     
       37,778     
       61,313   
 
     €529.8 million Breakaway one loan (1)   
       1.92 %   
       1.84 %   
       2025     
       522,859     
       576,266   
 
     €529.8 million Breakaway two loan (1)   
       4.50 %   
       4.50 %   
       2026     
       592,531     
       647,258   
 
     €590.5 million Breakaway three loan (1)   
       2.98 %   
       2.98 %   
       2027     
       711,187     
       121,278   
 
     €590.5 million Breakaway four loan (1)   
       2.98 %   
       2.98 %   
       2029     
       108,964     
       35,057   
 
     €126 million Norwegian Jewel term loan (1)   
       1.27 %   
       1.18 %   
       2017     
       28,649     
       56,382   
 
     €126 million Norwegian Jade term loan (1)   
       1.27 %   
       1.18 %   
       2017     
       29,149     
       56,991   
 
     €666 million Seahawk 1 term loan (1)   
       3.92 %   
       3.92 %   
       2030     
       40,845     
       40,845   
 
     €666 million Seahawk 2 term loan (1)   
       3.92 %   
       3.92 %   
       2031     
       40,845     
       40,845   
 
     $680 million 5.25% senior unsecured notes   
       5.25 %   
       5.25 %   
       2019     
       670,059     
       667,559   
 
     Sirena loan   
       2.75 %   
       2.75 %   
       2019     
       53,229     
       82,000   
 
     Marina newbuild loan (3)   
       1.01 %   
       0.88 %   
       2023     
       335,135     
       379,868   
 
     Riviera newbuild loan (4)   
       1.08 %   
       0.87 %   
       2024     
       382,173     
       427,184   
 
     Capital lease and license obligations   
       1.62%-12.56 %   
       1.62%-12.935 %   
       2022     
       50,753     
       24,558   
 
     Total debt   
             
             
             
       6,397,537     
       6,080,023   
 
     Less: current portion of long-term debt   
             
             
             
       (629,840 )   
       (576,947 ) 
 
     Total long-term debt   
             
             
             
     $ 5,767,697     
     $ 5,503,076   
 



   

   

 

 
 (1) Currently U.S. dollar-denominated. 

 
 (2) Net of unamortized original issue discount of $1.1 million as of December 31, 2014. 

 
 (3) Includes premium of $0.3 million and $0.4 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

 
 (4) Includes premium of $0.4 million and $0.5 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

   

 In October 2015, we took delivery of Norwegian Escape.
To finance the payment due upon delivery, we drew $577.2 million of our €590.5 million Breakaway three loan due 2027.
The loan bears interest at 2.98%. 

   

 In November 2015, we issued the $600.0 million 4.625%
senior unsecured notes due 2020 and redeemed our $300.0 million 5.00% senior unsecured notes due 2018. 

   

 In December 2015, we adopted ASU No. 2015-03 which requires
that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the
carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. We also adopted ASU No. 2015-15 which allows an entity
to defer and present debt issuance costs related to a line of credit arrangement as an asset. These deferred costs are amortized
over the life of the loan agreement. We applied this guidance on a retrospective basis. 

   

 The following is a reconciliation of changes to our
long-term debt due to the adoption of ASU No. 2015-03 (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Long-term debt balance prior to the adoption of ASU No. 2015-03   
     $ 6,502,834     
     $ 6,184,104   
 
     Less: changes due to the adoption of the ASU No. 2015-03   
       105,297     
       104,081   
 
     Long-term debt balance   
     $ 6,397,537     
     $ 6,080,023   
 

   

 In December 2015, we amended and increased our €666 million
Seahawk 1 term loan and our €666 million Seahawk 2 term loan to €710.8 million and €706.8 million, respectively. 

   

 Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31,
2015 was $222.1 million which included $36.6 million of amortization and a $12.7 million loss on extinguishment of debt. Interest
expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $151.8 million which included $32.3 million of amortization and $15.4 million
of expenses related to financing transactions in connection with the Acquisition of Prestige.  For the year ended December
31, 2013, interest expense, net was $282.6 million which included amortization of $64.9 million (including a $37.3 million write-off
of deferred financing fees). 

   

 Our debt agreements contain covenants that, among other
things, require us to maintain a minimum level of liquidity, as well as limit our net funded debt-to-capital ratio, maintain certain
other ratios and restrict our ability to pay dividends. Our ships and substantially all other property and equipment are pledged
as collateral for substantially all of our debt. We believe we were in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2015. 

   

 The following are scheduled principal repayments on long-term
debt including capital lease obligations as of December 31, 2015 for each of the next five years (in thousands): 

   

 
 
     Year   
     Amount   
 
     2016   
     $ 629,840   
 
     2017   
       591,270   
 
     2018   
       1,383,186   
 
     2019   
       1,051,847   
 
     2020   
       963,797   
 
     Thereafter   
       1,882,894   
 
     Total   
     $ 6,502,834   
 

   


 
       F- 15   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 We had an accrued interest liability of $34.2 million
and $32.8 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

   

 
 8. Related Party Disclosures 

   

 Transactions with Genting HK, the Apollo Holders
and the TPG Viking Funds  

   

 As of December 31, 2015, the ownership percentages
of NCLH’s ordinary shares were as follows: 

   

 
 
     Shareholder   
     Number of 
    Shares     
     Percentage 
    Ownership   
 
     Genting HK (1)   
       25,398,307     
       11.1 % 
 
     Apollo Holders (2)   
       36,103,782     
       15.8 % 
 
     TPG Viking Funds (3)   
       5,329,834     
       2.4 % 
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) Genting HK owns our ordinary shares indirectly through Star NCLC Holdings Ltd., a Bermuda wholly-owned subsidiary. 

 
 (2) The Apollo Holders include AAA Guarantor—Co-Invest VI (B), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV II), L.P., AIF
VI NCL (AIV III), L.P., AIF VI NCL (AIV IV), L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware) VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware
892) VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners VI, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners (Germany) VI, L.P., AAA Guarantor—Co-Invest VII,
L.P., AIF VI Euro Holdings, L.P., AIF VII Euro Holdings, L.P., Apollo Alternative Assets, L.P., Apollo Management VI, L.P. and
Apollo Management VII, L.P. 

 
 (3) The TPG Viking Funds include TPG Viking, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, TPG Viking AIV I, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted
limited partnership, TPG Viking AIV II, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership and TPG Viking AIV III, L.P., a Delaware
limited partnership. 

   

 In December 2015, we repurchased 348,553 ordinary shares
under NCLH’s repurchase program as a part of a Secondary Equity Offering by the Apollo Holders and Genting HK for approximately
$20.0 million. 

   

 In September 2014, NCLH entered into the Merger Agreement
with funds affiliated with Apollo and other owners for total consideration of $3.025 billion (including assumption of debt) in
cash and stock. On November 19, 2014, we completed the Acquisition of Prestige. 

   

 In June 2012, we exercised our option with Genting HK
to purchase Norwegian Sky. The purchase price was $259.3 million, which consisted of a $50.0 million cash payment and a $209.3
million payable to Genting HK, $79.7 million of such amount was paid to Genting HK within fourteen days of the consummation of
the IPO, together with accrued interest thereon, and the remaining balance is to be repaid over seven equal semi-annual payments
the first of which was due and paid in June 2013 and has a weighted-average interest rate of 1.52% through maturity. The fair value
of the payable was $205.5 million based on discounting the future payments at an imputed interest rate of 2.26% per annum,
which was commensurate with the Company’s borrowing rate for similar assets. The payable is collateralized by a mortgage
and an interest in all earnings, proceeds of insurance and certain other interests related to the ship and is included in the balance
sheet caption “Due to Affiliate” on our consolidated balance sheets. We have paid $240.8 million to Genting HK in connection
with the Norwegian Sky Purchase Agreement through December 31, 2015. 

   

 
 9. Fair Value Measurements and Derivatives 

   

 Fair value is defined as the price at which an orderly
transaction to sell an asset or to transfer a liability would take place between market participants at the measurement date under
current market conditions (that is, an exit price at the measurement date from the perspective of a market participant that holds
the asset or owes the liability). 

   

 Fair Value Hierarchy 

   

 The following hierarchy for inputs used in measuring
fair value should maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most
observable inputs be used when available: 

   

 
 
     Level 1 
     Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement dates. 
 
       
       
 
     Level 2 
     Significant other observable inputs that are used by market participants in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from independent sources. 
 
   


 
       F- 16   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 
     Level 3 
     Significant unobservable inputs we believe market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best information available. 
 
   

 Derivatives 

   

 We are exposed to market risk attributable to changes
in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. We attempt to minimize these risks through a combination of
our normal operating and financing activities and through the use of derivatives. We assess whether derivatives used in hedging
transactions are “highly effective” in offsetting changes in the cash flow of our hedged forecasted transactions. We
use regression analysis for this hedge relationship and high effectiveness is achieved when a statistically valid relationship
reflects a high degree of offset and correlation between the fair values of the derivative and the hedged forecasted transaction.
Cash flows from the derivatives are classified in the same category as the cash flows from the underlying hedged transaction. The
determination of ineffectiveness is based on the amount of dollar offset between the cumulative change in fair value of the derivative
and the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged transaction at the end of the reporting period. If it is determined that
a derivative is not highly effective as a hedge, or if the hedged forecasted transaction is no longer probable of occurring, then
the amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is released to earnings. In addition, the ineffective portion
of our highly effective hedges is recognized in earnings immediately and reported in other income (expense) in our consolidated
statements of operations. There are no amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and there are no credit-risk-related
contingent features in our derivative agreements. 

   

 We monitor concentrations of credit risk associated
with financial and other institutions with which we conduct significant business. Credit risk, including but not limited to counterparty
non-performance under derivatives and our revolving credit facility, is not considered significant, as we primarily conduct business
with large, well-established financial institutions that we have established relationships with and that have credit risks acceptable
to us or the credit risk is spread out among a large number of creditors. We do not anticipate non-performance by any of our significant
counterparties. 

   

 The following table sets forth our derivatives measured
at fair value and discloses the balance sheet location (in thousands): 

   

 

 
 
         
         
     Asset     
     Liability   
 
       
     Balance
    Sheet location   
     December 31, 
    2015     
     December 31, 
    2014     
     December 31, 
    2015     
     December 31, 
    2014   
 
     Fuel swaps designated as hedging instruments   
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ 128,740     
     $ 111,304   
 
         
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Other long-term liabilities   
       —     
       190     
       132,494     
       77,250   
 
     Foreign currency forward contracts designated as hedging instruments   
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Other long-term assets   
       3,446     
       —     
       1,370     
       —   
 
         
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
       —     
       —     
       8,737     
       29,498   
 
         
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Other long-term liabilities   
       551     
       —     
       24,181     
       118   
 
     Foreign currency collar not designated as a hedging instrument   
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
       —     
       —     
       42,993     
       —   
 
         
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Other long-term liabilities   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       16,744   
 
     Interest rate swaps designated as hedging instruments   
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
       —     
       —     
       4,079     
       5,736   
 
         
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Other long-term liabilities   
       —     
       —     
       3,395     
       3,104   
 
     Interest rate swap not designated as a hedging instrument   
         
             
             
             
           
 
         
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       3,823   
 



   

 The fair values of swap and forward contracts are determined
based on inputs that are readily available in public markets or can be derived from information available in publicly quoted markets. The
Company determines the value of options and collars 

   


 
       F- 17   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 utilizing an option pricing model based on inputs that
are either readily available in public markets or can be derived from information available in publicly quoted markets. The option
pricing model used by the Company is an industry standard model for valuing options and is used by the broker/dealer community.
The inputs to this option pricing model are the option strike price, underlying price, risk-free rate of interest, time to expiration,
and volatility. The fair value of option contracts considers both the intrinsic value and any remaining time value associated with
those derivatives that have not yet settled. The Company also considers counterparty credit risk and its own credit risk in its
determination of all estimated fair values. Our derivatives and financial instruments were categorized as Level 2 in the fair value
hierarchy, and we had no derivatives or financial instruments categorized as Level 1 or Level 3. 

   

 Our derivative contracts include rights of offset with
our counterparties when right of offset exists. We have elected to net certain assets and liabilities within counterparties. We
are not required to post cash collateral related to our derivative instruments. 

   

 The following table discloses the gross and net amounts
recognized within assets and liabilities (in thousands): 

   

 
 
     December 31, 2015   
     Gross Amounts     
     Gross 
    Amounts  Offset     
     Total
    Net  Amounts     
     Gross 
    Amounts Not  Offset     
     Net Amounts   
 
         
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Assets   
     $ 3,446     
     $ (1,370 )   
     $ 2,076     
     $ (2,043 )   
     $ 33   
 
     Liabilities   
       344,619     
       (551 )   
       344,068     
       (336,645 )   
       7,423   
 

   

 
 
     December 31, 2014   
     Gross Amounts     
     Gross 
    Amounts  Offset     
     Total
    Net  Amounts     
     Gross 
    Amounts Not  Offset     
     Net Amounts   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Liabilities   
     $ 247,577     
     $ (190 )   
     $ 247,387     
     $ (59,023 )   
     $ 188,364   
 

   

 Fuel Swaps 

   

 As of December 31, 2015, we had fuel swaps maturing
through December 31, 2019 which are used to mitigate the financial impact of volatility in fuel prices pertaining to approximately
1.6 million metric tons of our projected fuel purchases. 

   

 The effects on the consolidated financial statements
of the fuel swaps which were designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) – effective portion   
     $ (173,513 )   
     $ (198,595 )   
     $ 8,532   
 
     Loss recognized in other income (expense) – ineffective portion   
       (16,011 )   
       (5,753 )   
       (345 ) 
 
     Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into fuel expense   
       75,808     
       8,388     
       (6,250 ) 
 

   

 During 2015 certain fuel swaps matured that were previously
designated as cash flow hedges and were dedesignated due to a change in our expected future fuel purchases mix. 

   

 The effects on the consolidated financial statements
of the fuel swaps which were dedesignated and recognized into earnings were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into other income (expense)   
     $ 10,000     
     $ —     
     $ —   
 
     Loss recognized in other income (expense)   
       (4,727 )   
       —     
       —   
 

   

 Fuel Collars and Options 

   

 We had fuel collars and fuel options maturing through
December 2014 which were used to mitigate the financial impact of volatility in fuel prices of our fuel purchases. The effects
on the consolidated financial statements of the fuel collars which were designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Loss recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) – effective portion   
     $ —     
     $ (1,024 )   
     $ (1,152 ) 
 
     Loss recognized in other income (expense) – ineffective portion   
       —     
       (292 )   
       (26 ) 
 
     Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into fuel expense   
       248     
       1,888     
       1,547   
 

   


 
       F- 18   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 The effects on the consolidated financial statements
of the fuel options which were not designated as hedging instruments were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Gain (loss) recognized in other income (expense)   
     $ —     
     $ (864 )   
     $ 1,340   
 

   

 Foreign Currency Options  

   

 We had foreign currency options that matured through
January 2014, which consisted of call options with deferred premiums. These options were used to mitigate the financial impact
of volatility in foreign currency exchange rates related to our ship construction contracts denominated in euros. If the spot rate
at the date the ships were delivered was less than the strike price under these option contracts, we would have paid the deferred
premium and would not exercise the foreign currency options. The effects on the consolidated financial statements of the foreign
currency options which were designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Loss recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) – effective portion   
     $ —     
     $ (1,157 )   
     $ (3,304 ) 
 
     Loss recognized in other income (expense) – ineffective portion   
       —     
       (241 )   
       (97 ) 
 
     Amount reclassified from accumulated comprehensive income (loss) into depreciation and amortization expense   
       1,320     
       1,269     
       470   
 

   

 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts  

   

 As of December 31, 2015, we had foreign currency
forward contracts which are used to mitigate the financial impact of volatility in foreign currency exchange rates related to our
ship construction contracts and forecasted Dry-dock payments denominated in euros. The notional amount of our foreign currency
forward contracts was €1.1 billion, or $1.2 billion based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2015. 

   

 The effects on the consolidated financial statements
of the foreign currency forward contracts which were designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Loss recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) – effective portion   
     $ (84,187 )   
     $ (30,686 )   
     $ (2,983 ) 
 
     Gain (loss) recognized in other income (expense) – ineffective portion   
       (343 )   
       (7 )   
       67   
 
     Amount reclassified from accumulated comprehensive income (loss) into depreciation and amortization expense   
       116     
       (243 )   
       (84 ) 
 

   

 The effects on the consolidated financial statements
of the foreign currency forward contracts which were not designated as hedging instruments were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Gain recognized in other income (expense)   
     $ 684     
     $ —     
     $ 20   
 

   

 Foreign Currency Collar  

   

 We had a foreign currency collar that matured in January
2014, which was used to mitigate the volatility of foreign currency exchange rates related to our ship construction contracts denominated
in euros. The effects on the consolidated financial statements of the foreign currency collar which was designated as a cash flow
hedge was as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) – effective portion   
     $ —     
     $ (1,588 )   
     $ 4,350   
 
     Amount reclassified from accumulated comprehensive income (loss) into depreciation and amortization expense   
       (364 )   
       (333 )   
       —   
 

   

 As of December 31, 2015, we had a foreign currency
collar used to mitigate the volatility of foreign currency exchange rates related to our ship construction contracts denominated
in euros. The notional amount of our foreign currency collar was €274.4 million, or $298.1 million based on the euro/U.S.
dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2015. The effects on the consolidated financial statements of the foreign currency
collar which was not designated as a hedging instrument was as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Loss recognized in other income (expense)   
     $ (26,249 )   
     $ (6,980 )   
     $ —   
 

   


 
       F- 19   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Interest Rate Swaps  

   

 As of December 31, 2015, we had interest rate swap
agreements to hedge our exposure to interest rate movements and to manage our interest expense. The notional amount of outstanding
debt associated with the interest rate swap agreements was $715.9 million. 

   

 The effects on the consolidated financial statements
of the interest rates swaps which were designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Loss recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) – effective portion   
     $ (5,152 )   
     $ (5,386 )   
     $ (3,196 ) 
 
     Loss recognized in other income (expense) – ineffective portion   
       (23 )   
       —     
       —   
 
     Amount reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss) into interest expense, net   
       4,614     
       2,385     
       189   
 

   

 The effects on the consolidated financial statements
of the interest rates swap contract which was not designated as a hedging instrument was as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Loss recognized in other income (expense)   
     $ (2 )   
     $ (3 )   
     $ —   
 

   

 Other  

   

 The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance
sheets of all other financial assets and liabilities approximate fair value. 

   

 Long-Term Debt  

   

 As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the fair value
of our long-term debt, including the current portion, was $6,495.5 million and $6,229.1 million, respectively, which was $6.6 million
lower and $45.0 million higher, respectively, than the carrying values. The difference between the fair value and carrying value
of our long-term debt is due to our fixed and variable rate debt obligations carrying interest rates that are above or below market
rates at the measurement dates. The fair value of our long-term debt was calculated based on estimated rates for the same or similar
instruments with similar terms and remaining maturities resulting in Level 2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. Market risk associated
with our long-term variable rate debt is the potential increase in interest expense from an increase in interest rates. The calculation
of the fair value of our long-term debt is considered a Level 2 input. 

   

 Non-recurring Measurements of Non-financial Assets
 

   

 Goodwill and other indefinite-lived assets, principally
tradenames, are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or earlier if there is an event or change in circumstances that would
indicate that the carrying value of these assets could not be fully recovered. 

   

 We believe our estimates and judgments with respect
to our long-lived assets, principally ships, and goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are reasonable. Nonetheless,
if there was a material change in assumptions used in the determination of such fair values or if there is a material change in
the conditions or circumstances that influence such assets, we could be required to record an impairment charge. We estimate fair
value based on the best information available making whatever estimates, judgments and projections considered necessary. For our
Step I Test, the estimation of fair value measured by discounting expected future cash flows at discount rates commensurate with
the risk involved are considered Level 3 inputs. As of December 31, 2015, our annual review supports the carrying value of
these assets. As of December 31, 2014, goodwill increased $985.1 million and intangible assets increased $800.0 million due to
the Acquisition of Prestige (we refer you to Note 4—“The Acquisition of Prestige”). 

   

 
 10. Employee Benefits and Share Option Plans 

   

 Management NCL Corporation Units  

   

 In 2009, we adopted a profits sharing agreement which
authorized us to grant profits interests in the Company to certain key employees. These interests generally vested with the holders
based on a combination of performance-based and time-based vesting metrics, each as specified in the profits sharing agreement
and each holder’s award agreement. Genting HK, the Apollo Holders and the TPG Viking Funds were entitled to initially receive
any distributions made by the Company, pro-rata based on their shareholdings in the Company. Once Genting HK, the Apollo Holders
and the TPG Viking Funds received distributions in excess of certain hurdle amounts specified in the profits sharing agreement
and each holder’s award agreement, each vested profits interest award generally entitled the holder of such award to a portion
of such excess distribution amount. In connection with the Corporate Reorganization, NCLC’s outstanding profits interests
granted under its profits sharing agreement to management (or former management) of NCLC were exchanged for an economically equivalent
number of NCL Corporation Units. We refer to the NCL Corporation Units exchanged for profits interests granted under the profits
sharing agreement as 

   


 
       F- 20   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 “Management NCL Corporation Units.” The
Management NCL Corporation Units received upon the exchange of outstanding profits interests were subject to the same time-based
vesting requirements and performance-based vesting requirements applicable to the profits interests for which they were exchanged. 

   

 We accounted for the exchange of the outstanding profits
interests for the economically equivalent number of Management NCL Corporation Units and share-based option awards as an award
modification. An award modification requires that the fair value of the awards immediately before the modification and immediately
after the modification be determined. We engaged a third-party valuation firm to assist in the completion of a valuation which
was derived using a binomial lattice model. It was determined that the post-modification award value derived greater value versus
the pre-modification award value, resulting in the recognition of incremental compensation expense. At the date of award modification,
approximately $5.5 million of incremental cost associated with vested awards was charged to share-based compensation, with the
remaining unvested portion to be charged over the remaining vesting period. 

   

 The Management NCL Corporation Units, generally consisted
of fifty percent of “Time-Based Units” (“TBUs”) and fifty percent of “Performance-Based Units”
(“PBUs”). The TBUs generally vested over five years and upon a distribution event, the vesting amount of the PBUs was
based on the amount of proceeds that are realized above certain hurdles. 

   

 In the fourth quarter of 2014, all Management NCL Corporation
Units were exchanged for NCLH ordinary shares and restricted shares under a management exchange agreement (the “Management
Exchange Agreement”). NCLH became the sole member and 100% owner of the economic interests in NCLC and the non-controlling
interest no longer exists as of December 31, 2014. Accordingly, NCLC is now treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. No new NCLC profits interests or Management NCL Corporation Units will be issued; however, NCLH has granted, and
expects to continue to grant, equity to its employees and members of its Board of Directors under its long-term incentive plan.
The exchange for NCLH ordinary shares and restricted shares, per the Management Exchange Agreement, resulted in no incremental
expense after applying the modification accounting treatment as substantially all key terms and conditions remained consistent. 

   

 The termination of employment may result in forfeiture
of any non-vested TBUs and all PBUs. TBUs that were vested can be either continued by the Company or cancelled and paid to the
employee. Cancellation could take place any time after termination but not before two years after the grant date. 

   

 As a result of the secondary offering during August
2015, the last hurdle amount specified in the profits sharing agreement was reached and as such all outstanding PBUs vested. 

   

 Share Option Awards  

   

 In January 2013, the Company adopted a 2013 performance
incentive plan which provides for the issuance of up to 15,035,106 of NCLH’s share options and ordinary shares, with no more
than 5,000,000 shares being granted to one individual in any calendar year. Share options are generally granted with an exercise
price equal to the closing market price of NCLH shares at the date of grant. The vesting period is typically set at 3, 4 or 5 years
with a contractual life ranging from 7 to 10 years. Forfeited awards are added back to the approved reserve. 

   

 In July 2015, we granted 3.5 million share option awards
to our employees at an exercise price of $56.19 with a contractual term of ten years. The share options vest equally over three
years. 

   

 In August 2015, we granted 0.7 million share option
awards to our employees at an exercise price of $59.43 with a contractual term of ten years. The share options vest equally over
three years. In addition, on August 4, 2015, we entered into an amendment to the employment agreement with our President and Chief
Executive Officer pursuant to which we awarded 625,000 time-based share option awards, 416,667 performance-based share option awards
and 208,333 market-based share option awards at an exercise price of $59.43 and contractual term of ten years. The time-based share
option awards vest 50% on June 30, 2017 and 50% on June 30, 2019. The performance-based and market-based share option awards vest
upon the achievement of certain performance and market-related metrics during the term of the employment agreement. 

   

 The performance-based awards are subject to performance
conditions such that the number of awards that ultimately vest depends on the Adjusted EPS and adjusted return on invested capital
(“Adjusted ROIC”) achieved by the Company during the performance period compared to targets established at the award
date. Because the terms of the performance-based awards provide discretion to make certain adjustments to the performance calculation,
the service inception date of these awards precedes the grant date. Accordingly, the Company recognizes compensation expense beginning
on the service inception date and remeasures the fair value of the awards until a grant date is established. The estimate of the
awards’ fair value will be fixed in the period in which the grant date occurs, and cumulative compensation expense will be
adjusted based on the fair value at the grant date. 

   

 The fair value of each time-based option award is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The estimated fair value of the share options, less estimated
forfeitures, is amortized over the vesting period using the straight-line vesting method. The assumptions used within the option-pricing
model for the time-based awards are as follows: 


 
       F- 21   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 
       
     2015 
       
     2014 
       
       
     2013 
 
     Dividend yield 
     —% 
       
     —% 
       
       
     —% 
 
     Expected share price volatility 
     32.32%-45.33% 
       
     48.30%-49.90% 
       
       
     50.40%-54.80% 
 
     Risk-free interest rate 
     1.34%-1.92% 
       
     1.80%-2.02% 
       
       
     0.8%-1.82% 
 
     Expected term 
     6.00-6.50 years 
       
     6.25 years 
       
       
     5.00-6.25 years 
 
   

 Expected volatility was determined based on the historical
share prices in our industry. The risk-free rate was based on U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the
expected option term at grant date. The expected term was calculated under the simplified method. Our forfeiture assumption is
derived from historical turnover rates and those estimates are revised as appropriate to reflect the actual forfeiture results. 

   

 As a grant date is not established for the performance-based
awards, their fair value is estimated on the last date of the reporting period using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The
estimated fair value of the share options is amortized over the requisite service period using the straight-line vesting method.
The assumptions used within the option-pricing model for the performance-based awards for which share-based compensation was recognized
during 2015 are as follows: 

   

 
 
       
     2015 
       
 
     Dividend yield 
     0% 
       
 
     Expected share price volatility 
     29.31%-29.86% 
       
 
     Risk-free interest rate 
     1.76% 
       
 
     Expected term 
     4.88-5.38 years 
       
 
   

 Expected volatility was determined based on the historical
share prices in our industry. The risk-free rate was based on U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the
expected option term at grant date. The expected term was calculated under the simplified method. 

   

 The fair value of the market-based share option awards
is estimated using a Monte-Carlo model which values financial instruments whose value is dependent on share price by sampling random
paths for share price. The key inputs for the simulation include current share price, risk free rate, and share price volatility.
For each simulated path, the model checks if the simulated share price reaches the vesting threshold during the performance period.
For each path that reaches the vesting threshold, the payoff upon vesting is calculated. The fair value of the equity grant is
determined by averaging the expected payoff across all simulated paths and discounting the average to the valuation date. 

   

 The below table summarizes the key inputs used in the
Monte-Carlo simulation: 

   

 
 
       
     2015 
       
 
     Dividend yield 
     0% 
       
 
     Expected share price volatility 
     30.00% 
       
 
     Risk-free interest rate 
     1.34% 
       
 
     Expected term 
     Mid-point from vesting to assumed options expiration 
       
 
   

 Expected volatility was determined based on the historical
share prices in our industry. The risk-free rate was based on U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the
remaining term of the measurement period. 

   

 The following is a summary of share option activity under
our share option plan for the year ended December 31, 2015 (excludes the impact of 416,667 performance based awards as no
grant date has been established):   

   

 
 
         
     Number
    of Share Option  Awards     
     Weighted-Average Exercise 
    Price     
     Weighted- 
    Average  Contractual Term     
     Aggregate   Intrinsic Value   
 
         
     Time- 
    Based  Awards     
     Performance- 
    Based  Awards     
     Market- 
    Based  Awards     
     Time- 
    Based  Awards     
     Performance- 
    Based  Awards     
     Market- 
    Based  Awards     
     (years)     
     (in
    thousands)   
 
     Outstanding as of January 1,
    2015   
       6,079,881     
       1,457,314     
       —     
     $  29.92     
     $ 19.00     
     $   —     
       7.61     
     $  142,831   
 
     Granted   
       5,130,000     
       —     
       208,333     
       56.64     
       —     
       59.43     
       —     
       —   
 
     Exercised   
       (2,144,702 )   
       (546,951 )   
       —     
       27.39     
       19.00     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Forfeited
    and cancelled   
       (1,363,108 )   
       (477,611 )   
       —     
       37.49     
       19.00     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Outstanding as of
    December 31, 2015   
       7,702,071     
       432,752     
       208,333     
     $ 47.35     
     $ 19.00     
     $ 59.43     
       8.59     
     $ 104,864   
 
     Vested and expected to vest as of December
    31, 2015   
       7,351,098     
       432,752     
       208,333     
     $ 47.22     
     $ 19.00     
     $ 59.43     
       8.47     
     $ 101,824   
 
     Exercisable as of December 31, 2015   
       808,794     
       432,752     
       —     
     $ 29.23     
     $ 19.00     
     $ —     
       5.84     
     $ 40,890   
 

   


 
       F- 22   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of time-based
options granted during the years 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $20.90, $16.86 and $6.38 respectively. The weighted-average reporting
period date fair value of performance-based options for which share-based compensation was recognized during 2015 was $17.07. The
weighted-average grant-date fair value of market-based options granted during the year 2015 was $12.37. The total intrinsic value
of share options exercised during the year 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $68.0 million, $4.5 million and $1.4 million and total cash
received by the Company from exercises was $69.1 million, $6.1 million and $2.0 million, respectively. As of December 31,
2015, there was approximately $106.1 million, $0, and $2.0 million of total unrecognized compensation cost net of estimate forfeitures,
related to time-based, performance-based with an established grant date, and market-based options, respectively, granted under
our share-based incentive plans which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.57 years, 0 years, and 1.95
years, respectively. 

   

 Restricted Ordinary Share Awards  

   

 The following is a summary of restricted share activity
of NCLH shares for the year ended December 31, 2015: 

   

 
 
         
     Number
    of  Time-Based  Awards     
     Weighted- 
    Average Grant  Date Fair Value     
     Number
    of  Performance-  Based Awards     
     Weighted- 
    Average Grant  Date Fair Value   
 
     Non-vested as of January 1, 2015   
       196,644     
     $ 3.43     
       1,208,608     
     $ 3.37   
 
     Granted   
       6,881     
       50.23     
       —     
       —   
 
     Vested   
       (83,958 )   
       6.68     
       (620,739 )   
       3.92   
 
     Forfeited or expired   
       (75,914 )   
       2.68     
       (587,869 )   
       2.79   
 
         
             
             
             
           
 
     Non-vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2015   
       43,653     
     $ 5.87     
       —     
     $ —   
 

   

 As of December 31, 2015, there was $0.2 million
of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted ordinary share awards. The cost is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of 1.2 years. Restricted shares, with the exception of those related to the Management Exchange
Agreement, which maintain their original vesting conditions of time and performance, vest in substantially equal quarterly installments
over 1 or 2 years or in annual installments over 4 years. The total fair value of shares vested during the year ended December 31,
2015 was $40.9 million. 

   

 Restricted Share Units (“RSUs”) 

   

 On August 4, 2015, we entered into an amendment to the
employment agreement with our President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to which we awarded 150,000 time-based RSUs, 100,000
performance-based RSUs and 50,000 market-based RSUs. 

   

 The time-based RSUs vest equally on June 30, 2016, 2017,
2018 and 2019, respectively. The performance-based and market-based RSUs vest upon the achievement of certain performance and market-related
metrics during the term of the employment agreement. 

   

 The fair value of the time-based and performance-based
RSUs is equal to the closing market price of NCLH shares at the date of grant. 

   

 The performance-based RSUs are subject to performance conditions
such that the number of awards that ultimately vest depends on the Adjusted EPS and Adjusted ROIC achieved by the Company during
the performance period compared to targets established at the award date. Because the terms of the performance-based awards provide
discretion to make certain adjustments to the performance calculation, the service inception date of these awards precedes the
grant date. Accordingly, the Company recognizes share-based compensation expense beginning on the service inception date and remeasures
the fair value of the awards until a grant date occurs. The estimate of the awards’ fair value will be fixed in the period
in which the grant date occurs, and cumulative share-based compensation expense will be adjusted based on the fair value at the
grant date. 

   

 The fair value of the market-based RSUs is estimated
using a Monte-Carlo model which values financial instruments whose value is dependent on share price by sampling random paths for
share price. The key inputs for the simulation include current share price, risk free rate, and share price volatility. For each
simulated path, the model checks if the simulated share price reaches the vesting threshold during the performance period. For
each path that reaches the vesting threshold, the payoff upon vesting is calculated. The fair value of the equity grant is determined
by averaging the expected payoff across all simulated paths and discounting the average to the valuation date. 

   

 The below table summarizes the key inputs used in the
Monte-Carlo simulation: 

   


 
       F- 23   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 
       
     2015 
       
 
     Dividend yield 
     0% 
       
 
     Expected share price volatility 
     30.00% 
       
 
     Risk-free interest rate 
     1.34% 
       
 
     Expected term 
     Mid-point from vesting to assumed awards expiration 
       
 
   

 Expected volatility was determined based on the historical
share prices in our industry. The risk-free rate was based on U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the
remaining term of the measurement period. 

   

 The following is a summary of the RSUs activity for the
year ended December 31, 2015 (excludes the impact of 100,000 performance-based RSUs as no grant date was established):   

   

 
 
         
     Number
    of  Time-Based  Awards     
     Weighted- 
    Average Grant  Date Fair Value     
     Number
    of  Market-Based  Awards     
     Weighted- 
    Average Grant  Date Fair  Value   
 
     Non-vested as of January 1, 2015   
             
             
             
           
 
     Granted   
       150,000     
     $ 59.43     
       50,000     
     $ 59.43   
 
     Vested   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Forfeited or expired   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Non-vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2015   
       150,000     
     $ 59.43     
       50,000     
     $ 59.43   
 

   

 As of December 31, 2015, there was $7.9 million
and $1.1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested time-based and market-based RSUs, respectively.
The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.50 years and 1.54 years, respectively, for the time-based
and market-based RSUs. 

   

 The share-based compensation expense for the years ended
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $41.8 million, $20.6 million, which includes $6.0 million of non-recurring charges associated
with the Management Exchange Agreement and $23.1 million, which includes $18.5 million of non-recurring charges associated with
the Corporate Reorganization, respectively, and was recorded in marketing general and administrative expense. 

   

 Employee Benefit Plans  

   

 We maintain annual incentive bonus plans for our executive
officers and other key employees. Bonuses under these plans become earned and payable based on the Company’s performance
during the applicable performance period and the individual’s continued employment. Company performance criteria include
the attainment of certain financial targets and other strategic objectives. 

   

 Certain employees are employed pursuant to agreements
that provide for severance payments. Severance is generally only payable upon an involuntary termination of the employment by us
without cause or a termination by the employee for good reason. Severance generally includes a cash payment based on the employee’s
base salary (and in some cases, bonus), and our payment of the employee’s continued medical benefits for the applicable severance
period. 

   

 We maintain a 401(k) Plan for our shoreside employees,
including our executive officers. Participants may contribute up to 100% of eligible compensation each pay period, subject to certain
limitations. We make matching contributions equal to 100% of the first 3% and 50% of amounts greater than 3% to and including 10%
of each participant’s contributions subject to certain limitations. In addition, we may make discretionary supplemental contributions
to the Plan, which shall be allocated to each eligible participant on a pro-rata basis based on the compensation of the participant
to the total compensation of all participants. Our matching contributions are vested according to a five-year schedule. The 401(k)
Plan is subject to the provisions of ERISA and is intended to be qualified under section 401(a) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code
(the “Code”). 

   

 Our contributions are reduced by contributions forfeited
by those employees who leave the 401(k) Plan prior to vesting fully in the contributions. Forfeited contributions of $0.4 million,
$0.1 million and $0.1 million were utilized in the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

   

 We maintained a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
(“SERP”), which is a legacy unfunded defined contribution plan for certain executives who were employed by the Company
in an executive capacity prior to 2008. The SERP was frozen to future participation following that date. The SERP provided for
Company contributions on behalf of the participants to compensate them for the benefits that are limited under the 401(k) Plan.
We credited participants under the SERP for amounts that would have been contributed by us to the Company’s previous Defined
Contribution Retirement Plan and the former 401(k) Plan without regard to any limitations imposed by the Code. Participants did
not make any elective contributions under this plan. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the aggregate balance of participants’
deferred compensation accounts under the SERP Plan 

   


 
       F- 24   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 was $0.5 million and $0.4 million, respectively. We
have discontinued this plan following the 2015 contributions and will pay the deferred contributions to participants in early 2017
following the expiration of the required twelve month period. 

   

 We recorded expenses related to the above 401(k) Plan
and SERP of $5.3 million, $3.7 million and $3.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

   

 We maintained a Senior Management Retirement Savings
Plan (“SMRSP”), which was a legacy unfunded defined contribution plan for certain employees who were employed by the
Company prior to 2001. The SMRSP provided for Company contributions on behalf of the participants to compensate them for the difference
between the qualified plan benefits that were previously available under the Company’s cash balance pension plan and the
redesigned 401(k) Plan. We credited participants under the SMRSP Plan for the difference in the amount that would have been contributed
by us to the Company’s previous Norwegian Cruise Line Pension Plan and the qualified plan maximums of the new 401(k) Plan.
We have discontinued this plan following the 2015 contributions and will pay the deferred contributions to participants in early
2017 following the expiration of the required twelve month period. 

   

 Effective January 2009, we implemented the Shipboard
Retirement Plan which computes benefits based on years of service, subject to eligibility requirements of the Shipboard Retirement
Plan. The Shipboard Retirement Plan is unfunded with no plan assets. The current portion of the projected benefit obligation of
$1.1 million and $0.9 million was included in accrued expenses and other liabilities as of December 31, 2015 and 2014,
respectively and $20.0 million and $18.8 million was included in other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance
sheet as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The amounts related to the Shipboard Retirement Plan were as follows
(in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     As of or for the Year Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Pension expense:   
             
             
           
 
     Service cost   
     $ 1,793     
     $ 1,393     
     $ 1,498   
 
     Interest cost   
       738     
       728     
       603   
 
     Amortization of prior service cost   
       378     
       378     
       378   
 
     Amortization of actuarial loss   
       99     
       —     
       90   
 
     Total pension expense   
     $ 3,008     
     $ 2,499     
     $ 2,569   
 
     Change in projected benefit obligation:   
             
             
           
 
     Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year   
     $ 19,730     
     $ 15,570     
     $ 16,221   
 
     Service cost   
       1,793     
       1,393     
       1,498   
 
     Interest cost   
       738     
       728     
       603   
 
     Actuarial gain (loss)   
       (625 )   
       2,689     
       (2,070 ) 
 
     Direct benefit payments   
       (558 )   
       (650 )   
       (682 ) 
 
     Projected benefit obligation at end of year   
     $ 21,078     
     $ 19,730     
     $ 15,570   
 
     Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets:   
             
             
           
 
     Projected benefit obligation   
     $ 21,078     
     $ 19,730     
     $ 15,570   
 

   

 
 
         
     As of or for the Year Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss):   
             
             
           
 
     Prior service cost   
     $ (5,293 )   
     $ (5,671 )   
     $ (6,049 ) 
 
     Accumulated actuarial loss   
       (3,126 )   
       (3,849 )   
       (1,160 ) 
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   
     $ (8,419 )   
     $ (9,520 )   
     $ (7,209 ) 
 

   

 The discount rates used in the net periodic benefit
cost calculation for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were 3.8%, 4.8% and 3.8%, respectively, and
the actuarial loss is amortized over 18.95 years. The discount rate is used to measure and recognize obligations, including adjustments
to other comprehensive income (loss), and to determine expense during the periods. It is determined by using bond indices which
reflect yields on a broad maturity and industry universe of high-quality corporate bonds. 

   

 The pension benefits expected to be paid in each of
the next five years and in aggregate for the five years thereafter are as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
     Year   
     Amount   
 
     2016   
     $ 1,128   
 
     2017   
       1,079   
 
     2018   
       1,092   
 
     2019   
       1,170   
 
     2020   
       1,211   
 
     Next five years   
       7,750   
 

   


 
       F- 25   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) 

   

 In April 2014, the Company’s shareholders approved
the ESPP. The purpose of the ESPP is to provide eligible employees with an opportunity to purchase NCLH’s ordinary shares
at a favorable price and upon favorable terms in consideration of the participating employees’ continued services. A maximum
of 2,000,000 of the Company’s ordinary shares may be purchased under the ESPP. To be eligible to participate in an offering
period, on the Grant Date of that period, an individual must be customarily employed by the Company or a participating subsidiary
for more than twenty hours per week and for more than five months per calendar year. Participation in the ESPP is also subject
to certain limitations. The ESPP is considered to be compensatory based on: a) the 15% purchase price discount and b) the look-back
purchase price feature. Since the plan is compensatory, compensation expense must be recorded in the consolidated statements of
operations on a straight-line basis over the six-month withholding period. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013,
the compensation expense was $0.4 million, $90 thousand and $0 respectively. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, we had a $1.1 million
and $0.3 million liability, respectively, for payroll withholdings received. 

   

 Other Employee Matters 

   

 On January 8, 2015, Kevin M. Sheehan resigned as President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, together with all of his positions and offices with the Company and its subsidiaries
or affiliates, effective immediately. In connection with Mr. Sheehan’s resignation from the Company, Mr. Sheehan and the
Company entered into a Separation Agreement and Release (the “Separation Agreement”). The Separation Agreement sets
forth the terms of Mr. Sheehan’s resignation from the Company, including, among other things, a general release of claims
in favor of the Company and certain non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality and cooperation undertakings. The Separation
Agreement also provides that Mr. Sheehan will receive (i) all of his accrued and unpaid base salary (and accrued and unpaid vacation
time) through January 8, 2015 (the “Effective Date”), (ii) his previously approved bonus payment for fiscal year 2014
of $1,627,500, (iii) a one-time cash separation payment in an amount equal to his base salary and target bonus and (iv) vesting
of a portion of his outstanding unvested equity-based awards as of the Effective Date, and all remaining unvested equity-based
awards shall immediately terminate, expire and be forfeited as of the Effective Date. This resulted in a total severance expense
of $13.4 million of which $8.2 million was due to the acceleration of the equity-based awards which was recorded in marketing,
general and administrative expense in January 2015. 

   

 Frank J. Del Rio was appointed President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company as of January 8, 2015. 

   

 
 11. Income Taxes 

   

 We are incorporated in Bermuda. Under current Bermuda
law, we are not subject to tax on income and capital gains. We have received from the Minister of Finance under The Exempted Undertakings
Tax Protection Act 1966, as amended, an assurance that, in the event that Bermuda enacts legislation imposing tax computed on profits,
income, any capital asset, gain or appreciation, or any tax in the nature of estate duty or inheritance, then the imposition of
any such tax shall not be applicable to us or to any of our operations or shares, debentures or other obligations, until March 31,
2035. All of our net income before income tax benefit (expense) is from foreign operations. 

   

 The components of net income before income taxes consist
of the following (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended 
    December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Bermuda   
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ —   
 
     Foreign - Other   
       433,909     
       340,334     
       114,688   
 
     Net income before income taxes   
       433,909     
       340,334     
       114,688   
 

   

 The components of the provision for income taxes consisted
of the following (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended 
    December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Current:   
             
             
           
 
     Bermuda   
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ —   
 
     United States   
       (4,621 )   
       9,162     
       (8,098 ) 
 
     Foreign - Other   
       (882 )   
       (3,278 )   
       (860 ) 
 
     Total current:   
       (5,503 )   
       5,884     
       (8,958 ) 
 
     Deferred:   
             
             
           
 
     Bermuda   
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     United States   
       (1,269 )   
       (3,617 )   
       (2,844 ) 
 
     Foreign - Other   
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Total deferred:   
       (1,269 )   
       (3,617 )   
       (2,844 ) 
 
     Income tax benefit (expense)   
     $ (6,772 )   
     $ 2,267     
     $ (11,802 ) 
 

   


 
       F- 26   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 Our reconciliation of income tax benefit (expense) computed by applying
our Bermuda statutory rate and reported income tax expense was as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     Year
    Ended  December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2013   
 
     Tax at Bermuda statutory rate   
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ —   
 
     Foreign income taxes at different rates   
       (7,864 )   
       (2,813 )   
       (14,020 ) 
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Benefit from global tax platform(1)   
       —     
       —     
       6,074   
 
     Tax contingencies   
       (283 )   
       (275 )   
       (1,394 ) 
 
     Return to provision adjustments   
       1,370     
       14,444     
       —   
 
     Benefit (expense) from change in tax status   
       5     
       1,462     
       (2,462 ) 
 
     Valuation allowance   
       —     
       (10,551 )   
       —   
 
     Income tax benefit (expense)   
     $ (6,772 )   
     $ 2,267     
     $ (11,802 ) 
 

   

   

 

 
 (1) During 2013, we implemented a restructuring plan to provide a global tax platform for international expansion. As part of the
plan, the Company became a tax resident of the U.K. As such, it qualifies for relief from U.S. Branch Profits taxes under the U.S.-U.K.
Tax Treaty. In addition, the restructuring resulted in additional interest and depreciation which reduced the Company’s overall
income tax expense. 

   

 Deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows: 

   

 
 
         
     As
    of December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Deferred tax assets:   
             
           
 
     Loss carryforwards   
     $ 85,939     
     $ 77,031   
 
     Shares in foreign subsidiary   
       —     
       17,808   
 
     Other   
       1,460     
       1,121   
 
     Valuation allowance   
       (61,437 )   
       (81,704 ) 
 
     Total net deferred assets   
       25,962     
       14,256   
 
     Deferred tax liabilities:   
             
           
 
     Property and equipment   
       (33,862 )   
       (20,888 ) 
 
     Total deferred tax liabilities   
       (33,862 )   
       (20,888 ) 
 
     Net deferred tax liability   
     $ (7,900 )   
     $ (6,632 ) 
 

   

 We have U.S. net operating loss carryforwards of $197.0
million and $158.6 million, for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which begin to expire in 2023. We have
U.S. state jurisdiction net operating loss carryforwards of $10.7 million and $24.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014, respectively, which expire in the years 2025 through 2035. In 2014, based on the weight of available evidence, we recorded
a valuation allowance of $10.6 million with respect to the U.S. deferred tax assets of one of our U.S. subsidiaries. 

   

 Included above are deferred tax assets associated with
our operations in Norway for which we have provided a full valuation allowance. We have Norway net operating loss carryforwards
of $35.1 million and $58.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which can be carried forward indefinitely. 

   

 On November 19, 2014, we acquired the stock of Prestige.
Included above are deferred tax assets associated with Prestige, including net operating loss carryforwards of $126.9 million and
104.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which begin to expire in 2023, and state net operating
loss carryforwards of nil and $0.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. In prior years, we recorded
a valuation allowance of $36.5 million with respect to the Prestige deferred tax assets based on the weight of available evidence.
Section 382 of the Code (“Section 382”) may limit the amount of taxable income that can be offset by the Prestige NOL
carryforwards. 

   

 As a result of the Corporate Reorganization in 2013,
we obtained certain U.S. net operating losses of our shareholders. These loss carryforwards were subject to Section 382 which may
limit the amount of taxable income that can be offset by NOL carryforwards after a change in control (generally greater than 50%
change in ownership). We do not expect the Section 382 limitation to materially impact the deferred tax asset as it relates to
the NOL. 

   


 
       F- 27   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 The following is a tabular reconciliation of the total
amounts of unrecognized tax benefits (in thousands): 

   

 
 
         
     As
    of December 31,   
 
         
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Unrecognized tax benefits, beginning of the year   
     $ 11,174     
     $ 10,894   
 
     Gross increases in tax positions from prior periods   
       —     
       —   
 
     Gross decreases in tax positions from prior periods   
       —     
       —   
 
     Gross increases in tax positions from current periods   
       —     
       280   
 
     Settlement of tax positions   
       —     
       —   
 
     Lapse of statute of limitations   
       —     
       —   
 
     Unrecognized tax benefits, end of year   
     $ 11,174     
     $ 11,174   
 

   

 If the $11.2 million unrecognized tax benefits at December 31,
2015 were recognized, our effective tax rate would be affected. We believe that there will not be a significant increase or decrease
to the tax positions within 12 months of the reporting date. We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
in income tax expense. 

   

 We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction,
various U.S. state jurisdictions and foreign jurisdictions. We are generally no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local,
or non-U.S. income tax examinations by authorities for years prior to 2011, except for years in which NOLs generated prior to 2011
are utilized. 

   

 Due to our international structure as well as the existence
of international tax treaties that exempt taxation on certain activities, the repatriation of earnings from our subsidiaries would
have no tax impact. 

   

 We derive our income from the international operation
of ships. We are engaged in a trade or business in the U.S. and receive income from sources within the U.S. Under Section 883,
certain foreign corporations are exempt from U. S. federal income or branch profits tax on U.S.-source income derived from or incidental
to the international operation of ships. Applicable U.S. treasury regulations provide that a foreign corporation will qualify for
the benefits of Section 883 if, in relevant part: (i) the foreign country in which the corporation is organized grants an equivalent
exemption for income from the operation of ships of sufficiently broad scope to corporations organized in the U.S., and (ii) the
foreign corporation has one or more classes of stock that are “primarily and regularly traded on an established securities
market” in the U.S. or another qualifying country. We believe that we quality for the benefits of Section 883 because we
are incorporated in qualifying countries and our ordinary shares are primarily and regularly traded on an established securities
market in the U.S. 

   

 
 12. Commitments and Contingencies  

   

 Operating Leases  

   

 Total expense under non-cancelable operating lease commitments,
primarily for offices, motor vehicles and office equipment was $12.6 million, $9.2 million and $9.4 million for the years ended
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. As of December 31, 2015, minimum annual rentals for non-cancelable leases
with initial or remaining terms in excess of one year were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
     Year   
     Amount   
 
     2016   
     $ 12,448   
 
     2017   
       13,606   
 
     2018   
       13,662   
 
     2019   
       13,660   
 
     2020   
       14,490   
 
     Thereafter   
       88,814   
 
     Total minimum annual rentals   
     $ 156,680   
 

   

 Rental payments applicable to such operating leases are
recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 

   

 Ship Construction Contracts  

   

 We have orders with Meyer Werft for three Breakaway
Plus Class Ships for delivery in the spring of 2017, spring of 2018 and fall of 2019. These ships will be the largest in our fleet,
reaching approximately 164,600 Gross Tons and approximately 4,100 to 4,350 Berths each and will be similar in design and innovation
to our Breakaway Class Ships. The combined contract price of these three ships is approximately €2.5 billion, or $2.7 billion
based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2015. We have export credit financing in place that provides financing
for 80% of their contract prices. We also have a contract with Fincantieri shipyard to build a cruise ship to be named Seven
Seas Explorer. The original contract price of this ship is approximately €343.0 million, or approximately $372.6
million, based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2015. We have export credit financing in place that
provides financing for 80% of the ship’s contract price. Seven Seas Explorer is expected to be delivered in the summer of
2016. 

   

 In connection with the contracts to build the ships,
we do not anticipate any contractual breaches or cancellation to occur. However, if any would occur, it could result in, among
other things, the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us and potential claims and impairment losses which may materially
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   


 
       F- 28   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 As of December 31, 2015, minimum annual payments
for non-cancelable ship construction contracts with initial or remaining terms in excess of one year were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
     Year   
     Amount   
 
     2016   
     $ 536,815   
 
     2017   
       806,681   
 
     2018   
       890,447   
 
     2019   
       758,114   
 
     2020   
       —   
 
     Thereafter   
       —   
 
     Total minimum annual payments   
     $ 2,992,057   
 

   

 Port Facility Commitments  

   

 As of December 31, 2015, future commitments to
pay for usage of certain port facilities were as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 
     Year   
     Amount   
 
     2016   
     $ 33,217   
 
     2017   
       29,141   
 
     2018   
       20,403   
 
     2019   
       20,858   
 
     2020   
       21,326   
 
     Thereafter   
       60,889   
 
     Total port facility future commitments   
     $ 185,834   
 

   

 The FMC requires evidence of financial responsibility
for those offering transportation on passenger ships operating out of U.S. ports to indemnify passengers in the event of non-performance
of the transportation. Accordingly, each of our three brands are required to maintain a $30.0 million third-party performance guarantee
in respect of liabilities for non-performance of transportation and other obligations to passengers. The guarantee requirements
are subject to additional consumer price index-based adjustments. Also, each of our brands has a legal requirement to maintain
a security guarantee based on cruise business originated from the U.K. and, accordingly, has established separate bonds with the
Association of British Travel Agents currently valued at approximately British Pound Sterling 6.5 million in the aggregate. We
also are required to establish financial responsibility by other jurisdictions to meet liability in the event of non-performance
of our obligations to passengers from those jurisdictions. 

   

 From time to time, various other regulatory and legislative
changes have been or may in the future be proposed that may have an effect on our operations in the U.S. and the cruise industry
in general. 

   

 Litigation  

   

 In 2015, the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation
issued Notices of Violations to major cruise lines that operated in the state of Alaska, including NCLH, for alleged violations
of the Alaska Marine Vessel Visible Emission Standards that occurred over the last several years. We are cooperating with the Alaska
Department of Environmental Conservation and conducting our own internal investigation into these matters. However, we do not believe
the ultimate outcome will have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

   

 In the normal course of our business, various claims
and lawsuits have been filed or are pending against us. Most of these claims and lawsuits are covered by insurance and, accordingly,
the maximum amount of our liability is typically limited to our deductible amount. Nonetheless, the ultimate outcome of these claims
and lawsuits that are not covered by insurance cannot be determined at this time. We have evaluated our overall exposure with respect
to all of our threatened and pending litigation and, to the extent required, we have accrued amounts for all estimable probable
losses associated with our deemed exposure. We are currently unable to estimate any other potential contingent losses beyond those
accrued, as discovery is not complete nor is adequate information available to estimate such range of loss or potential recovery.
We intend to vigorously defend our legal position on all claims and, to the extent necessary, seek recovery. 

   

 
 13. Restructuring Costs 

   

 Due to the Acquisition of Prestige, a number of employee
positions were consolidated. As of December 31, 2015, we had an accrual balance of $4.1 million for restructuring costs for severance
and other employee-related costs. The expense of $15.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 is included in marketing general
and administrative expense. 

   

 The following table summarizes changes in the
accrual for restructuring costs (in thousands): 

   


 
       F- 29   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 
 
         
     Restructuring
    costs   
 
     Accrued expense balance as of December 31, 2014   
     $ (7,956 ) 
 
     Amounts paid   
       18,815   
 
     Additional accrued expense   
       (15,003 ) 
 
     Accrued expense balance as of December 31, 2015   
     $ (4,144 ) 
 

   

 
 14. Concentration Risk 

   

 
 We contract with a single vendor to provide many of our hotel and restaurant services including both food and labor costs.
We incurred expenses of $122.4 million and $22.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which are
recorded in payroll and related and food expenses in our consolidated statements of income. 

   

 
 15. Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

   

 For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and
2013 we paid interest and related fees of $218.3 million, $233.5 million and $316.9 million, respectively. For the year ended December
31, 2014, we had a non-cash investing and financing activity related to a seller financed capital expenditure of $82.0 million.
For the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2013 we had non-cash investing activities in connection with capital leases of $31.1 million
and $15.5 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 we paid income taxes of $10.3 million, $9.8
million and $1.1 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 we had non-cash investing activities for
capital expenditures of $41.1million and $13.0 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we had a non-cash financing
activity of $10.0 million in connection with the modification of certain fully-vested Management NCL Corporation Units from liability
to equity award status. Upon the IPO this liability award was fully vested at the time of the settlement and was reclassified to
equity in the balance sheet resulting in a non-cash financing activity. We refer you to Note—4 “The Acquisition of
Prestige” for non-cash transactions in conjunction with the Acquisition of Prestige. 

   

 
 16. Revisions to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

   

 During the three months ended September 30, 2015, we
determined that for the three months ended March 31, 2015 and six months ended June 30, 2015, cash payments related to property
and equipment were reported as a decrease in cash flows from operating activities related to the change in accrued expenses and
other liabilities and prepaid and other assets when it should have been reported as a decrease in cash flows from investing activities
related to additions to property and equipment. The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31,
2015 and six months ended June 30, 2015 will be revised in future Form 10-Q filings, to increase cash from operating activities
related to the change in accrued expenses and other liabilities and prepaid and other assets and increase investing cash outflow
from additions to property and equipment by $14.6 million and 18.5 million, respectively. We have determined that the revision
is not material to our consolidated financial statements individually and in the aggregate. 

   

 During the three months ended June 30, 2015, we determined
that for the year ended December 31, 2014, non-cash transactions related to the financing of one of our ships was reported as cash
used for additions to property and equipment and cash provided by proceeds from long-term debt. The Consolidated Statement of Cash
Flows, for the year ended December 31, 2014, has been revised in this annual report on Form 10-K by decreasing cash used for additions
to property and equipment and cash provided by proceeds from long-term debt by $82.0 million. We have determined that the revision
is not material to our consolidated financial statements. 

   

 
 17. Subsequent Event 

   

 In the first quarter of 2016, we executed a purchase
and sale agreement for our interest in certain land-based operations in Hawaii. The amount of the transaction is considered immaterial
to our consolidated financial statements. 

   

 
 18. Quarterly Selected Financial Data (Unaudited) (in thousands, except per share data) 

   

 
 
         
     First
    Quarter     
     Second
    Quarter     
     Third
    Quarter     
     Fourth
    Quarter   
 
         
     2015     
     2014     
     2015     
     2014     
     2015     
     2014     
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Total revenue   
     $  938,182     
     $  664,028     
     $  1,085,433     
     $  765,927     
     $  1,284,910     
     $  907,017     
     $  1,036,523     
     $  788,909   
 
     Operating income   
       60,349     
       73,089     
       217,383     
       148,588     
       306,832     
       234,822     
       117,922     
       46,442   
 
     Net income (loss) attributable
    to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.   
       (21,456 )   
       51,267     
       158,494     
       111,616     
       251,787     
       201,078     
       38,312     
       (25,609 ) 
 
     Earnings (loss) per share:   
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
     $ (0.10 )   
     $ 0.25     
     $ 0.70     
     $ 0.54     
     $ 1.11     
     $ 0.99     
     $ 0.17     
     $ (0.12 ) 
 
     Diluted   
     $ (0.10 )   
     $ 0.24     
     $ 0.69     
     $ 0.54     
     $ 1.09     
     $ 0.97     
     $ 0.17     
     $ (0.12 ) 
 

   


 
       F- 30   
     Table of Contents   
     

    

 The seasonality of the North American cruise industry
generally results in the greatest demand for cruises during the Northern Hemisphere’s summer months. This predictable seasonality
in demand has resulted in fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations. The seasonality of our results is increased due
to ships being taken out of service for regularly scheduled Dry-docks, which we typically scheduled during non-peak demand periods. 

   



 

 
       F- 31   
     

 

 
 
 
 
