
 
 
 
 
        

 
 
 

 

   

   

 UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

   

 FORM
 10-K 

   

 ☒ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

   

 For
the fiscal year ended  December 31 ,  2023 

   

 OR 

   

 ☐ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

   

 FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ________ TO ________ 

   

 COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER  001-41711 

   

 INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

   

     Cayman Islands       N/A     (State or other jurisdiction of   incorporation or organization)       (I.R.S. Employer  Identification Number)                   167 Madison Avenue   Suite 205 #1017             New York ,  New York         10016     (Address of principal executive offices)       (Zip Code)   
   

 Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code:  (212)   476-6908 

   

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

   

     Title of each class        Trading Symbols       Name of each exchange on which registered     Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value per share and one-half of one redeemable warrant       IPXXU       The  Nasdaq  Stock Market LLC     Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share       IPXX       The  Nasdaq  Stock Market LLC     Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share       IPXXW       The  Nasdaq  Stock Market LLC   
   

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

   

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐  
 No  ☒ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐    No 
☒ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  ☒   No ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and file such reports).  Yes  ☒   No ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

   

     Large accelerated filer    ☐       Accelerated filer    ☐       Non-accelerated filer     ☒       Smaller reporting company    ☒                                         Emerging growth company    ☒   
   

 If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.  ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes  ☒    No ☐ 

   

 If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.  ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive based compensation
received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐ 

   

 On
June 30, 2023, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, only the registrant’s units
were then trading on the Nasdaq Global Market (“ Nasdaq ”). The registrant’s Class A ordinary shares began separate
trading on Nasdaq on July 17, 2023. On June 30, 2023, the aggregate market value of the registrant’s ordinary shares outstanding, other
than ordinary shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price of the
units reported on Nasdaq on such date was $ 253,000,000 . 

   

 As
of April 2, 2024, the Registrant had  25,000,000  Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share, and  6,250,000  Class B ordinary
shares, par value $0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

   

 DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

   

 None . 

   

 

   

   


 
     
       
     

   

 
   
     PART I 
     1 
   
     Item 1. 
       Business. 
     1 
   
     Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors. 
     8 
   
     Item 1B.  
     Unresolved Staff Comments. 
     44 
   
     Item 1C.  
     Cybersecurity. 
     44 
   
     Item 2.  
     Properties. 
     44 
   
     Item 3.  
     Legal Proceedings. 
     44 
   
     Item 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures. 
     44 
   
       
       
       
   
     PART II 
     45 
   
     Item 5. 
       Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
     45 
   
     Item 6.  
     Reserved. 
     45 
   
     Item 7.  
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
     45 
   
     Item 7A. 
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
     47 
   
     Item 8.  
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
     F- 1 
   
     Item 9.  
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
     48 
   
     Item 9A.  
     Controls and Procedures. 
     48 
   
     Item 9B.  
     Other Information. 
     48 
   
     Item 9C.  
     Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
     48 
   
       
       
       
   
     Part III 
     49 
   
     Item 10. 
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
     49 
   
     Item 11. 
       Executive Compensation. 
     57 
   
     Item 12. 
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
     58 
   
     Item 13. 
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
     59 
   
     Item 14 .   
     Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
     61 
   
       
       
       
   
     Part IV 
       
     62 
   
     Item 15 . 
       Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
     62 
   
   


 
     i 
       
     

   

 CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

   

 Some
of the statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the “ Annual Report on Form 10-K ” or “ Annual
Report ”) may constitute “forward-looking statements” for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions
or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future
events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate,” “believe,”
“continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,”
“plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,”
“would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. 

   

 Forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: 

   

 
 ● our
ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 
 

   

 
 ● our
ability to complete our initial business combination; 
 

   

 
 ● our
expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 
 

   

 
 ● our
success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 
 

   

 
 ● our
officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in
approving our initial business combination; 
 

   

 
 ● our
potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 
 

   

 
 ● our
pool of prospective target businesses; 
 

   

 
 ● our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by events that are outside of our control, such as increased geopolitical unrest, pandemic outbreaks (such as COVID-19)
and volatility in the debt and equity markets; 
 

   

 
 ● the
ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 
 

   

 
 ● our
public securities’ potential liquidity and trading; 
 

   

 
 ● the
lack of a market for our securities; 
 

   

 
 ● the
use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance; 
 

   

 
 ● the
Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 
 

   

 
 ● our
financial performance. 
 

   

 The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “ Risk Factors .”
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws. 

   

 

 
     ii 
       
     

   

 Summary
of Risk Factors 

   

 An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in
the section titled “ Risk Factors ,” alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and
you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

   

 
 ● We
are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective. 
 

   

 
 ● Our
public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote,
holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though
a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 
 

   

 
 ● Your
only opportunity to affect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 
 

   

 
 ● If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in
favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 
 

   

 
 ● The
ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 
 

   

 
 ● The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares and the amount of deferred
underwriting compensation may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure, and
may substantially dilute your investment in us. 
 

   

 
 ● The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the completion window may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business
combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial
business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 
 

   

 
 ● Our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by events that are outside of our control, such as increased geopolitical unrest, pandemic outbreaks (such as COVID-19)
and volatility in the debt and equity markets. 
 

   

 
 ● If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and
their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or Public Warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business
combination and reduce the public “float” of our Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants. 
 

   

 
 ● If
a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our Public Shares in connection with our initial business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 
 

   

 

 
     iii 
       
     

   

 
 ● Our
officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to
how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 
 

   

 
 ● You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate
your investment, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 

   

 
 ● Nasdaq
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 
 

   

 
 ● The
nominal purchase price paid by our Sponsor for the founder shares may result in significant dilution to the implied value of your Public
Shares upon the consummation of our initial business combination. 
 

   

 
 ● You
will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 
 

   

 
 ● Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive
only their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants
will expire worthless. 
 

   

 
 ● If
the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow
us to operate for at least the duration of the completion window, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target
business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or
our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 
 

   

 
 ● Past
performance by our management team, our advisors and their respective affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they
have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in
the Company. 
 

   

 
 ● Unlike
some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A
ordinary shares if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. 
 

   

 
 ● We
may be a passive foreign investment company, or “PFIC,” which could result in adverse United States federal income tax
consequences to U.S. investors. 
 

   

 
 ● We
may reincorporate in or transfer by way of continuation to another jurisdiction which may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or
warrant holders. 
 

   

 
 ● In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially, potentially resulting
in more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in
our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 
 

   

 
 ● Our
initial business combination and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our shareholders and warrant holders. As a
result of our business combination, our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and/or uncertain. 
 

   

 
 ● We
have no operating history and are subject to a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution requirement if we do not complete an
initial business combination by the completion window. As such, there is a risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern
if liquidity needs arise or if we do not consummate an initial business combination by the applicable deadline. If we are unable to effect
an initial business combination by the deadline, we will be forced to liquidate. 
 

   

 
 ● The
other risks and uncertainties discussed in “ Risk Factors ” and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 

   


 
     iv 
       
     

   

 PART
I 

   

 References
in this report to “ we ,” “ us ” or the “ Company ” refer to Inflection Point Acquisition
Corp. II. References to our “ management ” or our “ management team ” refer to our officers and directors,
and references to the “ Sponsor ” refer to Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References
to our “ initial shareholders ” refer to the Sponsor and any other holders of our Class B ordinary shares, par value
$0.0001 per share (the “ founder shares ” or “ Class B ordinary shares ”). 

   

 Item
1. Business. 

   

 Introduction 

   

 We
are a blank check company incorporated on March 6, 2023, as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have
neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. 

   

 While
we may pursue an initial business combination in any industry, sector or geographic region, we intend to focus our search initially on
North American and European   businesses in disruptive growth sectors, which complements the expertise of our management team. 

   

 Our
Company combines the abilities of a diverse and founder-friendly management team. We have assembled a management team with experience
across both public and private markets with deep roots in our target markets. Our team combines decades of experience sourcing, researching,
and investing in complex transactions that create value for shareholders. 

   

 We
expect to seek an investment opportunity where each member of our management team can leverage their expertise and network to create
significant value. We will seek fundamentally strong businesses in a broad range of disruptive growth sectors, with emphasis on one or
more of the following attributes, although we may decide to enter into a business combination with a target business that does not have
one or more of these attributes: 

   

 
 ● Innovative,
technology-enabled company of scale focused on acquiring new customers with a large addressable market, legacy analogue competitors
and a differentiated path to market or superior product. 
 

   

 
 ● Customer
focused and deeply experienced team fueled by a shared connection and passion for the business. 
 

   

 
 ● Achieved
a scale such that the profit contribution from existing business offsets fixed costs and is prepared to reinvest in high return on capital
opportunities. 
 

   

 
 ● Adaptable
to the rapidly changing business environment and major shift in demographics with the ability to generate shareholder value in any market
cycle. 
 

   

 These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management
may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into a business combination with a target business that does not meet the above
criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Annual Report, would
be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender-offer materials, as applicable, that we would file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(“ SEC ”). 

   

 Our
management team has the necessary corporate, financial and investment experience to successfully pursue acquisitions with companies
via a myriad of potential transaction structures. We envision a transaction may be derived from many different business inflection
points, which include, but are not limited to: (i) corporate carve outs; (ii) privately owned, fast-growing businesses seeking an efficient
path to becoming public; (iii) venture capital and private equity owned businesses whose growth can be further accelerated; and (iv)
businesses that would similarly benefit from a partnership with our management team. Whether a carve-out or whole company acquisition,
we are proficient in identifying attractive opportunities and continuously adding value post deal execution. 

   

 We
have reviewed, and continue to review, a number of opportunities to enter into an initial business combination, but we are not able to
determine at this time whether we will complete an initial business combination with any of the target businesses that we have reviewed
or with any other target business. We also have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business
activities, the Company is a “shell company” as defined under the Exchange Act of 1934 (the “ Exchange Act ”)
because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. 

   

 On
March 8, 2023, the Sponsor made a capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share, to cover certain of the Company’s
expenses, for which the Company issued 5,750,000 founders shares to the Sponsor. On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization
of 575,000 founder shares, resulting in the Sponsor holding 6,325,000 founder shares. The founder shares included an aggregate of 825,000
shares that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option
was exercised, so that the number of founder shares would collectively represent 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares
upon the completion of the IPO. As a result of the underwriters’ election to partially exercise their over-allotment option on
May 30, 2023, 75,000 founder shares were forfeited resulting in the Sponsor holding 6,250,000 founder shares. 

   

 

 
     1 
       
     

   

 On
May 30, 2023, we consummated our initial public offering of 25,000,000 units (the “ Units ”), which includes the partial
exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of $250,000,000 (the “ IPO ”). Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (the “ Class
A ordinary shares ” or “ Public Shares ”) and one half of one redeemable warrant (the “ Public Warrants ”)
of the Company, with each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share for $11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment. 

   

 Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 7,650,000 private placement warrants (the “ Private Placement
Warrants ” and, together with the Public Warrants, the “ Warrants ”) to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald &
Co., the representative of the underwriters of the IPO, at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, or $7,650,000 in the aggregate.
Of those 7,650,000 Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald &
Co. purchased 1,650,000 Private Placement Warrants. Each whole Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A
ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. 

   

 A
total of $251,250,000 of the proceeds from IPO and Private Placement, which
amount included $13,100,000 of the underwriter’s deferred discount, was placed in the trust account (the “ Trust Account ”). The funds held in the Trust
Account are invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
obligations. 

   

 Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination  

   

 General 

   

 We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our
initial business combination using cash held in the Trust Account, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial
business combination, shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, other
securities issuances or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business
that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent
in such companies and businesses. 

   

 If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A
ordinary shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for
maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred
in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies, or for working capital. 

   

 Although
we are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating an initial business combination, we intend
to focus our search initially on North American and European businesses in disruptive growth sectors, which complements the expertise
of our management team. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine,
we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore,
some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
adversely affect a target business. 

   

 We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
amounts held in the Trust Account. In addition, we may target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire
with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase
price exceeds the amount available from the Trust Account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions by holders of our Public
Shares (the “ public shareholders ”), we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial
business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously
with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than
the Trust Account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the
terms of the financing and, only if required by law, regulation or stock exchange rule we would seek shareholder approval of such financing.
There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances
or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop
agreements we may enter into following consummation of the IPO. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding
with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. None of our Sponsor, officers,
directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 

   

 

 
     2 
       
     

   

 Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination 

   

 The
rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“ Nasdaq ”) require that we must complete one or more business combinations having
an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account). Our board of directors will make the determination as to
the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair
market value of our initial business combination (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm which is a member of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“ FINRA ”)
or a valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it likely that our board of directors
will be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do
so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty
as to the value of the target’s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must
be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

   

 We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares
will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination such that the post transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target
business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete
such business combination if the post transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post transaction company owns or acquires
50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority
interest in the post transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example,
we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock,
shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a
result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination
could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100%
of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post transaction company, the portion
of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the 80% of net assets test
described above. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the aggregate value of all of the target businesses,
will be taken into account for purposes of the 80% fair market value test. 

   

 In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings
with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable,
as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move
forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. 

   

 The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately
completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

   

 We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors,
or completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated (as defined in our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association) with our Sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm stating that the consideration
to be paid by us in such an initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. We are not required to
obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

   

 Members
of our management team and our independent directors indirectly own founder shares and/or Private Placement Warrants and, accordingly,
may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business
as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

   

 

 
     3 
       
     

   

 Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to at least one other entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity
to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable
for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or
contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under
Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed
by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and
(ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter
which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however,
that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our
initial business combination. 

   

 In
addition, our Sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours
or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. As a result,
our Sponsor, officers and directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities
to us or to any other special purpose acquisition company with which they may become involved. Any such companies, businesses or investments
may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination target. However, we do not believe that any
such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

   

 Redemption
Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

   

 We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii)
without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business
combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as
the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable
law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer
rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder
approval while direct mergers with our Company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our issued
and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder
approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq’s
shareholder approval rules. 

   

 The
requirement that we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares by one of the two methods listed
above are contained in provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will apply whether or not we
maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq. Such provisions may be amended if approved by a special resolution,
which requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by the shareholders of the issued shares present in person
or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such matter at a general meeting of the Company, so long as we offer redemption in connection
with such amendment. 

   

 If
we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in connection with a general meeting, we will,
pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

   

 
 ● conduct
the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the
solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 
 

   

 
 ● file
proxy materials with the SEC. 
 

   

 In
the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

   

 

 
     4 
       
     

   

 If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman
Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by the shareholders of the issued shares present
in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such matter at a general meeting of the Company. A quorum for such meeting
will be present if the holders of one third of issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting are represented in person
or by proxy. Our Sponsor, officers and directors will count toward this quorum and, pursuant to a letter agreement (the “ Letter
Agreement ”), our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any Public Shares purchased during
or after the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination.
For purposes of seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business
combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders’ founder shares, we would need 9,375,001,
or 37.5%, of the 25,000,000 Public Shares sold in the IPO to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our
initial business combination approved, assuming all outstanding shares are voted and the parties to the Letter Agreement do not acquire
any Class A ordinary shares. Assuming that only the holders of one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, representing
a quorum under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association vote their shares at a general meeting of the Company,
we will not need any Public Shares in addition to our founder shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order
to approve an initial business combination. However, if our initial business combination is structured as a statutory merger or consolidation
with another company under Cayman Islands law, the approval of our initial business combination will require a special resolution, which
requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by the shareholders of the issued shares present in person
or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such matter at a general meeting of the Company. These quorum and voting thresholds,
and the voting agreement of our Sponsor, officers and directors, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business
combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed
transaction, or whether they do not vote or abstain from voting on the proposed transaction, or whether they were a public shareholder
on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

   

 If
a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will: 

   

 
 ● conduct
the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers,
and 
 

   

 
 ● file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial
and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the
Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 

   

 In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business
days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business
combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders
not tendering more than the number of Public Shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have
offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

   

 Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules, we
or our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open
market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

   

 We
intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their
shares in “street name,” to, at the holder’s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent
or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian)
system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials,
this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In
addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption
of its Public Shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote
in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our Public Shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring
public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process
any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public shareholders, which could delay redemptions
and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue to search
for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by public shareholders who elected to redeem their
shares. 

   

 We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Public
Shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein and
in the registration statement relating to the IPO. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares
will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. There will be no redemption rights upon
the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our Warrants. The Sponsor, our officers and directors have entered
into the Letter Agreement, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and
any Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

   

 

 
     5 
       
     

   

 Our
proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its
owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions.
In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted
for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and
all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the
issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business
combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of the
IPO, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

   

 If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates
may purchase Public Shares or Public Warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following
the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation or duty to do so. Any such price per share
may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our
initial business combination. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgment that such shareholder, although still the record
holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event
that our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to
revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. It is intended that, if Rule 10b-18 would apply to purchases by our Sponsor, initial
shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates, then such purchases will comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange
Act, to the extent it applies, which provides a safe harbor for purchases made under certain conditions, including with respect to timing,
pricing and volume of purchases. 

   

 Additionally,
at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material
nonpublic information), our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may enter into transactions
with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire Public Shares, vote their Public Shares in favor of our initial
business combination or not redeem their Public Shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such
transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be
used to purchase Public Shares or Public Warrants in such transactions. 

   

 The
purpose of any such transactions could be to (1) increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination,
(2) reduce the number of Public Warrants outstanding and/or increase the likelihood of approval on any matters submitted to the public
warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with
a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion
of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

   

 In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our securities may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders
of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities
on a national securities exchange. 

   

 Our
Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders
with whom our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions
by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of
Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent
that our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would
identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a
pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted
a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related
to our initial business combination. Our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates will select
which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem
relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act
and the other federal securities laws. 

   

 Our
Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares
if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be
reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.
Additionally, in the event our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates were to purchase Public
Shares or Public Warrants from public shareholders, such purchases would be structured in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5
under the Exchange Act including, in pertinent part, through adherence to the following: 

   

 
 ● our
registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would disclose the possibility that our Sponsor,
initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may purchase Public Shares or Public Warrants from public shareholders
outside the redemption process, along with the purpose of such purchases; 
 

   

 
 ● if
our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates were to purchase Public Shares or Public Warrants
from public shareholders, they would do so at a price no higher than the price offered through our redemption process; 
 

   

 

 
     6 
       
     

   

 
 ● our
registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would include a representation that any of our
securities purchased by our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates would not be voted in favor
of approving the business combination transaction; 
 

   

 
 ● our
Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates would not possess any redemption rights with respect
to our securities or, if they do acquire and possess redemption rights, they would waive such rights; and 
 

   

 
 ● we
would disclose in a Form 8-K, before our security holder meeting to approve the business combination transaction, the following material
items: 
 

   

 
 o the
amount of our securities purchased outside of the redemption offer by our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors
and their affiliates, along with the purchase price; 
 

   

 
 o the
purpose of the purchases by our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates; 
 

   

 
 o the
impact, if any, of the purchases by our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates on the likelihood
that the business combination transaction will be approved; 
 

   

 
 o the
identities of our security holders who sold to our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates
(if not purchased on the open market) or the nature of our security holders (e.g., 5% security holders) who sold to our Sponsor, initial
shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates; and 
 

   

 
 o the
number of our securities for which we have received redemption requests pursuant to our redemption offer. 
 

   

 Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business Combination 

   

 Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will have only 18 months from the closing of the IPO or by
such earlier liquidation date as the Company’s board of directors may approve (the “ completion window ”) to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such completion window, we will
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public
Shares, which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the Public Shares and completely extinguish public shareholders’
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other distributions, if any) subject to our obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will be no
redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our Warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within the completion window. 

   

 Our
Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into the Letter Agreement, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within the completion window, although they will entitled to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account. However,
if our Sponsor or management team acquire Public Shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from
the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted completion
window. 

   

 Our
Sponsor, officers, and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders’ rights
or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares
upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding
Public Shares. 

   

 Competition
 

   

 In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from other
entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other special purpose acquisition companies, private equity groups and
leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established
and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these
competitors possess similar or greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target
businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition
of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption
rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our issued and outstanding Warrants, and the
future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating and completing an initial business combination. 

   

 

 
     7 
       
     

   

 Employees
and Human Capital Resources 

   

 We
currently have two officers: Michael Blitzer and Peter Ondishin. Kevin Shannon acts as our Chief of Staff. These individuals are not
obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary
to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will
vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination
process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

   

 Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

   

 We
are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required
to disclose certain material events in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy
and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC’s Internet website
is located at www.sec.gov. In addition, the Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us in writing
at 167 Madison Avenue Suite 205 #1017, New York, NY 10016 or by telephone at (212) 476-6908. 

   

 We
will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation materials
or tender offer documents sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements
will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“ GAAP ”) or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
(“ IFRS ”), depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“ PCAOB ”). These financial
statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may conduct an initial business combination with because
some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules
and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business
identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements
outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements
outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While
this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

   

 We
will not be required to evaluate our internal control procedures until our annual report for the fiscal year ending December 31,
2024 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer,
and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business
may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development
of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary
to complete any such business combination. 

   

 We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman
Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as
the same may be amended from time to time (the “ Companies Act ”). As an exempted company, we have applied for and received
a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised)
of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing
any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be
levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on
or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend
or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a
debenture or other obligation of us. 

   

 Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

   

 An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this Annual Report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following
events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading
price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

   

 

 
     8 
       
     

   

 Risks
Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination 

   

 Our
public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote,
holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though
a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

   

 We
may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder
approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. In such case, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder
approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us,
solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the
transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our founder
shares will participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of
a majority of our ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

   

 If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in
favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

   

 As
of December 31, 2023, our initial shareholders owned 6,250,000 founder shares, which represented 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary
shares. Our initial shareholders and management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial
business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval of
an initial business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman
Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by the shareholders of the issued shares present
in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such matter at a general meeting of the Company. As a result, in addition to
our initial shareholders’ founder shares, we would need 9,375,001, or 37.5%, of the 25,000,000 Public Shares sold in the IPO to
be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved, assuming all outstanding
shares are voted and the parties to the Letter Agreement do not acquire any Class A ordinary shares. Assuming that only the holders
of one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, representing a quorum under our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association, vote their ordinary shares at a general meeting of the Company, we will not need any Public Shares in addition
to our founder shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to approve an initial business combination. However,
if our initial business combination is structured as a statutory merger or consolidation with another company under Cayman Islands law,
the approval of our initial business combination will require a special resolution, which requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of
the votes cast by the shareholders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such matter
at a general meeting of the Company. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement
by our initial shareholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that
an ordinary resolution will be passed, being the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 

   

 Your
only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

   

 At
the time of your investment in us, you were not provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial
business combination. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders
may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, your only
opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption
rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our
public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable
to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per
share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commission and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect our obligation to
pay the deferred underwriting commissions. 

   

 The
ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

   

 We
may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to
be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention
of cash to satisfy other conditions. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such
closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly
submitted redemption requests would not allow us to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption
and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware
of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

   

 

 
     9 
       
     

   

 The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares and the amount of deferred
underwriting compensation may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure, and
may substantially dilute your investment in us. 

   

 At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption
rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the
purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust
Account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for
redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust
Account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence
of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision
of the Class B ordinary shares results in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon
conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred
underwriting compensation payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial
business combination. The per share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not
be reduced by the deferred underwriting compensation and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our
obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting compensation. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most
desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. As a result, our obligations to redeem Public Shares
for which redemption is requested and to pay the deferred underwriting commissions may not allow us to complete the most desirable business
combination or optimize our capital structure. 

   

 In
addition, raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher
than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B
ordinary shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class
B ordinary shares at the time of our business combination. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable
business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure and may result in substantial dilution from your purchase of our
Class A ordinary shares. The effect of this dilution will be greater for shareholders who do not redeem. The amount of the deferred underwriting
compensation payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business
combination, which may further dilute your investment. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise
their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting compensation and after such redemptions, the per-share value
of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting compensation. We may not
be able to generate sufficient value from the completion of our initial business combination in order to overcome the dilutive impact
of these and other factors, and, accordingly, you may incur a net loss on your investment. Please see “—  Risks Relating
to Our Securities — The nominal purchase price paid by our sponsor for the founder shares may result in significant dilution to
the implied value of your public shares upon the consummation of our initial business combination, and our sponsor is likely to make
a substantial profit on its investment in us in the event we consummate an initial business combination, even if the business combination
causes the trading price of our ordinary shares to materially decline .” 

   

 The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

   

 If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust
Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the
open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either
situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of
redemption rights until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

   

 The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the completion window may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business
combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial
business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

   

 Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete
our initial business combination within the completion window. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating
a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we
may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the
timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination
on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. The length of time it may take us to complete our diligence
and negotiate a business combination may reduce the amount of time available for us to ultimately complete an initial business combination
should such diligence or negotiations not lead to a consummated initial business combination. 

   

 

 
     10 
       
     

   

 We
may engage one or more of our IPO underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may
include acting as M&A advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related
financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the Trust
Account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts
of interest in rendering any such additional services to us, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation
of an initial business combination. 

   

 We
may engage one or more of our IPO underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, including,
for example, identifying potential targets, providing M&A advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or
arranging debt financing transactions. We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that
would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation. No agreement was entered into with any of the underwriters or
their respective affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services was paid to any of the underwriters or their respective
affiliates prior to the date that was 60 days from the date of the IPO. 

   

 The
underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business
combination. The underwriters’ or their respective affiliates’ financial interests tied to the consummation of a business
combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential
conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. The underwriters are under
no obligation to provide any further services to us in order to receive all or any part of the deferred underwriting commissions. 

   

 Our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by events that are outside of our control, such as increased geopolitical unrest, pandemic outbreaks (such as COVID-19)
and volatility in the debt and equity markets. 

   

 Our
ability to find a potential target business and the business of any potential business with which we may consummate a business combination
could be materially and adversely affected by events that are outside of our control. For example, geopolitical unrest (such as the ongoing
military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the military conflict in Israel and Gaza), including war, terrorist activity and acts
of civil or international hostility are increasing. In particular, although the length, impact and outcome of the ongoing military conflict
in Ukraine and the recent armed conflict between Israel and Hamas is highly unpredictable, these conflicts could lead to significant
market and other disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices and supply of energy resources, instability in financial
markets, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability, changes in consumer or purchaser preferences as well as increase
in cyberattacks and espionage. 

   

 Similarly
other events outside of our control, including natural disasters, climate-related events pandemic or health crises (such as the COVID-19
pandemic) may arise from time to time, any such events may cause significant volatility and declines in the global markets, disproportionate
impacts to certain industries or sectors, disruptions to commerce (including to economic activity, travel and supply chain), loss of
life and property damage, and may adversely affect the global economy or capital markets, and the business of any potential target business
with which we may consummate a business combination and could be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate
a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by these and other events, including
as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable
or at all. 

   

 We
may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, in which case we would redeem our Public Shares. 

   

 We
may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within the completion window. An increasing
number of special purpose acquisition companies (“ SPACs ”) have liquidated beginning in the second half of 2022 due
to an inability to complete an initial business combination within their allotted time periods. Furthermore, our ability to complete
our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets
and the other risks described herein, including the impact of events such as the war between Russia and the Ukraine and the military
conflict in Israel and Gaza. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window and we do not
further extend such date, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the Public Shares
and completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other
distributions, if any), subject to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject to the other
requirements of applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other
reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation
of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman
Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only $10.36 per Public Share, which is estimated as of December
31, 2023, or less than $10.36 per Public Share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See “ — If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption
amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.05 per Public Share ” and other risk factors herein. 

   

 

 
     11 
       
     

   

 We
may decide not to extend the term we have to consummate our initial business combination, in which case we would redeem our Public Shares,
and the warrants may be worthless. 

   

 We
have until the end of the completion window to consummate our initial business combination. If we anticipate that we may be unable to
consummate our initial business combination within such period, we may seek shareholder approval to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association to extend the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination. However, we may decide not
to seek to extend the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination. If we do not seek to extend the date by which
we must consummate our initial business combination, and we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the applicable
time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares for
a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, subject to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such event, the warrants may be worthless. 

   

 If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and
their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or Public Warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business
combination and reduce the public “float” of our Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants. 

   

 If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates
may purchase Public Shares or Public Warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following
the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation or duty to do so. Any such price per share
may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our
initial business combination. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgment that such shareholder, although still the record
holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event
that our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to
revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. It is intended that, if Rule 10b-18 would apply to purchases by Sponsor,
initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates, then such purchases will comply with Rule 10b-18 under
the Exchange Act, to the extent it applies, which provides a safe harbor for purchases made under certain conditions, including
with respect to timing, pricing and volume of purchases. 

   

 Additionally,
at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material
nonpublic information), our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may enter into transactions
with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire Public Shares, vote their Public Shares in favor of our initial
business combination or not redeem their Public Shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such
transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be
used to purchase Public Shares or Public Warrants in such transactions. 

   

 The
purpose of any such transactions could be to (1) increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination,
(2) reduce the number of Public Warrants outstanding and/or increase the likelihood of approval on any matters submitted to the
Public Warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an
agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business
combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the
completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

   

 In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our securities may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders
of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities
on a national securities exchange. 

   

 Our
Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders
with whom our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions
by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of
Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent
that our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would
identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a
pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted
a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related
to our initial business combination. Our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates will select
which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem
relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and
the other federal securities laws. 

   

 

 
     12 
       
     

   

 Our
Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares
if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be
reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting
requirements. Additionally, in the event our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates were to
purchase Public Shares or warrants from public shareholders, such purchases would be structured in compliance with the requirements of
Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act including, in pertinent part, through adherence to the following: 

   

 
 ● our
registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would disclose the possibility that our Sponsor,
initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may purchase Public Shares or Public Warrants from public shareholders
outside the redemption process, along with the purpose of such purchases; 
 

   

 
 ● if
our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates were to purchase Public Shares or Public Warrants
from public shareholders, they would do so at a price no higher than the price offered through our redemption process; 
 

   

 
 ● our
registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would include a representation that any of our
securities purchased by our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates would not be voted in favor
of approving the business combination transaction; 
 

   

 
 ● our
Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates would not possess any redemption rights with respect
to our securities or, if they do acquire and possess redemption rights, they would waive such rights; and 
 

   

 
 ● we
would disclose in a Form 8-K, before our security holder meeting to approve the business combination transaction, the following
material items: 
 

   

 
 ● the
amount of our securities purchased outside of the redemption offer by our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors
and their affiliates, along with the purchase price; 
 

   

 
 ● the
purpose of the purchases by our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates; 
 

   

 
 ● the
impact, if any, of the purchases by our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates on the likelihood
that the business combination transaction will be approved; 
 

   

 
 ● the
identities of our security holders who sold to our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates
(if not purchased on the open market) or the nature of our security holders (e.g., 5% security holders) who sold to our Sponsor, initial
shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates; and 
 

   

 
 ● the
number of our securities for which we have received redemption requests pursuant to our redemption offer. 
 

   

 If
a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our Public Shares in connection with our initial business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

   

 We
will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents,
as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender
offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our Public Shares in connection with our initial business combination
will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit Public Shares for redemption. For
example, we intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or
hold their shares in “street name,” to, at the holder’s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer
agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer
documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on
the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote,
we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its Public Shares to also submit a written request for redemption to
our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included.
In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials,
as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. 

   

 You
will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of other blank check companies subject to Rule 419 of the Securities
Act. 

   

 Since
the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are intended to be used to complete one or more initial business
combinations with a target business or businesses that have not been selected, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company
under the United States securities laws. However, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank
check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among
other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combinations than do companies subject
to Rule 419. Moreover, if the IPO had been subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned
on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us or in connection with our
completion of an initial business combination. 

   

 

 
     13 
       
     

   

 If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a “group” of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our Class A ordinary shares, you may
lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of our Class A ordinary shares. 

   

 If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with
respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the “ Excess Shares ,”
without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence
over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell
Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares
if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and,
in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

   

 Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive
only their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

   

 We
expect to encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may
be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for
the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than
we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe
there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our
available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain
target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our Public Shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the
time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware
that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public
shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public
shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

   

 If
the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow
us to operate for at least the duration of the completion window, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target
business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team
to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

   

 $275,665
was available to us outside the Trust Account, as of December 31, 2023, to fund our working capital requirements. While we believe that
the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the duration of the completion
window, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available
to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down
payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses
from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses)
with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into
a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently
required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching
for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. 

   

 Neither
our Sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances.
Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our
initial business combination. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post-business combination
entity at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an
affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all
rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not
have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to liquidate the Trust Account. 

   

 

 
     14 
       
     

   

 If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption
amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.05 per share. 

   

 Our
placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all
vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders,
such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims
against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar
claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim
against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims
to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us
and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be
in the best interests of the Company under the circumstances. UHY LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters
of the IPO will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. 

   

 Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our Public Shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise
of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors
that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption
amount received by public shareholders could be less than the $10.05 per Public Share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims
of such creditors. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report, our Sponsor has agreed that it
will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us (except for the Company’s
independent auditors), or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or
other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.05
per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the
Trust Account, if less than $10.05 per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided
that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all
rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our
indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “ Securities Act ”). However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor
have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our
Sponsor’s only assets are securities of our Company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy
those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial
business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.05 per Public Share. In such event, we may not be able to complete
our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your Public
Shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors
and prospective target businesses. 

   

 Our
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in
the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

   

 In
the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.05 per Public Share and (ii) the actual
amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than $10.05 per Public
Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable
to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would
determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that
our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us,
it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose
not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too
high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent
directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution
to our public shareholders may be reduced below $10.05 per Public Share. 

   

 

 
     15 
       
     

   

 We
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers. 

   

 We
have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have
agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against
the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we
have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify
our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their
fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder’s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors
pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

   

 The
securities in which we invested the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest
income available for payment of taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount
received by public shareholders may be less than $10.05 per Public Share. 

   

 The
proceeds held in the Trust Account have been invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days
or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest
only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield
a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan
pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility
that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business
combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are
entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid
or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, $100,000 of net interest for dissolution expenses).
Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by
public shareholders may be less than $10.05 per Public Share. 

   

 If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such
proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby
exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

   

 If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.”
As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our
board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing
itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

   

 If,
before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority
over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection
with our liquidation may be reduced. 

   

 If,
before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise
be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

   

 If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination or force us to
abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination. 

   

 If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

   

 
 ● restrictions
on the nature of our investments; and 
 

   

 
 ● restrictions
on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 
 

   

 In
addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

   

 
 ● registration
as an investment company with the SEC; 
 

   

 
 ● adoption
of a specific form of corporate structure; and 
 

   

 
 ● reporting,
record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 
 

   

 

 
     16 
       
     

   

 In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, a company
must ensure that it is engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that its activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading “investment securities” constituting more than 40% of our
assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and
complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan
to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or
to be a passive investor. 

   

 The
SEC recently provided guidance that the determination of whether a special purpose acquisition company, like us, is an “investment
company” under the Investment Company Act is a facts and circumstances determination requiring individualized analysis and depends
on a variety of factors, including a special purpose acquisition vehicle’s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities,
and “is a question of facts and circumstances” requiring individualized analysis. When applying these factors to us we do
not believe that our principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the Company was formed for the
purpose of completing an initial business combination with one or more businesses. Since our inception, our business has been and will
continue to be focused on identifying and completing an initial business combination, and thereafter, operating the post-transaction
business or assets for the long term. Further, we do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their
resale and we do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. In addition, the proceeds held in the Trust
Account were invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. By restricting the investment of the proceeds in this manner,
and by focusing our directors’ and officers’ time toward, and operating our business for the purpose of, acquiring and growing
businesses for the long term (rather than buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund or investing
in assets for the purpose of achieving investment returns on such assets), we intend to avoid being deemed an “investment company”
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Further, investing in our securities is not intended for persons who are seeking a
return on investments in government securities or investment securities. Instead, the Trust Account is intended as a holding place for
funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public
Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of associaton
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to
redeem 100% of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window or (B) with respect
to any other material provisions relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent
an initial business combination within the completion window, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public shareholders
as part of our redemption of the Public Shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as described above, we may be deemed to be subject to
the Investment Company Act. 

   

 If
we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would need to register as such under the Investment
Company Act and compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted
funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. We may also be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial
business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Trust Account. In which case, our investors would not be able to realize
the benefits of owning shares in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our securities
following such a transaction, and our Warrants would expire worthless. For illustrative purposes, in connection with the liquidation
of our Trust Account, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.36 per Public Share, which is based on estimates as
of December 31, 2023, or less in certain circumstances, and our Warrants would expire worthless. Further, under the subjective test of
a “investment company” pursuant to Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, even if the funds deposited in the Trust
Account were invested in the assets discussed above, there is a risk that we could be deemed an investment company and subject to the
Investment Company Act based on the length of time such funds are invested in such assets. 

   

 Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.  

   

 We
are subject to rules and regulations by various national, regional and local governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, and to
new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be
difficult, time consuming and costly and our efforts to comply with such new and evolving laws and regulations have resulted in and are
likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention. In addition,
these changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. 

   

 Moreover,
because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time
as new guidance becomes available. For example, on January 24, 2024, the SEC issued final rules and guidance relating to SPACs, like
us, regarding, among other things, disclosure in SEC filings in connection with initial business combination transactions; the financial
statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with
proposed business combination transaction; and the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions.
This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions
to our disclosure and governance practices. A failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations and any subsequent changes, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination. 

   

 

 
     17 
       
     

   

 If
we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the completion window, our public shareholders may be forced to wait
beyond the end of the completion window before redemption from our Trust Account. 

   

 If
we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the completion window, the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust
Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our Public Shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders
from the Trust Account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro
rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with
the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the end of the completion window
before the redemption proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of
the proceeds from our Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation
unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their
Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are
unable to complete our initial business combination. 

   

 Our
shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

   

 If
we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment
if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad
faith, thereby exposing themselves and our Company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and
officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were
unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine
of $18,293 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

   

 We
may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity
for our shareholders to appoint directors. 

   

 In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after
our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary
general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity
to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one
class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general
meeting) serving a three-year term. 

   

 Because
we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any target businesses with
which to pursue our initial business combination, you will not be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’s
operations. 

   

 Our
efforts to identify a prospective initial business combination target have not been limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic
region. While we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability
of our management team to identify and acquire a business or businesses that can benefit from our management team’s established
global relationships and operating experience. Our management team has extensive experience in identifying and executing strategic investments
globally and has done so successfully in a number of sectors. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prohibits
us from effectuating a business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. 

   

 Because
we have not yet selected any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible
merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or
prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business
operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development
stage entity. In recent years, a number of target businesses have underperformed financially post-business combination. There are
no assurances that the target business with which we consummate our initial business combination will perform as anticipated. Although
our officers and directors have and will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you
that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence.
Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those
risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to
be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly,
any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of
their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim
that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they
are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
relating to the initial business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

   

 

 
     18 
       
     

   

 We
may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management’s areas of expertise. 

   

 We
will consider a business combination outside of our management’s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our Company. Although our management
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately
prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate.
In the event we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management’s expertise, our management’s
expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report regarding
the areas of our management’s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As
a result, our management may not be able to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders
who choose to remain shareholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such
shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

   

 Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines. 

   

 Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial
business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a
combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business
combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their
redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide
to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial
business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available
for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

   

 We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders
valuation opinions, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business
is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

   

 Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair
market value of the target business or businesses (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm that the price we
are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on
the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community.
Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business
combination. 

   

 We
may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee
incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion
of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained therein. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

   

 Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
par value $0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 preference shares, par
value $0.0001 per share. There are 475,000,000 and 43,750,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary
shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding
warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically convertible
into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or
be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) concurrently
with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holder, initially
at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities related
to our initial business combination. There are no preference shares issued and outstanding. 

   

 

 
     19 
       
     

   

 We
may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares
upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination
as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the
holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

   

 
 ● may
significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the IPO, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions
in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis
upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 
 

   

 
 ● may
subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded
our Class A ordinary shares; 
 

   

 
 ● could
cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our
ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
and directors; 
 

   

 
 ● may
have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking
to obtain control of us; 
 

   

 
 ● may
adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A ordinary shares and/or Public Warrants; and 
 

   

 
 ● may
not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our Public Warrants. 
 

   

 Unlike
some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A
ordinary shares if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

   

 The
founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion
will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if we fail to consummate an initial
business combination) concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier at the
option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as converted basis, 20%
of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A
ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable
upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with
or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities
exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination
and any private placement warrants issued to our Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (as defined
below); provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

   

 We
may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price which is less than the prevailing market
price of our shares at that time. 

   

 In
connection with our initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE
transactions) at a price of $10.05 per share or which approximates the per-share amounts in our Trust Account at such time, or at
any other price. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity and capital to the post-business combination
entity. The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares
at such time. Any such issuances of equity securities could dilute the interests of our existing shareholders. 

   

 

 
     20 
       
     

   

 Resources
could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts
to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders
may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders,
and our Warrants will expire worthless. 

   

 We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that
point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target
business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any
such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may
only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and
our Warrants will expire worthless. 

   

 We
may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our Sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

   

 In
light of the involvement of our Sponsor, its managing members, and our officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire
one or more businesses affiliated with or competitive with our Sponsor, officers, directors and their respective affiliates or existing
holders. Our directors also serve as officers and/or board members for other entities including, without limitation, those described
under “ Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance—Conflicts of Interest .”. Such entities may compete
with us for business combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with
any affiliated entities, we may pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business
combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm regarding the
fairness to our Company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses
affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result,
the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of
interest. 

   

 Since
our Sponsor, officers and directors may lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other
than with respect to Public Shares they have acquired, or may in the future acquire, if any), a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

   

 On
March 8, 2023, our Sponsor paid $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs in exchange for
5,750,000 founder shares. On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization of 575,000, resulting in the Sponsor holding 6,325,000
founder shares. As a result of the underwriters’ election to partially exercise their over-allotment option on May 30, 2023, 75,000
founder shares were forfeited resulting in the Sponsor holding 6,250,000 founder shares. The remaining founder shares are no longer subject
to forfeiture. 

   

 Prior
to the initial investment in the Company of $25,000 by the Sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The purchase price
of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the Company by the number of founder shares issued.
The number of founder shares outstanding was determined such that the founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares after
the IPO. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination, except to the extent they receive
liquidating distributions from assets outside of the Trust Account. In addition, our Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., the
representative of the underwriters in the IPO, purchased an aggregate of 7,650,000 Private Placement Warrants for an aggregate purchase
price of $7,650,000, or $1.00 per warrant. Of those 7,650,000 Private Placement Warrants, our Sponsor purchased 6,000,000 warrants
and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. purchased 1,650,000 warrants in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the IPO.
The Private Placement Warrants will be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests
of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an
initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may
become more acute as the end of the completion window nears, which is the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination. 

   

 We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely
affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders’ investment in us. 

   

 Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding
debt following this offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. The incurrence of
debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

   

 
 ● default
and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 
 

   

 
 ● acceleration
of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 
 

   

 

 
     21 
       
     

   

 
 ● our
immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 
 

   

 
 ● our
inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing
while the debt security is outstanding; 
 

   

 
 ● using
a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for expenses,
capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 
 

   

 
 ● limitations
on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 
 

   

 
 ● increased
vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
and 
 

   

 
 ● limitations
on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of
our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 

   

 We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, which
will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification
may negatively impact our operations and profitability.  

   

 We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within
a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business
because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they
had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete
several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success
may be: 

   

 
 ● solely
dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 
 

   

 
 ● dependent
upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 

   

 This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

   

 We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

   

 If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks,
it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

   

 We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

   

 In
pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company.
Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to
pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with
a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

   

 

 
     22 
       
     

   

 We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

   

 Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold. As a result, we
may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with
the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct
redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated
agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. Our proposed initial business
combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash
for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event
the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption
plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount
of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted
for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

   

 In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, SPACs have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and
other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our
initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. 

   

 In
order to effectuate a business combination, SPACs have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing
instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, SPACs have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption
thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant
agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of
the votes cast by the shareholders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such matter
at a general meeting of the Company, and amending our warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us (the “ Warrant Agreement ”) will require a vote of holders of at least 50% of the Public Warrants and,
solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the Warrant Agreement with respect
to the Private Placement Warrants, 50% of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares for cash
if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our Public Shares if we
do not complete an initial business combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions
relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would
be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek
an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing
instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

   

 The
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity
(and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval
of holders of not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares which are represented in person or by proxy and are voted at
a general meeting of the Company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other SPACs. It may be easier for us, therefore,
to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination
that some of our shareholders may not support. 

   

 Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination
activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the IPO and the private placement of warrants into the Trust Account and not
release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein)
may be amended if approved by special resolution, under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of
the votes cast by the shareholders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such matter
at a general meeting of the Company, and corresponding provisions of the investment management trust agreement, dated as of May 24 2023,
by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee (as amended, the “ Trust Agreement ”)
governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of
our ordinary shares which are represented in person or by proxy and are voted at a general meeting of the Company. Our Sponsor, who beneficially
owns 20% of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
and/or Trust Agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily
than some other SPACs, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. 

   

 

 
     23 
       
     

   

 Our
Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders’ rights
or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A
ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable), divided by the number
of then outstanding Public Shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as
a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements.
As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

   

 We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

   

 If
the cash portion of the purchase price for a target business exceeds the amount available from the Trust Account, net of amounts needed
to satisfy any redemption by public shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business
combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional
financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure
the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be
required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes,
including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due
on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust
Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our Warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do
not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth
of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development
or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial business combination. 

   

 Our
Sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially
in a manner that you do not support. 

   

 Our
Sponsor owns 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, it may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring
a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association. Further, prior to the closing of our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary
shares will be entitled to vote on continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution
required to amend the constitutional documents of the Company or to adopt new constitutional documents of the Company, in each case,
as a result of the Company approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands). These provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than
90% of the votes cast by the shareholders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such
matter at a general meeting of the Company. As a result, you will not have any influence over our continuation in a jurisdiction outside
the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were appointed by our
Sponsor, is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term for three years with only one class of directors
being appointed each year. We have not and may not hold an annual or extraordinary general meeting to appoint new directors prior to
the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least
the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered” board
of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our Sponsor, because of its ownership
position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our Sponsor will continue to exert control at least until
the completion of our initial business combination. If our Sponsor purchases any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket
or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our Sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers
or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Annual Report. Factors that
would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary
shares. 

   

 We
may not be able to complete an initial business combination since such initial business combination may be subject to regulatory review
and approval requirement, including foreign investment regulations and review by government entities such as the Committee on Foreign
Investment in the United States (“CFIUS”), or may be ultimately prohibited. 

   

 Our
initial business combination may be subject to regulatory review and approval requirements by governmental entities, or ultimately prohibited.
For example, CFIUS has authority to review direct or indirect foreign investments in U.S. companies. Among other things, CFIUS is empowered
to require certain foreign investors to make mandatory filings, to charge filing fees related to such filings, and to self-initiate national
security reviews of foreign direct and indirect investments in U.S. companies if the parties to that investment choose not to file voluntarily.
In the case that CFIUS determines an investment to be a threat to national security, CFIUS has the power to unwind or place restrictions
on the investment. Whether CFIUS has jurisdiction to review an acquisition or investment transaction depends on — among other factors
— the nature and structure of the transaction, including the level of beneficial ownership interest and the nature of any information
or governance rights involved. For example, investments that result in “control” of a U.S. business by a foreign person always
are subject to CFIUS jurisdiction. CFIUS’s expanded jurisdiction under the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of
2018 and implementing regulations that became effective on February 13, 2020 further includes investments that do not result in
control of a U.S. business by a foreign person but afford certain foreign investors certain information or governance rights in a U.S.
business that has a nexus to “critical technologies,” “critical infrastructure” and/or “sensitive personal
data.” 

   

 

 
     24 
       
     

   Our Sponsor owns 20.0% of our issued and outstanding
ordinary shares. Our Sponsor is exclusively “controlled” for CFIUS purposes by Mr. Blitzer, who is a US citizen, and
thus we do not believe that our Sponsor is a “foreign person” as defined in the CFIUS regulations. However, it is possible
that non-U.S. persons could be involved in our initial business combination (e.g., as existing shareholders of a target company or as
PIPE investors), which may increase the risk that our initial business combination becomes subject to regulatory review, including review
by CFIUS. As such, an initial business combination with a U.S. business or foreign business with U.S. subsidiaries that we may wish to
pursue may be subject to CFIUS review. If a particular proposed initial business combination with a U.S. business falls within CFIUS’s
jurisdiction, we may determine that we are required to make a mandatory filing or that we will submit to CFIUS review on a voluntary basis,
or to proceed with the transaction without submitting to CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the transaction. CFIUS
may decide to block or delay our proposed initial business combination, impose conditions with respect to such initial business combination
or request the President of the United States to order us to divest all or a portion of the U.S. target business of our initial business
combination that we acquired without first obtaining CFIUS approval, which may limit the attractiveness of, delay or prevent us from pursuing
certain target companies that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders. As a result, the pool of potential
targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing
with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have any foreign ownership issues. In addition, certain federally licensed
businesses may be subject to rules or regulations that limit foreign ownership. 

   

 The process of government review, whether by CFIUS
or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our initial business combination, our failure to obtain
any required approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate. If we are unable to consummate our initial business
combination within the applicable time period required under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, including
as a result of extended regulatory review of a potential initial business combination, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, subject
to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such event,
our shareholders will miss the opportunity to benefit from an investment in a target company and the appreciation in value of such investment.
Additionally, our Warrants may be worthless. 

   

 Because we must furnish our shareholders with
target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with
some prospective target businesses. 

   

 The federal proxy rules require that the proxy
statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure.
We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required
under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to GAAP or
international financial reporting standards as issued by IFRS depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may
be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of
potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose
such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

   

 Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. 

   

 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ending December 31, 2024. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer
qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not
be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial
reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly
burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination
may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development
of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary
to complete any such business combination. 

   

 

 
     25 
       
     

   

 In recent years, the number of SPACs that have
been formed has increased substantially, potentially resulting in more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost
of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

   

 In recent years, the number of SPACs that have
been formed has increased substantially. Because there are more SPACs seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate
targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find
and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms
favorable to our investors altogether. 

   

 Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination
Company 

   

 Subsequent to our completion of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges
that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which
could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

   

 Even if we conduct due diligence on a target business
with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present within a particular
target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors
outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later
write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting
losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize
in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate
impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our
securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result
of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial
business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination
could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value
unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or
other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material
omission. 

   

 The officers and directors of an acquisition
candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target’s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

   

 The role of an acquisition candidate’s key
personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain
members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial
business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

   

 Our management may not be able to maintain
control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target
business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

   

 We may structure our initial business combination
so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100% of the equity interests
or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for
us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that
does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders
prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations
ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a
target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of
new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued
and outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently
combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the Company’s shares than we initially
acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 

   

 

 
     26 
       
     

   

 We may have a limited ability to assess the
management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose
management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

   

 When evaluating the desirability of effecting
our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business’s management may
be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business’s management,
therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target
business’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and
profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders
following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors
of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material
misstatement or material omission. 

   

 We may seek business combination opportunities
with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our
desired results. 

   

 We may seek business combination opportunities
with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we would intend to implement such
improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination
may not be as successful as we anticipate. 

   

 To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent
in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our
management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to
properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve
our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that
we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control
or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful
as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

   

 Our initial business combination and our structure
thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our shareholders and warrant holders. As a result of our business combination, our tax
obligations may be more complex, burdensome and/or uncertain. 

   

 Although we will attempt to structure our initial
business combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain
and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in connection with our
initial business combination and subject to any requisite shareholder approval, we may: structure our business combination in a manner
that requires shareholders and/or warrant holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes; effect a business combination with a target
company in another jurisdiction; or reincorporate in a different jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction in which
the target company or business is located). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay
taxes in connection with our business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a shareholder or a warrant holder may need to satisfy any
liability resulting from our initial business combination with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of the shares or
warrants received. In addition, shareholders and warrant holders may also be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes
with respect to their ownership of us after our initial business combination. 

   

 In addition, we may effect a business combination
with a target company that has business operations outside of the United States, and possibly, business operations in multiple jurisdictions.
If we effect such a business combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in a number
of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax obligations
and filings in other jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations by U.S. federal, state, local
and non-U.S. taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability
and financial condition. 

   

 

 
     27 
       
     

   

 Risks Relating to Acquiring and Operating a
Business in Foreign Countries 

   

 If we effect our initial business combination
with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect
us. 

   

 If we pursue a target company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection
with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination,
we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

   

 If we pursue a target a company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with
cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination,
conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies
and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

   

 If we effect our initial business combination
with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international
setting, including any of the following: 

   

 
 ● costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business
operations; 
 

   

 
 ● rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 
 

   

 
 ● complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 
 

   

 
 ● laws governing the manner in which future business combinations
may be effected; 
 

   

 
 ● exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 
 

   

 
 ● tariffs and trade barriers; 
 

   

 
 ● regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 
 

   

 
 ● local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 
 

   

 
 ● unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 
 

   

 
 ● challenges in managing and staffing international operations; 
 

   

 
 ● longer payment cycles; 
 

   

 
 ● tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax
laws as compared to the United States; 
 

   

 
 ● currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 
 

   

 
 ● rates of inflation; 
 

   

 
 ● challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 
 

   

 
 ● cultural and language differences; 
 

   

 

 
     28 
       
     

   

 
 ● employment regulations; 
 

   

 
 ● underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 
 

   

 
 ● corruption; 
 

   

 
 ● protection of intellectual property; 
 

   

 
 ● social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 
 

   

 
 ● regime changes and political upheaval; 
 

   

 
 ● terrorist attacks, natural disasters, widespread health emergencies
and wars; and 
 

   

 
 ● deterioration of political relations with the United States. 
 

   

 We may not be able to adequately address these
additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such
initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

   

 We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction,
which may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. 

   

 We may, in connection with our initial business
combination or otherwise and, to the extent applicable, subject to requisite shareholder approval by special resolution under the Companies
Act (with respect to which only holders of Class B ordinary shares will be entitled to vote prior to our initial business combination),
reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require
a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident
or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity (or may otherwise result in adverse tax consequences). We do not
intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject
to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants after the reincorporation. 

   

 We may reincorporate in or transfer by way
of continuation to another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern
some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

   

 In connection with our initial business combination,
we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the
laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing
laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce
or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 

   

 If our management following our initial business
combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such
laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

   

 Following our initial business combination, our
management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the Company and the management of the target business at the time
of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities
laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar
with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect
our operations. 

   

 

 
     29 
       
     

   

 Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies
may cause a target business’ ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

   

 In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target,
all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions,
if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions
fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such
currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial
business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the
dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase,
which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

   

 After our initial business combination, substantially
all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in such
country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects may be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and
legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

   

 The economic, political and social conditions,
as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be
uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future
such country’s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in
certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find
an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination,
the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

   

 Risks Relating to our Management Team 

   

 We are dependent upon our officers and directors
and their loss, or a reduction in the amount of time they can dedicate to our initial business combination, could adversely affect our
ability to operate. 

   

 Our operations are dependent upon a relatively
small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service
of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors
are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating
their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected
loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

   

 Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

   

 Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however,
cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory
positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain
in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you
that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating
a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

   

 

 
     30 
       
     

   

 Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination
may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
business combination is the most advantageous. 

   

 Our key personnel may be able to remain with our
Company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements
in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination
and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would
render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel’s retention
or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

   

 Our officers and directors will allocate their
time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This
conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

   

 Our officers and directors are not required to,
and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations
and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the
completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors for which he may be entitled
to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs.
Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officers’ and directors’ other
business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could
limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination
target. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business
combination. For a complete discussion of our officers’ and directors’ other business affairs, please see “ Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance .” 

   

 Our officers and directors presently have,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including other blank check
companies, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and in determining to which entity a particular business
opportunity should be presented. 

   

 Our Sponsor, its managing member, and our officers
and directors are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are
engaged in a similar business. We do not have employment contracts with our officers and directors that will limit their ability to work
at other businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or
contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination
opportunity to such entities. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity
prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer
shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered
an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer,
on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

   

 In addition, our Sponsor and our officers and
directors may sponsor or form other SPACs with acquisition objectives that are similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment
ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. As a result, our Sponsor, officers and directors could
have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other SPAC with which
they may become involved. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial
business combination target. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete
our initial business combination. 

   

 For a complete discussion of our officers’ and
directors’ business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see “ Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance ” and “ Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence .” 

   

 

 
     31 
       
     

   

 Our officers, directors, security holders and
their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

   

 We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment
to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business
combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so.
Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types
conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. Any such companies, businesses
or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination target. However, we do not believe
that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

   

 The personal and financial interests of our directors
and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination.
Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in
a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate
and in our shareholders’ best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter
of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders’
rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

   

 Members of our management team and board of
directors have significant experience as board members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result, certain of those persons
have been, may be, or may become, involved in proceedings, investigations and litigation relating to the business affairs of the companies
with which they were, are, or may in the future be, affiliated. This may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our ability to
consummate an initial business combination. 

   

 During the course of their careers, members of
our management team and board of directors have had significant experience as board members, officers or executives of other companies.
As a result of their involvement and positions in these companies, certain persons were, are now, or may in the future become, involved
in litigation, investigations or other proceedings relating to the business affairs of such companies or transactions entered into by
such companies. Any such litigation, investigations or other proceedings may divert our management team’s and board’s attention
and resources away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our initial business combination and may negatively
affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

   

 Members of our management team and affiliated
companies may have been, and may in the future be, involved in civil disputes or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. 

   

 Members of our management team have been (and
intend to be) involved in a wide variety of businesses. Such involvement has, and may lead to, media coverage and public awareness. As
a result, members of our management team and affiliated companies may have been, and may in the future be, involved in civil disputes
or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. Any such claims or investigations may be detrimental to our reputation and could
negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination and may have an adverse effect on the price of
our securities. 

   

 Our Letter Agreement with our Sponsor, officers
and directors may be amended without shareholder approval. 

   

 Our Letter Agreement with our Sponsor, officers
and directors contain provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder shares and Private Placement Warrants, indemnification
of the Trust Account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the Trust Account. The Letter Agreement
may be amended without shareholder approval. While we do not expect our board to approve any further amendments to the Letter Agreement
prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary
duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to the Letter Agreement. Any such amendments to the Letter Agreement would not require
approval from our shareholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

   

 

 
     32 
       
     

   

 Risks Relating to our Securities 

   

 You will not have any rights or interests in
funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to
sell your Public Shares or Public Warrants, potentially at a loss. 

   

 Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then
only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations
and on the conditions described herein, (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our Public Shares if we do not complete our
initial business combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders’
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our Public Shares if we are unable to complete
an initial business combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances
will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of Warrants will not have any right to
the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the Warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell
your Public Shares or Public Warrants, potentially at a loss. 

   

 Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading
on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

   

 Our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Public
Warrants are listed on Nasdaq. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to
our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we
must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum market value of listed securities
(generally $50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 400 public holders). Additionally, in connection
with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq’s initial listing requirements,
which are more rigorous than Nasdaq’s continued listing requirements. For instance, unless we decide to list on a different Nasdaq
tier such as the Nasdaq Capital Market which has different initial listing requirements, our share price would generally be required to
be at least $4.00 per share , the market value of our listed securities would be required to be at least $75 million, the market value
of our unrestricted publicly held shares would be required to be at least $20 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 400
round lot holders of our securities, with at least 50% of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least $2,500.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

   

 If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading
on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be
quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

   

 
 ● a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 

   

 
 ● reduced liquidity for our securities; 
 

   

 
 ● a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are
a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules
and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 
 

   

 
 ● a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 
 

   

 
 ● a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain
additional financing in the future. 
 

   

 

 
     33 
       
     

   

 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996,
which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as “covered
securities.” Because our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our securities qualify as
covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute
does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then
the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these
powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities
regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities
of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered
securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

   

 The nominal purchase price paid by our Sponsor
for the founder shares may result in significant dilution to the implied value of your Public Shares upon the consummation of our initial
business combination, and our Sponsor is likely to make a substantial profit on its investment in us in the event we consummate an initial
business combination, even if the business combination causes the trading price of our ordinary shares to materially decline. 

   

 We offered our Units at an offering price of $10.00
per Unit and the amount in our Trust Account was initially $10.05 per Public Share, implying an initial value of $10.05 per Public Share.
However, prior to the IPO, our Sponsor paid a nominal aggregate purchase price of $25,000 for the founder shares, or approximately $0.004
per share. As a result, the value of your Public Shares may be significantly diluted upon the consummation of our initial business combination,
when the founder shares are converted into Class A ordinary shares. 

   

 The following table shows the public shareholders’
and our Sponsor’s investment per share and how these compare to the implied value of one Class A ordinary share upon the completion
of our initial business combination. The following table assumes that (i) our valuation is $238,150,000 (which is the amount we would
have in the Trust Account for our initial business combination assuming the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised
and following payment of the underwriters’ deferred fee), (ii) no interest is earned on the funds held in the Trust Account,
(iii) no Public Shares are redeemed in connection with our initial business combination and (iv) all founder shares are held
by our initial shareholders upon completion of our initial business combination, and does not take into account other potential impacts
on our valuation at the time of the initial business combination, such as (i) the value of our Public Warrants and Private Placement
Warrants, (ii) the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares, (iii) the initial business combination transaction costs
(other than the payment of $13,100,000 of deferred underwriting commissions), (iv) any equity issued or cash paid to the target’s
sellers, (v) any equity issued to other third party investors, or (vi) the target’s business itself. 

   

 
   
     Public shares   
       25,000,000   
   
     Founder shares   
       6,250,000   
   
     Total shares   
       31,250,000   
   
     Total funds in trust available for initial business combination   
     $ 238,150,000   
   
     Public shareholders’ investment per Class A ordinary share (1)   
     $ 10.00   
   
     Sponsor’s investment per Class B ordinary share (2)   
     $ 0.004   
   
     Initial implied value per Public Share   
     $ 10.05   
   
     Implied value per share upon consummation of initial business combination (3)   
     $ 7.62   
   


   

 

   

 

 
 (1) While the public shareholders’ investment is in both
the Public Shares and the Public Warrants, for purposes of this table the full investment amount is ascribed to the Public Shares only. 
 

 
 (2) The total investment in the equity of the Company by the
Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. is $7,675,000, consisting of (i) $25,000 paid by the Sponsor for the founder shares,
(ii) $6,000,000 paid by the Sponsor for 5,500,000 Private Placement Warrants and (iii) $1,500,000 paid by Cantor Fitzgerald &
Co. for 1,650,000 private placement warrants. For purposes of this table, the full investment amount is ascribed to the founder shares
only. 
 

 
 (3) All founder shares would automatically convert into Class A
ordinary shares upon completion of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holder. 
 

   

 

 
     34 
       
     

   

 Based on these assumptions, each Class A
ordinary share would have an implied value of $7.62 per share upon completion of our initial business combination, representing an approximately
24.2% decrease from the initial implied value of $10.05 per Public Share. While the implied value of $7.62 per Class A ordinary share
upon completion of our initial business combination would represent a dilution to our public shareholders, this would represent a significant
increase in value for our Sponsor relative to the price it paid for each founder share. At $7.62 per Class A ordinary share, the
6,250,000 Class A ordinary shares that the Sponsor would own upon completion of our initial business combination (after automatic
conversion of the 6,250,000 founder shares) would have an aggregate implied value of $47,625,000. As a result, even if the trading price
of our Class A ordinary share significantly declines, the value of the founder shares held by our Sponsor will be significantly greater
than the amount our Sponsor paid to purchase such shares. In addition, our Sponsor could potentially recoup its entire investment in our
Company even if the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares after the initial business combination is as low as $0.95 per share.
As a result, our Sponsor is likely to earn a substantial profit on its investment in us upon disposition of its Class A ordinary
shares even if the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares declines after we complete our initial business combination. Our
Sponsor may therefore be economically incentivized to complete an initial business combination with a riskier, weaker-performing or
less-established target business than would be the case if our Sponsor had paid the same per share price for the founder shares as
our public shareholders paid for their Public Shares. 

   

 This dilution would increase to the extent that
the anti-dilution provisions of the founder shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis
upon conversion of the founder shares at the time of our initial business combination and would become exacerbated to the extent that
public shareholders seek redemptions from the trust for their Public Shares. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection
in the founder shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial business combination would be
disproportionately dilutive to our Class A ordinary shares. 

   

 Because we are incorporated under the laws
of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal
courts may be limited. 

   

 We are an exempted company incorporated under
the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States
upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 

   

 Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also be subject
to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by
minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed
by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent
in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding
on a court in the Cayman Islands. 

   

 The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary
responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent
in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared
to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate
law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the
United States. 

   

 We have been advised by Conyers Dill &
Pearman LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against
us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the
United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated
upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed
by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments
obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes
upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign
judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in
respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds
of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the
Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay
enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

   

 

 
     35 
       
     

   

 As a result of all of the above, public shareholders
may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or
controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

   

 After our initial business combination, it
is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located
outside the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

   

 It is possible that after our initial business
combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located
outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States
to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States
courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

   

 Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

   

 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best
interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of
and issue new series of preference shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that
otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

   

 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that the courts of the Cayman Islands will be the exclusive forums for certain disputes between us and our shareholders,
which could limit our shareholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for complaints against us or our directors, officers
or employees. 

   

 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall
have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association or otherwise related in any way to each shareholder’s shareholding in us, including but not limited to: (i) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty
owed by any of our current or former director, officer or other employee to us or our shareholders; (iii) any action asserting a
claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Companies Act or our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; or (iv) any
action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine (as such concept is recognized under the laws of the United States)
and that each shareholder irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands over all such claims or
disputes. The forum selection provision in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not apply to actions or
suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district
courts of the United States are, as a matter of the laws of the United States, the sole and exclusive forum for determination
of such a claim. 

   

 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association also provide that, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that we may have, each of our shareholders acknowledges
that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum
and that accordingly we shall be entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance or other
equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum. 

   

 This choice of forum provision may increase a
shareholder’s cost and limit the shareholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other
employees. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any of our shares or other securities, whether by transfer, sale, operation
of law or otherwise, shall be deemed to have notice of and have irrevocably agreed and consented to these provisions. There is uncertainty
as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies’
charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. It is possible that a court could find this type of provisions to be inapplicable
or unenforceable, and if a court were to find this provision in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to be
inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions,
which could have adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

   

 

 
     36 
       
     

   

 An investment in our securities may result
in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. 

   

 An investment in our securities may result in
uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar
to the Units we issued in our IPO, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between the Class A ordinary
share and the one-half of a Public Warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share included in each unit could be challenged by the U.S.
Internal Revenue Service (“ IRS ”) or courts. In addition, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise
of warrants included in the units we are issuing in this offering is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption
rights with respect to our Class A ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. holder’s holding period for purposes of determining
whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss
and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered “qualified dividend income” for U.S. federal income tax
purposes. Investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when acquiring, owning or
disposing of our securities. 

   

 We may amend the terms of the Warrants in a
manner that may be adverse to holders of Public Warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding Public
Warrants. As a result, the Warrants may be exchanged for cash, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period
could be shortened and the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without
your approval. 

   

 Our Warrant Agreement provides that the terms
of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or to correct any defective
provision or mistake, including to conform the provisions of the Warrant Agreement to the description of the terms of the Warrants and
the Warrant Agreement set forth in the final prospectus for our IPO, (ii) adjusting the provisions relating to cash dividends on
ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the Warrant Agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect
to matters or questions arising under the Warrant Agreement as the parties to the Warrant Agreement may deem necessary or desirable and
that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the Warrants, provided that the approval by the
holders of at least 50% of the then-outstanding Public Warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests
of the registered holders of Public Warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder
of Public Warrants if holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding Public Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability
to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the consent of at least 50% of the then outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited, examples
of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the Public Warrants, convert the Public
Warrants into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise
of a Public Warrant. 

   

 Our Warrant Agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive
forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our Warrants, which could limit the ability of
warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our Company. 

   

 Our Warrant Agreement provides that, subject to
applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the Warrant Agreement, including
under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall
be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such
courts represent an inconvenient forum. With respect to any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, we note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this
provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section
22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

   

 

 
     37 
       
     

   

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the Warrant Agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other
claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity
purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our Warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum
provisions in our Warrant Agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the Warrant
Agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York (a “ foreign action ”) in the name of any holder of our Warrants, such holder shall be deemed
to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection
with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an “ enforcement action ”), and (y) having
service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder’s counsel in
the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder’s ability to
bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our Company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively,
if a court were to find this provision of our Warrant Agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified
types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and
resources of our management and board of directors. 

   

 A provision of our Warrant Agreement may make
it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

   

 If (i) we
issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of an
initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or
effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or
its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance)
(the “ Newly Issued Price ”), (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total
equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial business combination on the date of the consummation of
the initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares
during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination
(such price, the “ Market Value ”) is below $9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the Warrants will be adjusted
to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described
under “ Description of Securities—Warrants—Public Shareholders’ Warrants—Redemption of warrants when the
price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $18.00 ” in the final prospectus for our IPO will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.  This
may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

   

 To the extent our Warrants ever become exercisable, we may redeem
your unexpired Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your Warrants worthless.  

   

 We have the ability to redeem outstanding Warrants
at any time prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per Warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares
equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period commencing at least 150 days after completion of our initial business
combination and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption to the warrants holders
and provided certain other conditions are met. We will not redeem the Warrants as described above unless a registration statement under
the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is then effective and a
current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the measurement period. If and when the Warrants
become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the Warrants is
not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification.
We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such ordinary shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states
in which the Warrants were offered by us in our IPO. Redemption of the outstanding Warrants could force you to (i) exercise your Warrants
and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your Warrants at the then-current
market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding
warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

   

 

 
     38 
       
     

   

 Our Warrants may have an adverse effect on
the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

   

 We issued Public Warrants to purchase 12,500,000
of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the Units offered in the IPO and, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 7,650,000
Private Placement Warrants, at $1.00 per warrant. In addition, if the Sponsor makes any Working Capital Loans, it may convert those loans
into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of $1.00 per warrant. To the extent we issue ordinary shares
to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares
upon exercise of these Warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such Warrants, when exercised,
will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares
issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our Warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or
increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

   

 Because each Unit contains one-half of
one Public Warrant and only a whole Public Warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than units of other SPACs. 

   

 Each Unit contains one-half of one Public
Warrant. Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, no fractional Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units, and only whole Units will
trade. If, upon exercise of the Public Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon
exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is
different from some other SPACs whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one share. We established the
components of the Units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the Warrants upon completion of a business combination since
the Warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole
warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this
Unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if it included a whole warrant to purchase one share. 

   

 Holders of Class A ordinary shares will
not be entitled to vote on   continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside of the Cayman Islands. 

   

 As holders of our Class A ordinary shares,
our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside of the Cayman Islands (including
any special resolution required to amend the constitutional documents of the Company or to adopt new constitutional documents of the Company,
in each case, as a result of the Company approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside of the Cayman Islands). 

   

 You will not be permitted to exercise your
Public Warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions are available. 

   

 If the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares
upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act
and applicable state securities laws, holders of Public warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may
have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of Units will have paid the
full Unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units. 

   

 We registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the Public Warrants in the registration statement for our IPO because the Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after
the completion of our initial business combination, which may be within one year of our IPO. However, because the Warrants will be exercisable
until their expiration date of up to five years after the completion of our initial business combination, in order to comply with the
requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act following the consummation of our initial business combination, under the terms
of the Warrant Agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing
of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment
to the IPO registration statement or a new registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and thereafter will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus
relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants until the expiration of the Warrants in accordance
with the provisions of the Warrant Agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events
arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements
contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. 

   

 

 
     39 
       
     

   

 If the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the Warrant Agreement, holders of Warrants who
seek to exercise their Warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless basis in
accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. 

   

 In no event will Warrants be exercisable for cash
or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their Warrants, unless the issuance
of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption
from registration or qualification is available. 

   

 If our Class A ordinary shares are at the
time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of “covered
securities” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of Warrants who seek
to exercise their Warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register
or qualify the shares underlying the Warrants under applicable state securities laws. 

   

 In no event will we be required to net cash settle
any Warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in exchange for the Warrants
in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the Warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state
securities laws. 

   

 You may only be able to exercise your Public
Warrants on a “cashless basis” under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer Class A ordinary
shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 

   

 The Warrant Agreement provides that in the following
circumstances holders of Warrants who seek to exercise their Warrants will not be permitted to do for cash and will, instead, be required
to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the Warrant
Agreement; (ii) if we have so elected and the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed
on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of “covered securities” under Section 18(b)(1) of
the Securities Act; and (iii) if we have so elected and we call the Public Warrants for redemption. 

   

 If you exercise your Public Warrants on a cashless
basis, you would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the Warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the Warrants, multiplied
by the excess of the “fair market value” of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined in the next sentence) over the exercise
price of the Warrants by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” is the average reported closing price of
the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice
of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Warrants, as applicable. As
a result, you would receive fewer Class A ordinary shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such Warrants for cash. 

   

 The grant of registration rights to our Sponsor,
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and other holders of our Private Placement Warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial
business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

   

 Pursuant to the registration rights agreement
entered into in relation to the IPO, our Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., and their permitted transferees can demand that we
register the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, holders of our Private Placement Warrants and their
permitted transferees can demand that we register the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the Private Placement Warrants or holders of securities that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and their permitted
transferees may demand that we register such Units, shares, Warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such
Warrants and any other securities of the Company acquired by them prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. We will
bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading
in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of
the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders
of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the
negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our initial
shareholders, holders of our Private Placement Warrants or holders of our Working Capital Loans or their respective permitted transferees
are registered. 

   

 

 
     40 
       
     

   

 General Risk Factors 

   

 Past performance by our management team, our
advisors and their respective affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which
they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. 

   

 Information regarding our management team, our
advisors and their respective affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which
they have been associated, is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance by our management team, our
advisors and their respective affiliates and the businesses with which they have been associated, is not a guarantee that we will be able
to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination, that we will be able to provide positive returns to
our shareholders, or of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical
experiences of our management team, our advisors and their respective affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they
have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us
or as indicative of every prior investment by each of the members of our management team, our advisors or their respective affiliates.
The market price of our securities may be influenced by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, and our shareholders may
experience losses on their investment in our securities. 

   

 Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us or
third parties could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

   

 We depend on digital technologies, including information
systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems of infrastructure or the cloud that we utilize,
including those of third parties, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or
confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected
against such occurrences. We also lack sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability
to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have material adverse consequences
on our business and lead to financial loss. 

   

 We may be a passive foreign investment company,
or “PFIC,” which could result in adverse United States federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

   

 If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion
thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined in the section of the IPO registration statement captioned
“ Taxation — United States Federal Income Tax Considerations — U.S Holders ”) of
our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences
and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend
on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception
may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Our actual PFIC
status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (and, in the case of the start-up exception,
potentially not until after the two taxable years following our current taxable year). Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect
to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable
year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the IRS may require, including a PFIC
annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a “qualified electing fund” election,
but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect
to our Warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the
PFIC rules. 

   

 

 
     41 
       
     

   

 The 1% U.S. federal excise tax on stock buybacks
could be imposed on redemptions of our stock if we were to become a “covered corporation” in the future. 

   

 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed
into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, generally imposes a 1% U.S. federal excise tax (the “ Excise
Tax ”) on certain repurchases of stock by “covered corporations” (which include publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.)
corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign (i.e., non-U.S.) corporations) occurring on or after January 1,
2023. The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders from which the stock is repurchased. The
amount of the Excise Tax is generally 1% of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for
purposes of calculating the Excise Tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances
against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the Excise Tax.
The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the “ Treasury ”) has authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry
out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the Excise Tax. On December 27, 2022, the Treasury issued a notice that provides interim
operating rules for the Excise Tax, including rules governing the calculation and reporting of the Excise Tax, on which taxpayers may
rely until the forthcoming proposed Treasury regulations addressing the Excise Tax are published. Although such notice clarifies certain
aspects of the Excise Tax, the interpretation and operation of other aspects of the Excise Tax remain unclear, and such interim operating
rules are subject to change. On June 29, 2023, the IRS issued an announcement that, prior to the time specified in the forthcoming regulations,
taxpayers are not required to report or pay the Excise Tax. However, this suspension of the reporting and payment of the Excise Tax is
temporary, and a substantial risk remains that any redemptions by a covered corporation would be subject to the Excise Tax. 

   

 We are currently not a “covered corporation”
for purposes of the Excise Tax. If we were to become a “covered corporation” in the future, whether in connection with the
consummation of our initial business combination with a U.S. company (including if we were to redomicile as a U.S. corporation in connection
therewith) or otherwise, whether and to what extent we would be subject to the Excise Tax on a redemption of our stock would depend on
a number of factors, including (i) whether the redemption is treated as a repurchase of stock for purposes of the Excise Tax, (ii) the
fair market value of the redemption treated as a repurchase of stock, (iii) the structure of our initial business combination, (iv) the
nature and amount of any “PIPE” or other equity issuances (whether in connection with our initial business combination or
otherwise) issued within the same taxable year of a redemption treated as a repurchase of stock and (v) the content of forthcoming regulations
and other guidance from the Treasury. As noted above, the Excise Tax would be payable by the repurchasing corporation, and not by the
redeeming holder, and only limited guidance on the mechanics of any required reporting and payment of the Excise Tax on which taxpayers
may rely have been issued to date. The imposition of the Excise Tax on us as a result of redemptions by us could, however, reduce the
amount of cash available to pay redemptions or reduce the cash available to the target business in connection with our initial business
combination, which could cause investors in our securities who do not redeem or the other shareholders of the combined company to economically
bear the impact of such Excise Tax. 

   

 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller
reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available
to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, which could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make
it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

   

 We are an “emerging growth company”
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “ JOBS Act” ),
and we take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are
not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our
periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation
and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to
certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances
could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds
$700 million as of any June 30 th  before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company
as of the following December 31 st . We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because
we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions,
the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

   

 

 
     42 
       
     

   

 Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies
(that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that
a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which
means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging
growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

   

 Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting
company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will
remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates is equal to or exceeds $250 million as of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual
revenues equaled or exceeded $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is
equal to or exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations,
it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

   

 We employ a mail forwarding service, which
may delay or disrupt our ability to receive mail in a timely manner 

   

 Mail addressed to the Company and received at
its registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by the Company to be dealt with. None of the Company,
its directors, officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization which provides registered office services in the Cayman
Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay howsoever caused in mail reaching the forwarding address, which may impair your ability
to communicate with us. 

   

 Changes in the market for directors and officers
liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

   

 The market for directors and officers liability
insurance for SPACs has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors
and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally
become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 

   

 The increased cost and decreased availability
of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business
combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company,
the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure
to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination’s
ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

   

 In addition, even after we were to complete an
initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct
alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination
entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims (“ run-off insurance ”). The need
for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate
our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

   

 Increases in inflation in the United States
and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

   

 Increases in inflation in the United States
and elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, or other national, regional or international
economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

   

 

 
     43 
       
     

   

 We have no operating history and are subject
to a mandatory liquidation requirement if we do not complete an initial business combination within the completion window. As such, there
is a risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern if liquidity needs arise or if we do not consummate an initial business
combination by the applicable deadline. If we are unable to effect an initial business combination by the deadline, we will be forced
to liquidate.  

   

 We are a special purpose acquisition company, and as we have no operating history and are subject to a mandatory liquidation requirement, there is a risk that we will be
unable to continue as a going concern if liquidity needs arise or if the Company is unable to complete a business combination within
the completion window and does not further extend such date with the approval of its shareholders or raise additional funds to
alleviate such liquidity needs. Although the Company plans to complete an initial business combination within the completion window,
there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to consummate an initial business combination by such date. In connection
with the Company’s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board’s
Accounting Standards Update (“ ASU ”) 2014-15, “Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern,” management has determined that if the Company is unable to complete an initial business
combination and raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and since the mandatory liquidation deadline is less than 12
months away, there is substantial doubt that the Company will operate as a going concern. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination within such completion window, we will as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will constitute full and
complete payment for the Public Shares and completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the
right to receive further liquidation or other distributions, if any) subject to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide
for claims of creditors and subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to our Warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within the completion window. 

   

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

   

 None. 

   

 Item 1C. Cybersecurity. 

   

 As a blank check
company, we have no operations and therefore do not have any operations of our own that face cybersecurity threats. However, we do depend
on the digital technologies of third parties, as noted in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  of this Annual Report. Any sophisticated and deliberate
attacks on, or security breaches in, systems or infrastructure or the cloud that we utilize, including those of third parties, could lead
to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. Because of our reliance on
the technologies of third parties, we also depend upon the personnel and the processes of third parties to protect against cybersecurity
threats, and we have no personnel or processes of our own for this purpose. Our board of directors oversees risk for our Company, and
prior to filings with the SEC, our board of directors reviews our risk factors, including the descriptions of the risks we face from cybersecurity
threats, as described in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  of this Annual Report. 

   

 Item 2. Properties. 

   

 We maintain executive offices at 167 Madison Avenue,
Suite 205 #1017, New York, NY 10016 provided by an affiliate of our Sponsor as our executive offices at no cost. We consider our current
office space, combined with the office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

   

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

   

 As of December 31, 2023, to the knowledge of our
management, there was no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding pending against us or any members of our management
team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding. 

   

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

   

 Not applicable. 

   

 

 
     44 
       
     

   

 PART II 

   

 Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

   

 Market Information 

   

 Our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “IPXXU”, “IPXX” and IPXXW”, respectively. 

   

 Holders 

   

 As of December 31, 2023, there was one holder
of record of our Units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, one holder of record of our Class B ordinary shares,
one holder of record of our Public Warrants and two holder of record of our Private Placement Warrants a. The number of holders of
record does not include a substantially greater number of “street name” holders or beneficial holders whose Units, Class A
ordinary shares and Public Warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 

   

 Dividends 

   

 We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary
shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions
subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may
be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

   

 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

   

 None. 

   

 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use
of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

   

 None. 

   

 Item 6. Reserved. 

   

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

   

 References to the “Company,” “Inflection
Point Acquisition Corp. II,” “our,” “us” or “we” refer to Inflection Point Acquisition Corp.
II. The following discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in “ Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data ” of this Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors,
including those set forth under “ Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements ,” “ Item 1A. Risk Factors ”
and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

   

 Overview 

   

 We are a SPAC incorporated in the Cayman Islands
on March 6, 2023, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other
similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash derived from the
proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, our shares and debt. 

   

 We expect to continue to incur significant
costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will be successful. 

   

 

 
     45 
       
     

   

 Results of Operations 

   

 We have neither engaged in any
operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023 were
organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for our IPO, described below, and subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target
company for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business
combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of dividend income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We
incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well
as for due diligence expenses. 

   

 For the period from March 6, 2023
(inception) through December 31, 2023, we had net income of $6,748,069, which consists of dividend income earned on marketable
securities held in the Trust Account of $7,721,518 and interest income from bank of $11,763, partially offset by formation and
operating costs of $985,212. 

   

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

   

 Until the consummation of the IPO, our only source
of liquidity was an initial purchase of shares of Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, by the Sponsor and loans
from the Sponsor. 

   

 On May 30, 2023, we consummated the IPO of
25,000,000 Units, which included the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000 Units,
at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of
7,650,000 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., the representative of the underwriters of the IPO,
at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of $7,650,000. 

   

 Following the IPO and the private placements,
a total of $251,250,000 ($10.05 per Unit) was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred transaction costs of $18,361,877 consisting of
$4,400,000 of cash underwriting discount, $13,100,000 of deferred underwriting fees, and $861,877 of other offering costs. 

   

 For the period from March 6, 2023
(inception) through December 31, 2023, cash used in operating activities was $948,006. Net income of $6,748,069 was affected by
dividend income earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $7,721,518 and formation costs paid by the Sponsor in
exchange for issuance of Class B Ordinary shares of $5,845. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided $19,598 of cash for
operating activities. 

   As of December 31, 2023, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of $258,971,518 consisting of investments in money market funds. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account
to pay taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest
earned on the Trust Account (less deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable), to complete our initial business combination.
To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination,
the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses,
make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 
 

   

 As of December 31, 2023, we had cash of $275,665.
We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and
complete a business combination, to pay for directors and officers liability insurance premiums and to pay an aggregate of $27,083 per
month to The Venture Collective LLC (“ TVC ”), an affiliate of one of our directors, Nicholas Shekerdemian, for the services
of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer, and Kevin Shannon, Chief of Staff. On March 28, 2024, we entered into the Amendment to the
Services and Indemnification Agreement, pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of January 1, 2024, was reduced from
$27,083.33 to (i) $17,708.33 for the period from January 1, 2024 to January 31, 2024 and (ii) $24,091 for the period starting February
1, 2024. 

   

 In order to finance working capital or to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of
the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes
an initial business combination, the Company would repay the working capital loans (the “Working Capital Loans). In the event that
the initial business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to
repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $1,500,000
of the Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of
$1.00 per private placement warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

   

 

 
     46 
       
     

   

 We
believe that amounts not held in trust is not sufficient to pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated that are
payable prior to the closing of our initial business combination. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business,
undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may
have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain
additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our
Public Shares upon completion of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection
with such business combination. 

   

 We may need to raise additional capital through
loans or additional investments from our Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Our officers, directors and our
Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing.
If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include,
but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses.
We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time which is considered to be one
year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements, or, if earlier, the date that we will be required to cease all operations,
except for the purpose of winding up, if a business combination is not consummated. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to
continue as a going concern. 

   

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

   

 We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2023. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

   

 Contractual obligations 

   

 We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an aggregate of $27,083 per month to
TVC, for the services of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer, and Kevin Shannon, Chief of Staff. We began incurring such fees on May
24, 2023, and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or our liquidation.
On March 28, 2024, we entered into the Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid
to TVC, effective as of January 1, 2024, was reduced from $27,083.33 to (i) $17,708.33 for the period from January 1, 2024 to January
31, 2024 and (ii) $24,091 for the period starting February 1, 2024. Upon completion of a business combination or its liquidation, we will
cease paying the Monthly Fee. 

   

 The underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting
commission of 5.0% on the base deal and an additional 7.0% on the Units sold pursuant to the underwriters’ option to purchase additional
Units, or $13,100,000 in the aggregate, of the gross proceeds of the IPO held in the Trust Account upon the completion of the Company’s
initial business combination subject to the terms of the underwriting commission. 

   

 Critical Accounting Policies 

   

 The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

   

 Net Income per Share 

   

 Net income per share is computed by dividing net
income by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture.
Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 825,000 Class B ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture
if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters. At December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any dilutive securities
and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company.
As a result, diluted income per share is the same as basic income per share for the periods presented. 

   

 Recent Accounting Standards 

   

 Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s financial
statements. 

   

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk 

   

 We are a smaller reporting company as
defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

   




 

 
     47 
       
     

 
   

 Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data. 

   

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

   

     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID:  1195 )   F-2     Financial Statements:         Balance Sheet   F-3     Statement of Operations   F-4     Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Deficit   F-5     Statement of Cash Flows   F-6     Notes to Financial Statements   F-7   
   


 
     F- 1 
       
     

   

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

   

 

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

 Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II. 

   

 Opinion on the Financial Statements  

   

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2023, the related statement of operations, statement
of changes in shareholders’ deficit and statement of cash flows for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31,
2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

   

 Substantial Doubt about the Company’s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  

   

 The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred
and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans and the Company’s cash and working capital
are not sufficient to complete its planned activities one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s evaluation of the events and conditions
and management’s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to that
matter. 
   

 Basis for Opinion  

   

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

   

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity’s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

   

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

   

     /s/
 UHY LLP       
   

 We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2023. 

   

 New York,  New York 

 April 1, 2024 
   


 
     F- 2 
       
     

   

 INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

 BALANCE
SHEET 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 

   

 
   
     Assets:   
         
   
     Current assets:   
         
   
     Cash   
     $ 275,665   
   
     Prepaid expenses   
       18,390   
   
     Prepaid
    insurance   
       205,604   
   
     Total Current Assets   
       499,659   
   
     Marketable
    securities held in Trust Account   
       258,971,518   
   
     Total
    Assets   
     $ 259,471,177   
   
         
           
   
     Liabilities
    and Shareholders’ Deficit:   
           
   
     Current
    liabilities:   
           
   
     Accrued expenses   
     $ 234,985   
   
     Accrued
    offering costs   
       75,000   
   
     Total Current Liabilities   
       309,985   
   
     Deferred
    underwriting fee payable   
       13,100,000   
   
     Total
    Liabilities   
       13,409,985   
   
         
           
   
     Commitments
    and Contingencies (Note 6)   
           
   
         
           
   
     Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption,  25,000,000  issued and outstanding shares at redemption value of $ 10.36  per share   
       258,971,518   
   
         
           
   
     Shareholders’
    Deficit   
           
   
     Preferred shares, $ 0.0001  par value;  5,000,000  shares authorized;  none  issued and outstanding   
       —   
   
     Class A ordinary shares, $ 0.0001  par value;  500,000,000  shares authorized;  none  issued and outstanding (excluding 25,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption)   
       —   
   
     Class B ordinary shares, $ 0.0001  par value;  50,000,000  shares authorized;  6,250,000  shares issued and outstanding   
       625   
   
     Additional paid-in capital   
       —   
   
     Accumulated
    deficit   
       ( 12,910,951 ) 
   
     Total
    Shareholders’ Deficit   
       ( 12,910,326 ) 
   
     Total
    Liabilities and Shareholders’ Deficit   
     $ 259,471,177   
   

   

 The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 3 
       
     

   

 INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

 STATEMENT
OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 6, 2023 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2023  

 
   
         
           
   
     Formation and operating costs   
     $ 985,212   
   
     Loss from operations   
       ( 985,212 ) 
   
         
           
   
     OTHER INCOME   
           
   
     Interest income from bank   
       11,763   
   
     Dividend income earned on marketable securities held in
    Trust Account   
       7,721,518   
   
     Total other income   
       7,733,281   
   
         
           
   
     NET INCOME   
     $ 6,748,069   
   
         
           
   
     Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Redeemable shares   
       17,916,667   
   
     Basic and diluted net income per share   
     $ 0.70   
   
     Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable shares   
       6,271,250   
   
     Basic and diluted net income per share   
     $ ( 0.93 ) 
   

   

 The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 4 
       
     

   

 INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

 STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 6, 2023 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2023 

   

 
   
         
     Class
    A  Ordinary Shares     
     Class B 
    Ordinary shares     
     Additional 
    Paid-In     
     Accumulated     
     Shareholders’   
   
         
     Shares     
     Amount     
     Shares     
     Amount     
     Capital     
     Deficit     
     Deficit   
   
     Balance as of March 6,
    2023 (Inception)   
       —     
     $ —     
       —     
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ —   
   
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
   
     Issuance of ordinary shares   
       —     
       —     
       6,325,000     
       633     
       24,367     
       —     
       25,000   
   
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
   
     Sale of Class A ordinary
    shares and over-allotment   
       25,000,000     
       2,500     
       —     
       —     
       249,997,500     
       —     
       250,000,000   
   
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
   
     Class A ordinary shares
    subject to possible redemption   
       ( 25,000,000 )   
       ( 2,500 )   
       —     
       —     
       ( 247,910,000 )   
       —     
       ( 247,912,500 ) 
   
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
   
     Underwriters’ compensation   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       ( 17,500,000 )   
       —     
       ( 17,500,000 ) 
   
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
   
     Offering costs   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       ( 861,877 )   
       —     
       ( 861,877 ) 
   
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
   
     Sale of  7,650,000  private placement warrants   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       7,650,000     
       —     
       7,650,000   
   
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
   
     Allocation of offering costs
    related to redeemable shares   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       18,183,179     
       —     
       18,183,179   
   
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
   
     Forfeiture of Founder Shares   
       —     
       —     
       ( 75,000 )   
       ( 8 )   
       8     
       —     
       —   
   
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
   
     Accretion for redeemable
    shares to redemption value   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       ( 9,583,177 )   
       ( 19,659,020 )   
       ( 29,242,197 ) 
   
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
   
     Net
    income   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       6,748,069     
       6,748,069   
   
     Balance
    as of December 31, 2023   
       —     
     $ —     
       6,250,000     
     $ 625     
     $ —     
     $ ( 12,910,951 )   
     $ ( 12,910,326 ) 
   

   

 The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 5 
       
     

   

 INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

 STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 6, 2023 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2023 

   

 
   
     Cash Flows from Operating
    Activities:   
         
   
     Net income   
     $ 6,748,069   
   
     Adjustments to reconcile
    net income to net cash used in operating activities:   
           
   
     Formation costs paid by
    Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares   
       5,845   
   
     Dividend income earned on marketable
    securities held in Trust Account   
       ( 7,721,518 ) 
   
     Changes in operating assets
    and liabilities:   
           
   
     Prepaid expenses   
       ( 9,783 ) 
   
     Prepaid insurance   
       ( 205,604 ) 
   
     Accrued
    expenses   
       234,985   
   
     Net
    cash used in operating activities   
       ( 948,006 ) 
   
         
           
   
     Cash
    Flows from Investing Activities:   
           
   
     Investment
    of cash into Trust Account   
       ( 251,250,000 ) 
   
     Net cash
    used in investing activities   
       ( 251,250,000 ) 
   
         
           
   
     Cash
    Flows from Financing Activities:   
           
   
     Proceeds from sale of Units,
    net of underwriting discounts paid   
       245,600,000   
   
     Proceeds from sale of private
    placements warrants   
       7,650,000   
   
     Repayment of promissory
    note – related party   
       ( 179,665 ) 
   
     Refund of offering costs
    included in accrued offering costs   
       75,000   
   
     Payment
    of offering costs   
       ( 671,664 ) 
   
     Net cash
    provided by financing activities   
       252,473,671   
   
         
           
   
     Net Change
    in Cash   
       275,665   
   
     Cash – Beginning
    of period   
       —   
   
     Cash
    – End of period   
     $ 275,665   
   
         
           
   
     Supplemental
    disclosure of cash flow information:   
           
   
     Deferred
    offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares   
     $ 11,000   
   
     Prepaid services paid by Sponsor
in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares   
     $ 8,155   
   
     Deferred
    offering costs paid through promissory note – related party   
     $ 179,213   
   
     Accretion
    of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value   
     $ 29,242,197   
   
     Deferred
    underwriting fee payable   
     $ 13,100,000   
   
     Forfeiture of Founder
    Shares   
     $ 8   
   
     Formation
    costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares   
     $ 5,845   
   

   

 The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 6 
       
     

   

 Note 1 —
Organization and Business Operations 

   

 Inflection Point
Acquisition Corp. II (the “Company”) is a special purpose acquisition company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted
corporation on March 6, 2023. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with  one  or more businesses (the “Business Combination”).
The Company has not selected any specific Business Combination target. 

   

 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had not
commenced any operations. All activity for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023 relates to the
Company’s formation and the initial public offering (the “IPO”), which is described below, and subsequent to the
IPO, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the
completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of dividend
income on marketable securities held in Trust Account. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 
 

   

 The Company’s
sponsor is Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Sponsor”). 

   

 The registration
statement for the Company’s IPO was declared effective on May 24, 2023. On May 30, 2023, the Company consummated the IPO of  25,000,000  units
(the “Units”), which includes the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of  3,000,000 
Units, at $ 10.00  per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $ 250,000,000 , which is discussed in Note 3. Each Unit consists of one Class
A ordinary share (the “Public Shares”) and one half of one redeemable warrant (the “Public Warrants”) of the
Company, with each whole warrant entitling the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share for $ 11.50  per share, subject to adjustment.
Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of  7,650,000  private placement warrants (the “Private
Placement Warrants”) to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., the representative of the underwriters of the IPO, at
a price of $ 1.00  per Private Placement Warrant, or $ 7,650,000  in the aggregate, which is described in Note 4. Of those  7,650,000  Private
Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased  6,000,000  Private Placement Warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. purchased  1,650,000 
Private Placement Warrants. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $ 11.50  per
share. The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and
the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating
a Business Combination (less deferred underwriting commissions). 

   

 Transaction costs
amounted to $ 18,361,877  consisting of $ 4,400,000  of cash underwriting discount, $ 13,100,000  of deferred underwriting fees, and $ 861,877 
of other offering costs. 

   

 The Company’s
Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least  80 % of the net
balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts and taxes payable on the income
earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will
only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires  50 % or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.   

 

 

 
     F- 7 
       
     

   

 Following
the closing of the IPO, on May 30, 2023, an amount of $ 251,250,000  ($ 10.05  per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in
the IPO and the sales of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in the trust account (the “Trust Account”) and will be
held as cash or invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market
funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company
to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants placed into the Trust Account will
not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination,
(ii) the redemption of the Company’s Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within
18 months from the closing of the IPO or by such earlier liquidation date as the Company’s board of directors may approve
(the “Completion Window”), subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the Company’s Public Shares properly
submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company’s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business
Combination or to redeem  100 % of the Company’s Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination
within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial
Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company’s
creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company’s public shareholders. 

   

 The Company will
provide the Company’s public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion
of the initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial Business Combination
or (ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval
of a proposed initial Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public
shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination,
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Public
Shares, subject to the limitations. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be $ 10.05  per Public Share (without taking
into account interest earned or taxes payable). 

   

 The ordinary shares
subject to redemption were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in accordance
with Financial Accounting Standards Board’s (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480
“Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” 

   

 The Company will
have only the duration of the Completion Window to complete the initial Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete its
initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to $ 100,000 
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will constitute full
and complete payment for the Public Shares and completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the
right to receive further liquidation or other distributions, if any), subject to the Company’s obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and subject to the other requirements of applicable law. 

   

 The Sponsor, officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or
an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company
determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights
with respect to their founder shares and Public Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company’s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion
Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold
if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from
assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any Public Shares purchased during or after
the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination.   

 

 

 
     F- 8 
       
     

   

 The Sponsor has
agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold
to the Company (except for the Company’s independent auditors), or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered
into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement (except for the Company’s
independent auditors), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $ 10.05  per Public Share and (ii) the
actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $ 10.05 
per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any
claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account
(whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of
the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently
verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsor’s
only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

   

 Going Concern
Consideration 

   

 As of December 31, 2023, the Company
had $ 275,665  of cash and working capital of $ 189,674 . The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit
of its acquisition plans. The Company’s cash and working capital are not sufficient to complete its planned activities one year
from the issuance date of the financial statements. In addition, the Company has until November 30, 2024 to consummate a Business Combination.
It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time or that the Company will elect to seek
shareholder approval to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination. If a Business Combination is not
consummated by the Business Combination deadline, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to address this uncertainty through
a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company’s plans to raise capital or to consummate a Business Combination
will be successful within the Completion Window. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 
 

   

 Note 2 — Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

 Basis of Presentation 

   

 The accompanying
financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and pursuant to the accounting and disclosure rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). 

   

 Emerging Growth
Company Status 

   

 The Company is
an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart our
Business Startups Act of 2012, (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

   

 Further, Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards.
The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply
to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the
new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither
an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible
because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.   

 

 

 
     F- 9 
       
     

   

 Use of Estimates 

   

 The preparation
of the financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

   

 Cash and Cash
Equivalents 

   

 The Company considers
all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company
has $ 275,665  in cash as of December 31, 2023. 

   

 Marketable Securities
Held in Trust Account 

   

 At December
31, 2023, all of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market funds which are invested only in U.S. government securities.
Investments in money market funds are presented on the balance sheet at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Dividend income earned from investments in these securities are included in the accompanying statements of operations. 

   

 Offering Costs 

   

 The Company complies
with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A — “Expenses of Offering”.
Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees, cash underwriting discount, and deferred underwriting fees
incurred through the balance sheet date that are related to the IPO. Offering costs were allocated to the separable financial instruments
issued in the IPO based on relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares
were charged against the carrying value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption upon the completion of the IPO and
offering costs allocated to Public Warrants (as defined in Note 3) were charged to shareholders’ deficit upon the completion of
the IPO. 

   

 Fair Value of
Financial Instruments 

   

 The fair value
of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to its short-term nature. 

   

 Class A Redeemable
Share Classification 

   

 The Public Shares
contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company’s liquidation,
or if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Company’s initial Business Combination. In accordance
with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company classifies Public Shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption provisions
are not solely within the control of the Company. The Public Shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO were issued with other freestanding
instruments (i.e., Public Warrants) and as such, the initial carrying value of Public Shares classified as temporary equity are the allocated
proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as it occurs and will
adjust the carrying value of redeemable shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the
closing of the IPO, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying
value of redeemable shares will result in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. Accordingly, at December
31, 2023, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the
shareholders’ deficit section of the Company’s balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately
as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period.
Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated
deficit.   

 

 

 
     F- 10 
       
     

   

 At December
31, 2023, the Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table: 

   

 
   
     Gross proceeds   
     $ 250,000,000   
   
     Less:   
           
   
     Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants   
       ( 2,087,500 ) 
   
     Class A ordinary shares issuance cost   
       ( 18,183,179 ) 
   
     Plus:   
           
   
     Accretion of carrying value to redemption value   
       29,242,197   
   
     Class A Ordinary Shares subject
    to possible redemption, December 31, 2023   
     $ 258,971,518   
   

   

 Income Taxes 

   

 The Company follows
the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740, “Income Taxes” (“ASC 740”).
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the
financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected
to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the
period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. 

   

 The Company
accounts for income taxes under ASC 740. ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial
statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized,
a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company’s management determined
that the Cayman Islands is the Company’s major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related
to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2023, there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued
for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments,
accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company’s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized
tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

   

 The Company is
considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject
to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. 

   

 Net Income per
Ordinary Share 

   

 The Company complies
with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, “Earnings Per Share”. Net income per ordinary share is
computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the period. Accretion associated with
the redeemable shares of Class A ordinary shares is excluded from income per ordinary share as the redemption value approximates fair
value. 

   

 The calculation
of diluted income per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) IPO, and (ii) the
private placement since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. The warrants are exercisable
to purchase  20,150,000  Class A ordinary shares in the aggregate. At December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any dilutive securities
or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company.
As a result, diluted net income per ordinary share is the same as basic net income per ordinary share for the periods presented.   

 

 

 
     F- 11 
       
     

   

 The following
table reflects the calculation of basic and diluted net income per ordinary share (in dollars, except per share amounts): 

   

 
   
         
     For The 
 Period  
    from   March 6,  2023   (Inception)  Through  December 31,   
   
         
     2023   
   
         
         
   
     Net income   
     $ 6,748,069   
   
     Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value   
       ( 21,520,679 ) 
   
     Dividend income from Trust Account   
       ( 7,721,518 ) 
   
     Net loss including accretion of temporary equity
    to redemption value   
     $ ( 22,494,128 ) 
   

   

 
   
         
     For
    The Period from  March 6, 2023  (Inception) Through  December 31, 2023   
   
         
     Redeemable 
    shares     
     Non-redeemable 
    shares   
   
     Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share   
           
         
   
     Numerator:   
           
         
   
     Allocation of net loss   
     $ ( 16,662,030 )   
     $ ( 5,832,098 ) 
   
     Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value   
       21,520,679     
       —   
   
     Net loss including accretion of temporary equity
    to redemption value   
       7,721,518     
       —   
   
     Net income (loss)   
       12,580,167     
       ( 5,832,098 ) 
   
     Denominator:   
             
           
   
     Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding   
       17,916,667     
       6,271,250   
   
     Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share   
     $ 0.70     
     $ ( 0.93 ) 
   

   

 Recent Accounting
Pronouncements 

   

 Management does
not believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on
the Company’s financial statements. 

   

 Risks and Uncertainties 

   

 United States and global markets are
experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the
recent escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization
(“NATO”) deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union
and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities,
including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment
system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance
to Ukraine and to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the escalation
of the Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States,
the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns that
could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable,
they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply
chain interruptions and increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the
global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 
 

   

 Any of
the above mentioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting
from the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could
adversely affect the Company’s search for an initial business combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately
consummate an initial business combination. 

   

 

 
     F- 12 
       
     

   

 Note 3 — Initial
Public Offering 

   

 Pursuant to the
IPO on May 30, 2023, the Company sold  25,000,000  Units, which includes a partial exercise by the underwriter of their over-allotment
option in the amount of  3,000,000  Units, at a purchase price of $ 10.00  per Unit. Each Unit consists of  one  Class A ordinary share,
and one-half of one redeemable Public Warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at
a price of $ 11.50  per share, subject to adjustment. Each warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the initial
Business Combination and will expire  five  years after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

   

 Warrants —  As
of December 31, 2023, there are  20,150,000  warrants issued and outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A
ordinary share at a price of $ 11.50  per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. The warrants cannot be exercised until 30 days
after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time,  five  years
after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

   

 The Company will
not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle
such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying
the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not
be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such
warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered
holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to
a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless.
In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective
for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a Unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the Unit solely
for the Class A ordinary share underlying such Unit. 

   

 Under the terms
of the warrant agreement, the Company has agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after
the closing of its Business Combination, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment
to the registration statement for the IPO or a new registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the same to become effective within 60 business days following the Company’s initial Business Combination and to maintain
a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the
warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60 th ) business day after the closing of the
initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period
when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless basis”
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A
ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the
definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option,
require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration
statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify
the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

   

 If the holders
exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis, they would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number
of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary
shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “fair market value” of the Class A ordinary shares over
the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” is the average reported closing
price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable.   

 

 

 
     F- 13 
       
     

   

 Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds $ 18.00 : Once the warrants become exercisable, the
Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

   

         ●   in whole and not in part;                       ●   at a price of $ 0.01  per warrant;                       ●   upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption (the “30-day redemption period”); and                       ●   if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the “closing price”) of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $ 18.00  per share for any  20  trading days within a  30 -trading day period commencing at least 150 days after completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.   
   

 Additionally, if
the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares,
or by a sub-division of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, sub-division or
similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such
increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling
holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share capitalization of
a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in
such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable
for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights
offering and (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or
exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken
into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair
market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day
period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange
or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

   

 Note 4 — Private
Placement 

   

 Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., the representative of the underwriters, purchased an aggregate
of  7,650,000  Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase  one  Class A ordinary share at $ 11.50  per share, at a
price of $ 1.00  per Private Placement Warrant, or $ 7,650,000  in the aggregate, in a private placement. Of those  7,650,000  Private Placement
Warrants, the Sponsor purchased  6,000,000  Private Placement Warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. purchased  1,650,000  Private Placement
Warrants. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $ 11.50 
per share, subject to adjustment. 

   

 The Private Placement
Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants sold in the IPO except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald &
Co. or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants (i) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of these Private Placement Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders
until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) will be entitled to registration rights and (iii) with
respect to Private Placement Warrants held by Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and/or its designees, will not be exercisable more than
five years from the closing of the IPO in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). 

   

 The Sponsor, officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or
an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company
determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights
with respect to their founder shares and Public Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company’s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation
to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem  100 % of the Public Shares if the Company has not
consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating
to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within
the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public
Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions
from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any Public Shares purchased during or after
the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

   

 

 
     F- 14 
       
     

   

 Note 5 — Related
Party Transactions 

   

 Founder Shares 

   

 On March 8,
2023, the Sponsor made a capital contribution of $ 25,000 , or approximately $ 0.004  per share, to cover certain of the Company’s
expenses, for which the Company issued  5,750,000  founders shares to the Sponsor. On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization
of  575,000 , resulting in the Sponsor holding  6,325,000  founder shares. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated
to reflect the share capitalization. The founder shares included an aggregate of  825,000  shares that were subject to forfeiture by the
Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option was exercised. As a result of the underwriters’
election to partially exercise their over-allotment option on May 30, 2023,  75,000  founder shares were forfeited resulting in the Sponsor
holding  6,250,000  founder shares. The remaining founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

   

 The Company’s
initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares issued
upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of (i) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the
date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination
that results in all of the Company’s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Company’s initial
shareholders with respect to any founder shares (the “Lock-up”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing price
of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $ 12.00  per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after the initial Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction after the initial Business Combination which
results in the Company’s shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the founder
shares will be released from the Lock-up. 

   

 Promissory Note — Related
Party 

   

 The Sponsor agreed
to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $ 300,000  to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. The loan is non-interest bearing,
unsecured and due at the earlier of December 31, 2023 or the closing of the IPO. The outstanding balance of $ 179,665  was repaid
at the closing of the IPO on May 30, 2023. 

   

 Services and
Indemnification Agreement 

   

 Commencing on May 24, 2023, the Company entered
into an agreement pursuant to which it will pay an aggregate of $ 27,083  per month to The Venture Collective LLC (“TVC”), an
affiliate of one of the Company’s directors, Nicholas Shekerdemian, for the services of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer,
and Kevin Shannon, Chief of Staff. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying the Monthly
Fee. In addition, the Company has agreed that it will indemnify the Sponsor and TVC from any claims arising out of or relating to the
IPO or the Company’s operations or conduct of the Company’s business or any claim against the Sponsor and/or TVC alleging
any expressed or implied management or endorsement by the Sponsor and/or TVC of any of the Company’s activities or any express or
implied association between the Sponsor and/or TVC, on the one hand, and the Company or any of its other affiliates, on the other hand,
which agreement provides that the indemnified parties cannot access the funds held in the Trust Account. The services and indemnification
agreement also provides that Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon cannot access the funds held in the Trust Account. For the period from March
6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023, the Company incurred and paid $ 196,806  for these services. 

   

 On March 28, 2024, the Company entered into the
Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of January 1, 2024,
was reduced from $ 27,083.33  to (i) $ 17,708.33  for the period from January 1, 2024 to January 31, 2024 and (ii) $ 24,091  for the period
starting February 1, 2024. Upon completion of a business combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying the Monthly Fee
(see Note 9).   

 

 

 
     F- 15 
       
     

   

 Related Party
Loans 

   

 In order to finance
transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company’s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the “Working Capital Loans”).
If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use amounts held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the
Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $ 1,500,000  of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into
private placement warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $ 1.00  per private placement warrant at the option of
the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2023, no such Working Capital Loans
were outstanding. 

   

 Note 6 — Commitments
and Contingencies 

   

 Registration
Rights 

   

 The holders
of the founder shares, Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such Private Placement Warrants and
Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans have registration rights to require
the Company to register a sale of any of the Company’s securities held by them and any other securities of the Company acquired
by them prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on May 24, 2023.
The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such
securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. 

   

 Underwriters
Agreement 

   

 The underwriters
had a 45-day option from the date of the IPO to purchase up to an additional  3,300,000  Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On
May 30, 2023, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the underwriters elected to partially exercise the over-allotment option to
purchase an additional  3,000,000  Units at a price of $ 10.00  per Unit. The underwriters determined to forfeit the remaining  300,000  Units. 

   

 The underwriters
were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of $ 4,400,000  ( 2.0 % of the gross proceeds of the Units offered in the IPO, excluding any
proceeds from Units sold pursuant to the underwriters’ over-allotment option). Additionally, the underwriters are entitled to a
deferred underwriting commission of  5.0 % on the base deal and an additional  7.0 % on the Units sold pursuant to the underwriters’
option to purchase additional Units (or $ 13,100,000  in the aggregate) of the gross proceeds of the IPO held in the Trust Account upon
the completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

   

 Note 7 — Shareholders’
Deficit 

   

 Preferred
Shares  — The Company is authorized to issue a total of  5,000,000  preference shares at par value of $ 0.0001  each.
At December 31, 2023, there were  no  shares of preferred shares issued and outstanding. 

   

 Class A
Ordinary Shares  — The Company is authorized to issue a total of  500,000,000  Class A ordinary shares at par
value of $ 0.0001  each. At December 31, 2023, there were  no  shares of Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding  25,000,000 
Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 

   

 Class B
Ordinary Shares  — The Company is authorized to issue a total of  50,000,000  Class B ordinary shares at par
value of $ 0.0001  each. On March 8, 2023, the Company issued  5,750,000  Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor for $ 25,000 , or
approximately $ 0.004  per share. On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization of  575,000 , resulting in the Sponsor holding
 6,325,000  founder shares. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization. The founder
shares included an aggregate of up to  825,000  shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters.
As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option on May 30, 2023,  75,000  founder shares were
forfeited resulting in the Sponsor holding  6,250,000  founder shares. The remaining founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.   

 

 

 
     F- 16 
       
     

   

 The founder shares
will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial
Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share
capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that
additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business
Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate,
 20 % of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of
Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued
or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection
with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business
Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans;
provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

   

 Holders of record
of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held on
all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

   

 Note 8 —
Fair Value Measurements  

   

 The Company
follows the guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting
period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. 

   

 The fair
value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company would
have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company
seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable
inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is
used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and
liabilities: 

   

 
   
       
     Level 1: 
     Quoted prices in active markets for identical
    assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur
    with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     Level 2: 
     Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs.
    Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical
    assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 
   
       
       
       
   
       
     Level 3: 
     Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of
    the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 
   
   

 At December 31,
2023, assets held in the Trust Account were comprised of $ 258,971,518  in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. From March 6, 2023 (inception)
through December 31, 2023, the Company did not withdraw any dividend earned on the Trust Account. 

   

 The following
table presents information about the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2023
and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: 

   

 
   
     Description   
     Level     
     December 31, 
    2023   
   
     Assets:   
           
         
   
     Marketable securities held in Trust Account   
       1     
     $ 258,971,518   
   

   

 Note 9 — Subsequent
Events 

   

 The Company evaluated subsequent events
and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date that the financial statements were issued. Based upon this
review, other than as disclosed below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure
in the financial statements. 

   

 On March 28, 2024, the Company entered
into the Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of January
1, 2024, was reduced from $ 27,083.33  to (i) $ 17,708.33  for the period from January 1, 2024 to January 31, 2024 and (ii) $ 24,091  for the
period starting February 1, 2024. Upon completion of a business combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying the Monthly
Fee. 

   


 
     F- 17 
       
     

   

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

   

 None. 

   

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

   

 Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

   

 Disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

   

 Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended December
31, 2023, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required
to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC’s rules and forms.  

   

 We do not expect
that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no
matter how well conceived and operated can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls
and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures,
no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedure can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies
and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. 

   

 Management’s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

   

 This Annual Report
does not include a report of management’s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report
of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

   

 Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

   

 There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during
the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

   

 Attestation
report of the registered public accounting firm 

   

 This Annual Report
does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to an exemption established by the JOBS
Act for emerging growth companies. 

   

 Item 9B. Other Information. 

   

 None . 

   

 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign
Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

   

 Not Applicable. 

   

 

 
     48 
       
     

   

 Part
III 

   

 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance. 

   

 Directors and
Executive Officers  

   

 Our directors and
executive officers are as follows: 

   

 
   
     Name 
       
     Age 
       
     Position 
   
     Michael Blitzer 
       
     46 
       
     Chairman and CEO 
   
     Nicholas Shekerdemian 
       
     29 
       
     Director 
   
     Paula Sutter 
       
     56 
       
     Director 
   
     Elliot Richmond 
       
     44 
       
     Director 
   
     Erica Dorfman 
       
     34 
       
     Director 
   
     Samuel Sayegh 
       
     34 
       
     Director 
   
     Peter Ondishin 
       
     37 
       
     CFO 
   
   

   

 Michael Blitzer
 has been our Chairman and CEO since March 2023, having previously served as co-CEO and director of Inflection Point
Acquisition Corp. (“IPAX”) from February 2021 to February 2023. Mr. Blitzer is the founder and co-CEO of
Kingstown Capital Management, which he founded in 2006 and grew to a multi-billion asset manager with some of the world’s
largest endowments and foundations as clients. Over 17 years, Kingstown has invested in public and private equities, SPACs, PIPEs,
and derivatives. At Kingstown, Mr. Blitzer oversaw and participated in nearly all the firm’s investment decisions including
countless public and private investments in disruptive growth industries. Mr. Blitzer brings an in-depth understanding of public
markets and has invested in a variety of corporate transactions such as spin-offs, rights offerings, public offerings, privatizations,
and mergers & acquisitions. He currently sits on the board of directors and audit committee of Intuitive Machines, Inc. (Nasdaq:
LUNR). He was also a public company director of Signature Group Holdings after its exit from bankruptcy in 2011, where he also sat on
the audit committee, and was on the board of directors of the European mutual fund TREND AD. Mr. Blitzer began his Wall Street
career at J.P. Morgan Securities in 1999 advising companies globally in private debt and equity capital raises followed by work
at the investment fund Gotham Asset Management, which was founded by the author and investor Joel Greenblatt. Mr. Blitzer taught
courses in Investing at Columbia Business School for five years in the 2010s. He holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and
a B.S. from Cornell University where he received the Cornell Tradition Fellowship. Mr. Blitzer currently sits on the Executive Advisory
Board of the Heilbrunn Center for Graham & Dodd Investing at Columbia Business School and is a trustee of Greens Farms Academy
in Westport, CT where he is also Treasurer and Chair of the Investment Committee. We believe Mr. Blitzer is qualified to serve on
our board of directors due to his extensive investment, financial, managerial and oversight experience as an investor and board member. 

   

 Nicholas
Shekerdemian  has served on our board of directors since May 24, 2023. Mr. Shekerdemian previously served as a director
of Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: IPAX) from February 2021 to February 2023. Mr. Shekerdemian is the Founding
Partner of The Venture Collective, a venture capital firm founded in October 2019 focused on solving the world’s largest problems.
The Venture Collective is backed by a series of exited founders, hedge fund managers and Fortune 500 executives and has invested in the
likes of Axiom Space, Infogrid, Builder.ai, LifeBiosciences and HelixNano. Mr. Shekerdemian was previously Founder and CEO, from
January 2016 to January 2019, and Chairman from January 2019 to August 2022, of a venture backed business called
Headstart (sold to Silverback United, Inc. in August 2022). At Headstart, he received backing from investors including Peter Thiel,
Y Combinator, FoundersX Ventures, Hack VC, Plug and Play, and the founders of Zynga and Unity. Mr. Shekerdemian is an advisor
to the United Nations on education through the United National Technology Innovation Lab (UNTIL). Personally, Mr. Shekerdemian is
an active angel investor with 50+ investments spanning consumer, enterprise software and biotech. We believe Mr. Shekerdemian is
qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his managerial, operational and investment experience as a founder, officer and investor. 

   

 

 
     49 
       
     

   

 Paula Sutter
 has served on our board of directors since May 24, 2023. Ms. Sutter previously served as Executive Chairwoman on IPAX from
February 2021 to February 2023. Ms. Sutter began her career over 25 years ago at the Donna Karan Company serving in a
variety of roles. She currently serves on the board of ThredUp Inc. (“ThredUp”), a high-growth re-commerce platform
backed by Goldman Sachs and Park West. 

   

 Ms. Sutter served
as Global President of Diane von Furstenberg (“DvF”) from 1999 to 2013. She joined DvF with the task of relaunching and rebuilding
the brand. Ms. Sutter led DvF’s transformative growth and developed a vast range of accessories and home furnishings, spearheading
the company’s evolution into a true lifestyle omnichannel brand. During her tenure, she built the business from its commercial
launch to an iconic international brand, expanding its global footprint of freestanding DvF stores, launching DvF.com as well as establishing
a substantial presence in department stores worldwide. 

   

 From 2014 to 2017,
Ms. Sutter was Operating Partner at TSG Consumer Partners and CEO of TSG Fashion (collectively, “TSG”). As group CEO, Ms.
Sutter provided hands-on strategic planning as well as operational and management strategy to her portfolio, which included Revolve
Group, Inc. (NYSE: RVLV) (“Revolve”), Forward by Elyse Walker, Alexis Bittar, Backcountry, and Paige Denim. During her
tenure at TSG, Ms. Sutter was deeply involved in the management and sales processes for Paige Denim and Alexis Bittar. Ms. Sutter was
also instrumental in driving topline growth and margin expansion at Revolve which resulted in a successful initial public offering of
the business in 2019. Additionally, Ms. Sutter helped source and diligence new investment opportunities in the broader apparel and retail
space. 

   

 After leaving TSG
Consumer Partners, Ms. Sutter founded Paula Sutter LLC, a brand advisory consulting firm focused on strategic planning, top line growth
initiatives and product development and expansion. Beginning in 2018, she worked closely with several private PE- and VC-backed companies,
including Alexander Wang, Mackage and MeUndies Inc. in both advisory and board of director roles, as well as advising investment firms
including Lee Equity Interluxe and Permira. Ms. Sutter is also a Series A investor in Allbirds, Inc. We believe Ms. Sutter is qualified
to serve on our board of directors due to her extensive managerial, operational, oversight and investment experience as an officer, board
member and investor of consumer brands. 

   

 Elliot Richmond
 has served on our board of directors since May 24, 2023. He was the CFO and a director of Ahren Acquisition Corp. from April 2021
until June 2023. Mr. Richmond has had a successful 20-year career in investment banking, during which he was honored by Financial
News’ “40 Under 40 Rising Stars in Investment Banking.” He was previously a Partner and Managing Director at Moelis &
Company (from 2012 to 2019). Prior to joining Moelis & Company in 2011, Mr. Richmond was Director of UK Investment Banking,
and Head of UK ECM, at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Throughout his career, Mr. Richmond has advised on over $75 billion worth
of domestic and cross-border mergers & acquisitions and equity offerings. Notable transactions where he has taken a leadership
role include WS Atkins $3.2 billion sale to SNC-Lavalin, ICI’s $16 billion sale to Akzo Nobel, WPP’s $2 billion
hostile acquisition of TNS, and Dubai World’s $3.5 billion acquisition of Economic Zones FZE and LSE delisting. Alongside
his investment banking career, Mr. Richmond is also an experienced early-stage investor, having partaken in over 100 private
pre-seed through Series C equity investments across a variety of sectors in the UK and the US. He holds a B.Sc. in Economics
from University College London and has also partaken in the Wharton School’s Merrill Lynch Investment Banking Institute. We believe
Mr. Richmond is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive investment, financial and managerial experience as
an investor and director. 

   

 Erica Dorfman
 has served on our board of directors since May 24, 2023. She currently serves as of Brex’s Head of Global Financial
Products and is responsible for the development of financial products spanning cards, payments, cash movement, reimbursements, credit
limits, billing, and pricing. She was previously the President of Brex Cash from 2019-2022 and led Brex’s application
for a bank charter. Ms. Dorfman previously served as CFO and COO of Tally Technologies from 2018-2019 where she secured a $50 million
Series C financing for the Company anchored by Andreessen Horowitz. Prior to Tally Technologies, Ms. Dorfman served as Vice President
of Capital Markets at SoFi from 2016-2018, overseeing over $10 billion of transactions across asset sales, bank and asset manager
warehouses, and 15+ securitizations across student loans, consumer unsecured loans, and mortgage. Ms. Dorfman served as a private equity
associate at BDT Capital Partners from 2013-2016, and she began her career in investment banking at J.P. Morgan covering industrials
companies from 2011-2013. Ms. Dorfman is an Angel Investor with investments personally across fintech and B2B software. She received
Forbes 30 Under 30 recognition in 2019. We believe Ms. Dorfman is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to her extensive investment,
financial and managerial experience as an officer and investor. 

   

 

 
     50 
       
     

   

 Samuel Sayegh
 has served on our board of directors since May 24, 2023. Mr. Sayegh is the co-founder of UNCAP Investment Management,
an alternative investment firm focused on the digital assets and blockchain space founded in 2021. He is also a shareholder in the management
companies of other alternative asset managers. Previously, Mr. Sayegh served from 2018 to 2021 as the CFO and Head of the Defense
and Intelligence business unit at SPARK Neuro, a Peter Thiel-backed neuroscience software company that has raised over $33 million.
Before that, Mr. Sayegh ran his own consulting business called Palm Advisory services from 2014-2017. Earlier in his career,
Mr. Sayegh worked on the consumer and education teams at LLR Partners, a private equity firm that has raised over $5 billion
since inception. He began his career in investment banking in the industrials group at RBS. Mr. Sayegh attended the University
of Pennsylvania, where he graduated in 2011 with a B.S. from the Wharton School and a B.A. from the College of Arts & Sciences.
We believe Mr. Sayegh is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive investment, financial and managerial
experience as an officer and investor. 

   

 Peter Ondishin
 has been our CFO since April 2023, and he was previously an employee of IPAX. Mr. Ondishin has been the CFO of Kingstown
Capital Management since August 2020, and he was previously the Controller of Kingstown from April 2019 to August 2020.
Beginning in June 2023, Mr. Ondishin will be the CFO of The Venture Collective. Mr. Ondishin was the Assistant Controller for
Atlantic Investment Management from January 2016 to March 2019. Before that, Mr. Ondishin worked as an accountant for
Fir Tree Partners from January 2014 to January 2016. Mr. Ondishin began his career in assurance at PwC. Mr. Ondishin
holds a B.A. and an MBA from Rutgers University, and he is also Certified Public Accountant. 

   

 Number and Terms
of Office of Officers and Directors 

   

 Our board of directors
consists of six members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each
class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance
with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal
year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, which consists of Erica Dorfman and Elliot
Richmond, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, which consists of Paula
Sutter and Samuel Sayegh, will expire at the second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, which
consists of Michael Blitzer and Nicholas Shekerdemian, will expire at the third annual general meeting. 

   

 Our officers are
appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office.
Our board of directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association. 

   

 Director Independence 

   

 Nasdaq rules require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our IPO. An “independent director” is defined
generally as a person who, in the opinion of the Company’s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company
(either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company). Our board of directors
have determined that Paula Sutter, Elliot Richmond, Erica Dorfman and Samuel Sayegh are “independent directors” as defined
in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent
directors are present. 

   

 Committees of
the Board of Directors 

   

 Our board of directors
has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules, the rules of Nasdaq and
Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described
below. 

   

 

 
     51 
       
     

   

 Audit Committee 

   

 Our board of directors
has established an audit committee of the board of directors. Samuel Sayegh, Paula Sutter, Erica Dorfman and Elliot Richmond serve as
the members of our audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members
of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Samuel Sayegh, Paula Sutter, Erica Dorfman and Elliot Richmond are each independent. 

   

 Samuel Sayegh serves
as the chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined
that Samuel Sayegh qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

   

 We have adopted
an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

   

 
 ● assisting board oversight of
(1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent
registered public accounting firm’s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function
and independent registered public accounting firm; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of
the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 
 

   

 
 ● pre-approving all audit
and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting
firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent registered
public accounting firm all relationships the independent registered public accounting firm have with us in order to evaluate their continued
independence; 
 

   

 
 ● setting clear policies for
audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from
the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting firm’s internal
quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer
review, of the independent registered public accounting firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities,
within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with
such issues; 
 

   

 
 ● meeting to review and discuss
our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting
firm, including reviewing our specific disclosures; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant
to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 
 

   

 
 ● reviewing with management,
the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters,
including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material
issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 

   

 Compensation
Committee 

   

 Our board of directors
has established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Paula Sutter, Samuel
Sayegh, Erica Dorfman and Elliot Richmond. Paula Sutter serves as chair of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards
and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have a compensation committee of at least two members, all of whom must be independent.
Paula Sutter, Samuel Sayegh, Erica Dorfman and Elliot Richmond are each independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter,
which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

   

 
 ● reviewing and approving on
an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer’s compensation, evaluating our chief
executive officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of
our chief executive officer’s based on such evaluation; 
 

   

 

 
     52 
       
     

   

 
 ● reviewing and making recommendations
to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and equity based plans that are subject to
board approval of all of our other officers; 
 

   

 
 ● reviewing our executive compensation
policies and plans; 
 

   

 
 ● implementing and administering
our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 
 

   

 
 ● assisting management in complying
with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 
 

   

 
 ● approving all special perquisites,
special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 
 

   

 
 ● producing a report on executive
compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 
 

   

 
 ● reviewing,
                                            evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 

   

 The charter also
provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal
counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.
However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

   

 Director Nominations 

   

 We do not have
a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so
by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e) (2) of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors
may recommend a director nominee for selection by our board of directors. Our board of directors believes that the independent directors
can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing
nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Paula Sutter,
Elliot Richmond, Erica Dorfman and Samuel Sayegh. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors
are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

   

 The board of directors
will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed
nominees to stand for appointment at the next annual general meeting (or, if applicable, an extraordinary general meeting). Our shareholders
that wish to nominate a director for appointment to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association. 

   

 We have not formally
established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general,
in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional
experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best
interests of our shareholders. 

   

 Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

   

 None of our executive
officers currently serves, in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more
executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

   

 

 
     53 
       
     

   

 Code of Ethics 

   

 We have adopted
a code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees (“Code of Ethics”) that complies with the rules and
regulations of Nasdaq. The Code of Ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. A copy
of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain
provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

   

 Conflicts of
Interest 

   

 Under Cayman Islands
law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

   

 
 (i) duty
                                            to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests
                                            of the Company as a whole; 
 

   

 
 (ii) duty
                                            to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral
                                            purpose; 
 

   

 
 (iii) directors
                                            should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 
 

   

 
 (iv) duty
                                            to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 
 

   

 
 (v) duty
                                            not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the
                                            Company and their personal interests; and 
 

   

 
 (vi) duty
                                            to exercise independent judgment. 
 

   

 In addition to
the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as
a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying
out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the Company and the general knowledge skill and experience
of that director. 

   

 As set out above,
directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise
benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or
authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission
granted in the memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

   

 Each of our officers
and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to at least one
other entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such
entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an
entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no
individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain
from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce
any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be
a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

   

 

 
     54 
       
     

   

 Below is a table
summarizing the entities to which our officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

   

 
   
     Individual 
       
     Entity 
       
     Entity’s
    Business 
       
     Affiliation 
   
     Michael
    Blitzer 
       
     Kingstown
    Capital Management, L.P. 
       
     Asset
    management 
       
     Founder
    and Co-Chief Investment Officer 
   
       
       
     Kingstown
    Capital Partners, LLC 
       
     Asset
    management 
       
     Managing
    Member 
   
       
       
     Kingstown
    Management GP LLC 
       
     Asset
    management 
       
     Managing
    Member 
   
       
       
     Kingstown
    Partners Master Ltd, Kingstown Partners II, L.P., Kingstown 1740 Fund, LP and Kingfishers L.P. 
       
     Investment
    Funds 
       
     Funds
    managed by Kingstown Capital Management, LP and Kingstown Management GP LLC 
   
       
       
     Intuitive
    Machines, Inc. 
       
     Infrastructure
    and services company 
       
     Director 
   
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
   
     Nicholas
    Shekerdemian 
       
     The Venture
    Collective 
       
     Venture
    capital firm focused on the intersection between transformational technology and deep positive impact 
       
     Founding
    Partner 
   
       
       
     Headstart
    AI, Inc. 
       
     Technology
    company 
       
     Executive
    Chairman 
   
       
       
     U.K.
    for Teaching by the Top Ltd. 
       
     Consumer
    EdTech company 
       
     Director 
   
       
       
     SVT Ventures
    Ltd. 
       
     Venture
    capital firm 
       
     Director 
   
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
   
     Paula
    Sutter 
       
     ThredUp 
       
     Re-commerce platform 
       
     Director 
   
       
       
     Paula
    Sutter LLC 
       
     Brand
    advisory consulting 
       
     Founder
    and Chief Executive Officer 
   
       
       
     The Venture
    Collective and its affiliates 
       
     Venture
    capital firm focused on the intersection between transformational technology and deep positive impact 
       
     Chairwoman 
   
       
       
     Paramount
    Group, Inc. 
       
     Real
    Estate Investment Trust 
       
     Director 
   
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
   
     Elliot
    Richmond 
       
     Charlie
    Oscar Group Ltd 
       
     E-commerce 
       
     Director 
   
       
       
     Charlie
    Oscar Ventures Ltd 
       
     Investment
    holding company 
       
     Director 
   
       
       
     Different
    Dog Limited 
       
     E-commerce 
       
     Director 
   
       
       
     RFHC
    Ltd 
       
     Investment
    holding company 
       
     Director 
   
       
       
     Ervolution
    Holdings Limited 
       
     Management
    consulting 
       
     Director 
   
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
   
     Erica
    Dorfman 
       
     Brex
    Inc. 
       
       
       
     Head
    of Global Financial Products 
   
       
       
     Greylock
    Capital 
       
     Venture
    capital firm 
       
     Scout 
   
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
   
     Samuel
    Sayegh 
       
     UNCAP
    Investment Management 
       
     Alternative
    investment management 
       
     Co-Founder 
   
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
   
     Peter
    Ondishin 
       
     Kingstown
    Capital Management, L.P. 
       
     Asset
    management 
       
     Adviser 
   
       
       
     The Venture
    Collective and its affiliates 
       
     Venture
    capital firm focused on the intersection between transformational technology and deep positive impact 
       
     Chief
    Financial Officer 
   
   

 In addition, our
Sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other SPACs similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures
during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. As a result, our Sponsor, officers and directors could have
conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other SPAC with which they
may become involved. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial
business combination target. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete
our initial business combination. 

   

 

 
     55 
       
     

   

 Potential investors
should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

   

 
 ● Our
                                            officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs,
                                            which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations
                                            and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to
                                            have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
                                            Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled
                                            to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific
                                            number of hours per week to our affairs. 
 

   

 
 ● Our
                                            initial shareholders currently hold founder shares and Private Placement Warrants. Our Sponsor,
                                            officers and directors have entered into the Letter Agreement, pursuant to which they have
                                            agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and Public Shares
                                            in connection with the completion of our initial business combination or an earlier redemption
                                            in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial business
                                            combination if we determine it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial business
                                            combination. Additionally, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their
                                            rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder
                                            shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
                                            frame, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from assets outside the
                                            Trust Account. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
                                            time frame, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, our Sponsor,
                                            officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares
                                            and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof until the earlier to
                                            occur of: (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (ii) the
                                            date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a
                                            liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our
                                            shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other
                                            property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A ordinary
                                            shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
                                            reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any
                                            30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination,
                                            the founder shares will be released from the lockup. The Private Placement Warrants (including
                                            the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants)
                                            will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business
                                            combination. Because each of our officers and directors will own ordinary shares or warrants
                                            directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular
                                            target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
                                            combination. 
 

   

 
 ● Our
                                            officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular
                                            business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was
                                            included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial
                                            business combination. 
 

   

 We are not prohibited
from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors
or completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated (as defined in our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association) with our Sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm stating that the consideration
to be paid by us in such an initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. We are not required to
obtain such an opinion in any other context. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Except as described
herein, none of our Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, will be paid
any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the Company prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate,
the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, we may pay consulting,
success or finder fees to our independent directors, our advisors, or their respective affiliates in connection with the consummation
of our initial business combination. 

   

 

 
     56 
       
     

   

 In accordance with the Services and Indemnification
Agreement entered on May 24, 2023, we will reimburse TVC, an affiliate of Nicholas Shekerdermian, for the services of Peter Ondishin,
Chief Financial Officer, and Kevin Shannon, Chief of Staff, $27,083 per month. On March 28, 2024, we entered into the Amendment to the
Services and Indemnification Agreement, pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of January 1, 2024, was reduced from
$27,083.33 to (i) $17,708.33 for the period from January 1, 2024 to January 31, 2024 and (ii) $24,091 for the period starting February
1, 2024. Upon completion of a business combination or its liquidation, we will cease paying the Monthly Fee. In addition, we have agreed,
pursuant to the Services and Indemnification agreement relating to the monthly payment for the services of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial
Officer, and Kevin Shannon, Chief of Staff described above, that we will indemnify our Sponsor and TVC from any claims arising out of
or relating to the IPO or the Company’s operations or conduct of the Company’s business or any claim against our Sponsor and/or
TVC alleging any expressed or implied management or endorsement by our Sponsor and/or TVC of any of the Company’s activities or
any express or implied association between our Sponsor and/or TVC, on the one hand, and the Company or any of its other affiliates, on
the other hand, which agreement provides that the indemnified parties cannot access the funds held in our Trust Account. The Services
and Indemnification agreement also provides that Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon cannot access the funds held in our Trust Account. 

   

 We cannot assure
you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

   

 In the event that
we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to
vote their founder shares, and they and the other members of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and any shares
purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

   

 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

   

 Compensation
Discussion and Analysis  

   

 None of our executive officers or directors have
received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. However, we will pay an aggregate of $24,091 (as amended) per month to TVC,
an affiliate of Nicholas Shekerdemian, for the services of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer, and Kevin Shannon, Chief of Staff.
In addition, our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. In addition, we have agreed, pursuant to the Services and Indemnification Agreement with our Sponsor, TVC, Peter
Ondishin and Kevin Shannon relating to the monthly payment for the services of Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon described above, that
we will indemnify our Sponsor and TVC from any claims arising out of or relating to the IPO or the Company’s operations or conduct
of the Company’s business or any claim against our Sponsor and/or TVC alleging any expressed or implied management or endorsement
by our Sponsor and/or TVC of any of the Company’s activities or any express or implied association between our Sponsor and/or TVC,
on the one hand, and the Company or any of its other affiliates, on the other hand, which agreement provides that the indemnified parties
cannot access the funds held in our Trust Account. The Services and Indemnification Agreement also provides that Peter Ondishin and Kevin
Shannon cannot access the funds held in our Trust Account. Further, we may pay consulting, success or finder fees to our independent directors,
our advisors, or their respective affiliates in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. We may also engage
our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as an advisor or otherwise in connection with our initial business combination and certain
other transactions and pay such person or entity a salary or fee in an amount that constitutes a market standard for comparable transactions.
Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or
their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the Trust Account. Other
than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our
reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities
on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements,
no compensation of any kind, including finder’s and consulting fees, will be paid by the Company to our Sponsor, executive officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

   

 

 
     57 
       
     

   

 After the completion
of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management
fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have
not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors
of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. 

   

 Any compensation
to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation
committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

   

 We do not intend
to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial
business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements
to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to
retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do
not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a
determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers
and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

   

 Item 12. Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

   

 The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our ordinary shares as of April 2, 2024. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have
sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect
record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date
of this Annual Report. 

   

 The
beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares is based on 25,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 6,250,000 Class B ordinary shares as of
April 2, 2024 

   

 
   
     Name
    and Address of Beneficial Owner (1)   
     Number
    of  
    Class A  
    Ordinary  
    Shares 
    Beneficially  
    Owned     
     Number
    of  
    Founder  
    Shares 
    Beneficially 
    Owned (2)         
     Approximate 
    Percentage of  
    Total Voting  
    Power   
   
     Inflection Point
    Holdings II LLC (our Sponsor) (3)   
       —     
       6,250,000     
       20.0 % 
   
     Michael Blitzer (3)   
       —     
       6,250,000     
       20.0 % 
   
     Nicholas Shekerdemian   
       —     
       —     
       —   
   
     Paula Sutter   
       —     
       —     
       —   
   
     Elliot Richmond   
       —     
       —     
       —   
   
     Erica Dorfman   
       —     
       —     
       —   
   
     Samuel Sayegh   
       —     
       —     
       —   
   
     Peter Ondishin   
       —     
       —     
       —   
   
     All officers and directors as a group (7 individuals)   
       —     
       6,250,000     
       20.0 % 
   
     Wealthspring Capital LLC (4)   
       2,996,833     
       —     
       9.6 % 
   
     The HGC Fund LP (5)   
       2,425,000     
       —     
       7.8 % 
   

   

 
 (1) Unless
                                            otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following is c/o Inflection Point Acquisition
                                            Corp. II, 167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017, New York, NY 10016. 
 

 

 
 (2) Such
                                            shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or
                                            immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier at
                                            the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 
 

   

 

 
     58 
       
     

   

 
 (3) Inflection
                                            Point Holdings II LLC, our Sponsor, is the record holder of such shares. Michael Blitzer
                                            is the sole managing member of Inflection Point Holdings II LLC and holds voting and
                                            investment discretion with respect to the ordinary shares held of record by Infection Point
                                            Holdings II LLC. Michael Blitzer disclaims any beneficial ownership of the securities
                                            held by Inflection Point Holdings II LLC other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest
                                            he may have therein, directly or indirectly. 
 

 

 
 (4) According
                                            to a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 8, 2024, interests shown are held by (i) Wealthspring
                                            Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Wealthspring Capital”), and
                                            (ii) Matthew Simpson, a United States citizen. Mr. Simpson is a manager of Wealthspring Capital.
                                            The principal business address of such persons is 2 Westchester Park Drive, Suite 108, West
                                            Harrison, NY 10604. 
 

 

 
 (5) According
                                            to a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2024, interests shown are held by (i) HGC Investment
                                            Management Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Canada (“HGC Investment Management”),
                                            and (ii) The HGC Fund LP, an Ontario limited partnership (“HGC Fund”). HGC Investment
                                            Management serves as the investment manager to HGC Fund. The principal business address of
                                            such persons is 1073 Yonge Street, 2nd Floor, Toronto, Ontario M4W 2L2, Canada. 
 

   

 Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

   

 Founder Shares 

   

 On March 8, 2023,
our Sponsor paid $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs in exchange for 5,750,000 founder
shares. On May 24, 2023, we effected a share capitalization of 575,000 founder shares, resulting in our Sponsor holding 6,250,000 founder
shares. On May 30, 2023, the Sponsor surrendered 75,000 founder shares to the Company for cancellation for no consideration, resulting
in the Sponsor holding 6,250,000 founder shares. 

   

 The founder shares
are identical to the Class A ordinary shares, except that: 

   

 
 ● only
                                            holders of Class B ordinary shares will be entitled to vote on continuing the Company
                                            in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to
                                            amend the constitutional documents of the Company or to adopt new constitutional documents
                                            of the Company, in each case, as a result of the Company approving a transfer by way of continuation
                                            in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands); 
 

   

 
 ● the
                                            founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail
                                            below; 
 

   

 
 ● the
                                            founder shares are entitled to registration rights; 
 

   

 
 ● the
                                            founder shares are automatically convertible into our Class A ordinary shares concurrently
                                            with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier
                                            at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to
                                            certain anti-dilution rights; and 
 

   

 
 ● our
                                            Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into the Letter Agreement with us, pursuant
                                            to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their
                                            founder shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of our initial business
                                            combination or an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures
                                            to consummate the initial business combination if we determine it is desirable to facilitate
                                            the completion of the initial business combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights
                                            with respect to their founder shares and Public Shares in connection with a shareholder vote
                                            to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
                                            (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
                                            with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our Public Shares if we have not
                                            consummated an initial business combination within the completion window or (B) with
                                            respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business
                                            combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the
                                            Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business
                                            combination within the completion window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
                                            from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if we fail to complete
                                            our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame and to liquidating distributions
                                            from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them
                                            and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions)
                                            in favor of our initial business combination. 
 

   

 

 
     59 
       
     

   

 The Company’s
initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreements entered into by our Sponsor and management team, not
to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion thereof until the earlier
to occur of (i) one year after the completion of the initial business combination or (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation,
merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial business combination that results in all of the Company’s
shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees
will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Company’s initial shareholders with respect to any founder
shares (the “Lock-up”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or
exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial business combination or (2) if
the Company consummates a transaction after the initial business combination which results in the Company’s shareholders having
the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the founder shares will be released from the Lock-up. 

   

 Private Placement
Warrants 

   

 Our Sponsor purchased
an aggregate of 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of $1.00 per warrant, or $6,000,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement
that closed simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at $11.50 per share. 

   

 The Private Placement
Warrants are identical to the warrants sold in the IPO except that, so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees,
the Private Placement Warrants (i) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject
to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business
combination and (ii) will be entitled to registration rights. 

   

 Related Party
Loans  

   

 On March 7, 2023,
we issued a promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $300,000 (the “Promissory
Note”). The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable upon the earlier of (i) December 31, 2023 or (ii) the completion
of the IPO. The Promissory Note was pain in full on May 30, 2023 and borrowings under the Promissory Note are not longer available. 

   

 In addition, in
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to (except in the case of the committed Sponsor loans), loan us funds
as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial
business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned
amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans (which amount
includes the committed Sponsor loans) may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post business combination entity at a
price of  $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except
as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor or an
affiliate of the Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all
rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account 

   

 

 
     60 
       
     

   

 Services
and Indemnification Agreement  

   

 Commencing on May 24, 2023, the Company entered
into an agreement pursuant to which it will pay an aggregate of $27,083 per month (the “ Monthly Fee ”) to The Venture
Collective LLC (“ TVC ”), an affiliate of one of the Company’s directors, Nicholas Shekerdemian, for the services
of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer, and Kevin Shannon, Chief of Staff (the “ Services and Indemnification Agreement ”).
On March 28, 2024, we entered into the Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement (the “ Amendment to the Services
and Indemnification Agreement ”) pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of January 1, 2024, was reduced
from $27,083 to (i) $17,708 for the period from January 1, 2024 to January 31, 2024 and (ii) $24,091 for the period starting February
1, 2024. Upon completion of a business combination or its liquidation, we will cease paying the Monthly Fee. In addition, the Company
has agreed that it will indemnify the Sponsor and TVC from any claims arising out of or relating to the IPO or the Company’s operations
or conduct of the Company’s business or any claim against the Sponsor and/or TVC alleging any expressed or implied management or
endorsement by the Sponsor and/or TVC of any of the Company’s activities or any express or implied association between the Sponsor
and/or TVC, on the one hand, and the Company or any of its other affiliates, on the other hand, which agreement provides that the indemnified
parties cannot access the funds held in the Trust Account. The Services and Indemnification Agreement also provides that Peter Ondishin
and Kevin Shannon cannot access the funds held in the Trust Account. 

   

 Item 14 .  Principal Accountant
Fees and Services. 

   

 The firm of UHY
LLP acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to UHY LLP for services rendered. 

   

 Audit
Fees . During the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023, fees for services performed in connection with
our IPO, review of the financial information included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the respective periods were
approximately $135,000. 
   

 Audit-Related
Fees.  During the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023, UHY LLP fees for assurance and related
services fees to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements amounts to $59,788. 
   

 Tax Fees .
During the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023, UHY LLP did not render services to us for tax compliance,
tax advice or tax planning. 

   

 All Other Fees .
During the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023, there were no fees billed for products and services provided
by UHY LLP other than those set forth above. 

   

 Pre-Approval
Policy 

   

 Our audit committee
was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although
any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our
audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit
services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit
services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

   

 

 
     61 
       
     

   

 Part IV 

   

 Item 15 .  Exhibits, Financial
Statement Schedules. 

   

 
 (a) The
                                            following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 
 
   

 
 (1) Financial
                                            Statements: 
 
   

 
   
       
     Page 
   
     Report of Independent
    Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 1195) 
     F-2 
   
     Balance Sheet 
     F-3 
   
     Statement of Operations 
     F-4 
   
     Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Deficit 
     F-5 
   
     Statement of Cash Flows 
     F-6 
   
     Notes to Financial Statements 
     F-7 
   
   

 
 (2) Financial
                                            Statement Schedules: 
 
   

 All
schedules are omitted for the reason that the information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or that they are
not required or are not applicable.   

   

 
 (3) Exhibits 
 
   

 The
exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index below are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 Exhibit Index 

   

 

 
   
     Exhibit Number 
       
     Description 
   
     1.1 
       
     Underwriting Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., as representative of the underwriters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 30, 2023). 
   
     3.1 
       
     Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 30, 2023). 
   
     4.1 
       
     Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File. No. 333-271128), filed with the SEC on May 8, 2023). 
   
     4.2 
       
     Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File. No. 333-271128), filed with the SEC on May 8, 2023). 
   
     4.3 
       
     Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File. No. 333-271128), filed with the SEC on May 8, 2023). 
   
     4.4 
       
     Warrant Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 30, 2023). 
   
     4.5* 
       
     Description of Registrant’s Securities. 
   
     10.1 
       
     Letter Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and among the Company, its executive officers, its directors and Inflection Point Holdings II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 30, 2023). 
   
     10.2 
       
     Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 30, 2023). 
   
     10.3 
       
     Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and among the Company, Inflection Point Holdings II LLC and the Holders signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 30, 2023). 
   
     10.4 
       
     Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and between the Company and Inflection Point Holdings II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 30, 2023). 
   
     10.5 
       
     Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and between the Company and Cantor, Fitzgerald & Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 30, 2023). 
 
   

 

 
     62 
       
     

   

 

 
   
     10.6  
       
     Services and Indemnification Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and between the Company, Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, The Venture Collective LLC, Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 30, 2023). 
   
     10.7* 
       
     Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and among the Company, Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, The Venture Collective LLC, Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon. 
   
     10.8 
       
     Promissory Note issued to Inflection Point Holdings II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File. No. 333-271128), filed with the SEC on April 4, 2023). 
   
     10.9 
       
     Securities Subscription Agreement between the Company and Inflection Point Holdings II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File. No. 333-271128), filed with the SEC on April 4, 2023). 
   
     10.10 
       
     Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File. No. 333-271128), filed with the SEC on May 8, 2023). 
   
     14 
       
     Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File. No. 333-271128), filed with the SEC on May 8, 2023). 
   
     24 
       
     Power of Attorney (included in the signature page of this Annual Report)  
   
     31.1* 
       
     Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
   
     31.2* 
       
     Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
   
     32.1** 
       
     Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
   
     32.2** 
       
     Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
   
     97.1* 
       
     Policy relating to recovery of erroneously awarded compensation, as required by applicable listing standards adopted pursuant to 17 CFR 240.10D-1.   
   
     101.INS 
       
     Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
   
     101.CAL 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
   
     101.SCH 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
   
     101.DEF 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
   
     101.LAB 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
   
     101.PRE 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
   
     104 
       
     Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
   
   

 
 * Filed
                                            herewith 
 

 

 
 ** Furnished
                                            herewith 
 

   


 
     63 
       
     

   

 SIGNATURES 

   

 Pursuant to the
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly cause this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

   

 
   
     Date: April 2, 2024 
     Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II 

 
       
       
 
       
     By: 
     /s/ Michael Blitzer 
   
       
     Name:  
     Michael Blitzer 
   
       
     Title: 
     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
   


   

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

   

 KNOW ALL PERSONS
BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Michael Blitzer and Peter Ondishin, his true
and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead,
in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits
thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact
and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming
all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or his or her substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done
by virtue hereof. 

   

 Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

   

 
   
     /s/  Michael Blitzer 
     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
     April 2, 2024 
   
     Michael Blitzer 
     (Principal Executive Officer) 
       
   
       
       
       
   
     /s/ Peter Ondishin 
     Chief Financial Officer 
     April 2, 2024 
   
     Peter Ondishin 
     (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
       
   
       
       
       
   
     /s/ Erica Dorfman 
     Director 
     April 2, 2024 
   
     Erica Dorfman 
       
       
   
       
       
       
   
     /s/  Elliot Richmond   
     Director  
     April 2, 2024 
   
     Elliot Richmond 
       
       
   
       
       
       
   
     /s/ Samuel Sayegh 
     Director 
     April 2, 2024 
   
     Samuel Sayegh 
       
       
   
       
       
       
   
     /s/ Nicholas Shekerdemian 
     Director 
     April 2, 2024 
   
     Nicholas Shekerdemian 
       
       
   
       
       
       
   
     /s/ Paula Sutter 
     Director 
     April 2, 2024 
   
     Paula Sutter 
       
       
   

   

   

   

 64 

   

 

 
 
 00-0000000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 17916667 
 0.70 
 6271250 
 0.93 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 17916667 
 6271250 
 0.70 
 0.93 
 P5Y 
 P5Y 
 
 
 
 
 false 
 FY 
 0001970622 
 
 
 
   
     0001970622 
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassAOrdinaryShare00001ParValueAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:ClassAOrdinarySharesParValue00001PerShareMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassAOrdinaryShareAtAnExercisePriceOf1150PerShareMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
   
   
     2023-06-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
     
   
   
     2024-04-02 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 
     
   
   
     2024-04-02 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:RedeemableSharesMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:NonredeemableSharesMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-05 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-05 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-05 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-05 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
   
   
     2023-03-05 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:IPOMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:IPOMember 
       ipxxu:InflectionPointHoldingsIILLCMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:CantorFitzgeraldMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:SponserMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
       ipxxu:WarrantsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:UnderwritingMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:InvestmentCompanyActMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
 
   
     0001970622 
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:IPOMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:PublicShareMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:SponsorMember 
       ipxxu:IndependentAuditorsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:IndependentAuditorsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:WarrantsMember 
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:WarrantMember 
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember 
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember 
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember 
       ipxxu:SponsorMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:CantorFitzgeraldMember 
       ipxxu:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:FounderSharesMember 
       ipxxu:SponsorMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-08 
     2023-03-08 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:FounderSharesMember 
       ipxxu:SponsorMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-08 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:FounderSharesMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-08 
     2023-03-08 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
   
   
     2023-05-24 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:FounderSharesMember 
       ipxxu:SponsorMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-24 
     2023-05-24 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:FounderSharesMember 
       ipxxu:SponsorMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-24 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:FounderSharesMember 
       us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:FounderSharesMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:SponsorMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:ServicesAndIndemnificationAgreementMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-24 
     2023-05-24 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:ServicesAndIndemnificationAgreementMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
     
   
   
     2024-03-28 
     2024-03-28 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 
     
   
   
     2024-01-01 
     2024-01-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 
     
   
   
     2024-02-01 
     2024-02-01 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 
       us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:UnderwritingAgreementMember 
       us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:IPOMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-08 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:SponsorMember 
       us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-08 
     2023-03-08 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:SponsorMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-08 
     2023-03-08 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
   
   
     2023-05-24 
     2023-05-24 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:FoundersMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-24 
     2023-05-24 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:FoundersMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 
     
   
   
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
   
   
     2023-10-01 
     2023-12-31 
   
 
   iso4217:USD 
 
   xbrli:shares 
 
   
     
       iso4217:USD 
     
     
       xbrli:shares 
     
   
 
   xbrli:pure 
 

 
 
