
 10-K
 1
 d308759d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549      
     Form 10-K
   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF  
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934      
       
 


 
 
 
 


 
   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 
   
 Commission File Number: 001-14965 
   The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Delaware 
   
 13-4019460 
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
   
   (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 
 
 
 200 West Street 
   
 10282 
 
   New York, N.Y. 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
   (212) 902-1000  
 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)  
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 Title of each class: 
   
 Name of each exchange on which registered: 


 
   Common stock, par value $.01 per share 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
   Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
   Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.20% 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
   Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
   Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
   Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series I 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
   Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 5.50% 
 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series J 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
   Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.375% 
 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series K 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
   Depository Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.30% 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series N 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
   See Exhibit 99.2 for debt and trust securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act 

   
 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
       
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  ☒  Yes  ☐  No    Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.  ☐  Yes  ☒  No  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  ☒  Yes  ☐  No    Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  ☒  Yes  ☐  No  
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of the Annual Report on Form 10-K or any amendment to the Annual Report on Form 10-K.  ☒     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer,
a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Large accelerated filer  ☒ 
    
   Accelerated filer  ☐ 
    
 
 Non-accelerated filer  ☐ 
    
   Smaller reporting company  ☐ 
 
 
    
 
    
   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  ☐  Yes  ☒  No    As of June 30, 2016, the
aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $59.3 billion.    As of
February 10, 2017, there were 398,377,814 shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding.    Documents incorporated by
reference : Portions of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.’s Proxy Statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K in response to Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13
and 14.  

 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC.  
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016      
  INDEX  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Form 10-K Item Number 
   
 Page No. 


 
   
 
   PART I 
   
 
   
 1   
 
   
 
   Item 1 
 Business 
   
 1   
 
   
 
   Introduction 
   
 1   
 
   
 
   Our Business Segments and Segment 
Operating Results 
   
 1   
 
   
 
   Investment Banking 
   
 2   
 
   
 
   Institutional Client Services 
   
 2   
 
   
 
   Investing & Lending 
   
 4   
 
   
 
   Investment Management 
   
 4   
 
   
 
   Business Continuity and Information Security 
   
 5   
 
   
 
   Employees 
   
 6   
 
   
 
   Competition 
   
 
   
 6   
 
   
 
   Regulation 
   
 7   
 
   
 
   Available Information 
   
 23   
 
   
 
   Cautionary Statement Pursuant to the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
 Reform Act of 1995 
   
 24   
 
   
 
   Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
   
   25   
 
   
 
   Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
   44   
 
   
 
   Item 2 
 Properties 
   
   44   
 
   
 
   Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
   
   45   
 
   
 
   Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
 45   
 
   
 
   Executive Officers of The Goldman Sachs Group,
Inc. 
   
 45   
 
   
 
   PART II 
   
 46   
 
   
 
   Item 5 
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities 
   
 46   
 
   
 
   Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
   
   
   
   46   
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page No. 
   


 
   
   
 
   Item 7 
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   
   
 47 
   
 
   
   
 
   Introduction 
   
   
 47 
   
 
   
   
 
   Executive Overview 
   
   
 48 
   
 
   
   
 
   Business Environment 
   
   
 49 
   
 
   
   
 
   Critical Accounting Policies 
   
   
 50 
   
 
   
   
 
   Recent Accounting Developments 
   
   
 53 
   
 
   
   
 
   Use of Estimates 
   
   
 53 
   
 
   
   
 
   Results of Operations 
   
   
 53 
   
 
   
   
 
   Balance Sheet and Funding Sources 
   
   
 66 
   
 
   
   
 
   Equity Capital Management and Regulatory Capital 
   
   
 71 
   
 
   
   
 
   Regulatory Developments 
   
   
 77 
   
 
   
   
 
   Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations
 
   
   
 79 
   
 
   
   
 
   Risk Management 
   
   
 81 
   
 
   
   
 
       Overview and Structure of Risk
Management 
   
   
 82 
   
 
   
   
 
        Liquidity Risk Management 
   
   
 87 
   
 
   
   
 
        Market Risk Management 
   
   
 94 
   
 
   
   
 
        Credit Risk Management 
   
   
 99 
   
 
   
   
 
        Operational Risk Management 
   
   
 105 
   
 
   
   
 
        Model Risk Management 
   
   
 107 
   
 
   
   
 
   Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
   
   
 107 
   
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
  INDEX  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Page No. 
   


 
   
   
 
   Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   
   
 108 
   
 
   
   
 
   Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 
   
   
 108 
   
 
   
   
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
   
 109 
   
 
   
   
 
   Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
   
 110 
   
 
   
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
   
   
 110 
   
 
   
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
   
   
 111 
   
 
   
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
   
   
 112 
   
 
   
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’
Equity 
   
   
 113 
   
 
   
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
   
   
 114 
   
 
   
   
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
   
 115 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 1.   Description of Business 
   
   
 115 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 2.   Basis of Presentation 
   
   
 115 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 3.   Significant Accounting Policies 
   
   
 116 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 4.   
Financial Instruments Owned, at Fair Value and Financial Instruments Sold, But Not Yet Purchased, at Fair Value 
   
   
 122 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 5.   Fair Value Measurements 
   
   
 123 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 6.   Cash Instruments 
   
   
 124 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 7.   Derivatives and Hedging
Activities 
   
   
 130 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 8.   Fair Value Option 
   
   
 141 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 9.   Loans Receivable 
   
   
 147 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 10. Collateralized Agreements and Financings 
   
   
 151 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 11. Securitization Activities 
   
   
 155 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 12. Variable Interest Entities 
   
   
 157 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 13. Other Assets 
   
   
 161 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 14. Deposits 
   
   
 164 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 15. Short-Term Borrowings 
   
   
 164 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 16. Long-Term Borrowings 
   
   
 165 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 17. Other Liabilities and Accrued Expenses 
   
   
 168 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 18. Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees 
   
   
 168 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 19. Shareholders’ Equity 
   
   
 172 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 20. Regulation and Capital Adequacy 
   
   
 175 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 21. Earnings Per Common Share 
   
   
 183 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 22. Transactions with Affiliated Funds 
   
   
 184 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 
23. Interest Income and Interest Expense 
   
   
 184 
   
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page No. 
   


 
   
   
 
   Note 24. Income Taxes 
   
   
 185 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 25. Business Segments 
   
   
 187 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 26. Credit Concentrations 
   
   
 189 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 27. Legal Proceedings 
   
   
 190 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 28. Employee Benefit Plans 
   
   
 196 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 29. Employee Incentive Plans 
   
   
 197 
   
 
   
   
 
   Note 30. Parent Company 
   
   
 199 
   
 
   
   
 
   Supplemental Financial Information 
   
   
 201 
   
 
   
   
 
   Quarterly Results 
   
   
 201 
   
 
   
   
 
   Common Stock Price Range 
   
   
 201 
   
 
   
   
 
   Common Stock Performance 
   
   
 201 
   
 
   
   
 
   Selected Financial Data 
   
   
 202 
   
 
   
   
 
   Statistical Disclosures 
   
   
 202 
   
 
   
   
 
   Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
   
     
   208 
     
 
   
   
 
   Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
   
     
   208 
     
 
   
   
 
   Item 9B 
 Other Information 
   
     
   208 
     
 
   
   
 
   PART III 
   
   
 208 
   
 
   
   
 
   Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
   
   
 208 
   
 
   
   
 
   Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
   
     
   208 
     
 
   
   
 
   Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
   
   
 208 
   
 
   
   
 
   Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
   
     
   209 
     
 
   
   
 
   Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
   
     
   209 
     
 
   
   
 
   PART IV  
   
   
 209 
   
 
   
   
 
   Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
   
   
 209 
   
 
   
   
 
   SIGNATURES  
   
   
 214 
   
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
  PART I  
 Item 1. Business  
   
  Introduction  
 Goldman Sachs is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial
services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals.  
 When we use the terms “Goldman Sachs,” “the firm,” “we,” “us” and “our,” we mean The Goldman
Sachs Group, Inc. (Group Inc. or parent company), a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries.    References to “this
Form 10-K” are to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. References to “the 2015 Form 10-K” are to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015. All references to 2016, 2015 and 2014 refer to our years ended, or the dates, as the context requires, December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively.  
 Group Inc. is a bank holding company and a financial holding company regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal
Reserve Board). Our U.S. depository institution subsidiary, Goldman Sachs Bank USA (GS Bank USA), is a New York State-chartered bank.    As
of December 2016, we had offices in over 30 countries and 47% of our total staff was based outside the Americas. Our clients are located worldwide and we are an active participant in financial markets around the world. In 2016, we generated 40%
of our net revenues outside the Americas. For more information about our geographic results, see Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this  Form 10-K.   
 Our Business Segments and Segment Operating Results  
 We report our activities in four business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending and
Investment Management.  
  The chart below presents our four business segments.  
     


 
    The table below presents our segment operating results.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   
   
 % of 2016 Net Revenues 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
 2015 
   
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 
   Investment Banking 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
   
   
 $  6,273 
   
   
   
 $  7,027 
   
   
   
 $  6,464 
   
   
   
 21% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 3,437 
   
   
   
 3,713 
   
   
   
 3,688 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $  2,836 
   
   
   
 $  3,314 
   
   
   
 $  2,776 
   
   
   
   
   
 
     
 Institutional Client Services 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
   
   
 $14,467 
   
   
   
 $15,151 
   
   
   
 $15,197 
   
   
   
 47% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 9,713 
   
   
   
 13,938 
   
   
   
 10,880 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $  4,754 
   
   
   
 $  1,213 
   
   
   
 $  4,317 
   
   
   
   
   
 
       Investing &
Lending 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
   
   
 $  4,080 
   
   
   
 $  5,436 
   
   
   
 $  6,825 
   
   
   
 13% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 2,386 
   
   
   
 2,402 
   
   
   
 2,819 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $  1,694 
   
   
   
 $  3,034 
   
   
   
 $  4,006 
   
   
   
   
   
 
       Investment Management 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
   
   
 $  5,788 
   
   
   
 $  6,206 
   
   
   
 $  6,042 
   
   
   
 19% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 4,654 
   
   
   
 4,841 
   
   
   
 4,647 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $  1,134 
   
   
   
 $  1,365 
   
   
   
 $  1,395 
   
   
   
   
   
 
       Total net revenues 
   
   
 $30,608 
   
   
   
 $33,820 
   
   
   
 $34,528 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
   Total operating expenses 
   
   
 20,304 
   
   
   
 25,042 
   
   
   
 22,171 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Total pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $10,304 
   
   
   
 $  8,778 
   
   
   
 $12,357 
   
   
   
   
   
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 1 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Financial information related to our business segments for 2016, 2015 and 2014 is included in
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” which are in Part II, Items 7 and 8, respectively, of this
Form 10-K. See Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a summary of our total net revenues, pre-tax earnings and net earnings by geographic region.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Operating expenses includes provisions of $3.37 billion recorded in Institutional Client Services during
2015 for the settlement agreement with the Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities Working Group of the U.S. Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force. See Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of the 2015
Form 10-K for further information.      
 
 
 • 
   
   All operating expenses have been allocated to our segments except for charitable contributions of
$114 million for 2016, $148 million for 2015 and $137 million for 2014.    Investment Banking  
 Investment Banking serves public and private sector clients around the world. We provide financial advisory services and help companies raise
capital to strengthen and grow their businesses. We seek to develop and maintain long-term relationships with a diverse global group of institutional clients, including governments, states and municipalities. Our goal is to deliver to our
institutional clients the entire resources of the firm in a seamless fashion, with investment banking serving as the main initial point of contact with Goldman Sachs.  
 Financial Advisory.  Financial Advisory includes
strategic advisory assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings, spin-offs and risk management. In particular, we help clients execute large, complex transactions for which we
provide multiple services, including cross-border structuring expertise. Financial Advisory also includes revenues from derivative transactions directly related to these client advisory assignments. We also assist our clients in managing their asset
and liability exposures and their capital.  
  Underwriting.  The other core activity of Investment Banking is helping companies raise capital to fund their businesses. As a financial intermediary, our job is to match the capital of our investing clients, who aim to grow
the savings of millions of people, with the needs of our public and private sector clients, who need financing to generate growth, create jobs and deliver products and services. Our underwriting activities include public offerings and private
placements, including local and cross-border transactions and acquisition financing, of a wide range of securities and other financial instruments, including loans. Underwriting also includes revenues from derivative transactions entered into with
public and private sector clients in connection with our underwriting activities.    Equity
Underwriting .  We underwrite common and preferred stock and convertible and exchangeable securities. We regularly receive mandates for large, complex transactions and have
held a leading position in worldwide public common stock offerings and worldwide initial public offerings for many years.    Debt Underwriting .  We underwrite and originate various types of debt instruments, including investment-grade and high-yield debt, bank
loans and bridge loans, including in connection with acquisition financing, and emerging- and growth-market debt, which may be issued by, among others, corporate, sovereign, municipal and agency issuers. In addition, we underwrite and originate
structured securities, which include mortgage-related securities and other asset-backed securities.    Institutional Client
Services    Institutional Client Services serves our clients who come to us to buy and sell financial products, raise funding and manage
risk. We do this by acting as a market maker and offering market expertise on a global basis. Institutional Client Services makes markets and facilitates client transactions in fixed income, equity, currency and commodity products. In addition, we
make markets in and clear client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide.    As a market maker, we provide
prices to clients globally across thousands of products in all major asset classes and markets. At times we take the other side of transactions ourselves if a buyer or seller is not readily available and at other times we connect our clients to
other parties who want to transact. Our willingness to make markets, commit capital and take risk in a broad range of products is crucial to our client relationships. Market makers provide liquidity and play a critical role in price discovery, which
contributes to the overall efficiency of the capital markets.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Our clients are primarily institutions that are professional market participants, including
investment entities whose ultimate customers include individual investors investing for their retirement, buying insurance or putting aside surplus cash in a deposit account.  
 Through our global sales force, we maintain relationships with our clients, receiving orders and distributing investment research, trading
ideas, market information and analysis. Much of this connectivity between us and our clients is maintained on technology platforms and operates globally wherever and whenever markets are open for trading.  
 Institutional Client Services and our other businesses are supported by our Global Investment Research division, which, as of
December 2016, provided fundamental research on more than 3,000 companies worldwide and more than 40 national economies, as well as on industries, currencies and commodities.  
 Institutional Client Services generates revenues in the following ways:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   In large, highly liquid markets (such as markets for U.S. Treasury bills, large capitalization
S&P 500 stocks or certain mortgage pass-through securities), we execute a high volume of transactions for our clients;      
 
 
 • 
   
   In less liquid markets (such as mid-cap corporate bonds, growth market currencies or certain non-agency
mortgage-backed securities), we execute transactions for our clients for spreads and fees that are generally somewhat larger than those charged in more liquid markets;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   We also structure and execute transactions involving customized or tailor-made products that address our
clients’ risk exposures, investment objectives or other complex needs (such as a jet fuel hedge for an airline); and      
 
 
 • 
   
   We provide financing to our clients for their securities trading activities, as well as securities lending and
other prime brokerage services.    In connection with our market-making activities, we maintain inventory, typically for a
short period of time, in response to, or in anticipation of, client demand. We also hold inventory to actively manage our risk exposures that arise from these market-making activities.
 
  Institutional Client Services activities are organized by asset class and include both
“cash” and “derivative” instruments. “Cash” refers to trading the underlying instrument (such as a stock, bond or barrel of oil). “Derivative” refers to instruments that derive their value from underlying
asset prices, indices, reference rates and other inputs, or a combination of these factors (such as an option, which is the right or obligation to buy or sell a certain bond or stock index on a specified date in the future at a certain price, or an
interest rate swap, which is the agreement to convert a fixed rate of interest into a floating rate or vice versa).    Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution.  Includes client execution activities related to making markets in both cash and derivative instruments for
interest rate products, credit products, mortgages, currencies and commodities.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Interest Rate Products.  Government bonds (including
inflation-linked securities) across maturities, other government-backed securities, repurchase agreements, and interest rate swaps, options and other derivatives.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Credit Products.  Investment-grade corporate securities,
high-yield securities, credit derivatives, exchange-traded funds, bank and bridge loans, municipal securities, emerging market and distressed debt, and trade claims.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Mortgages.  Commercial mortgage-related securities, loans and
derivatives, residential mortgage-related securities, loans and derivatives (including U.S. government agency-issued collateralized mortgage obligations and other securities and loans), and other asset-backed securities, loans and derivatives.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Currencies.  Currency options, spot/forwards and other
derivatives on G-10 currencies and emerging-market products.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Commodities.  Commodity derivatives and, to a lesser extent,
physical commodities, involving crude oil and petroleum products, natural gas, base, precious and other metals, electricity, coal, agricultural and other commodity products.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 3 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 

 Equities.  Includes equities client execution,
commissions and fees, and securities services.    Equities Client
Execution .  We make markets in equity securities and equity-related products, including exchange-traded funds, convertible securities, options, futures and over-the-counter
(OTC) derivative instruments, on a global basis. As a principal, we facilitate client transactions by providing liquidity to our clients, including with large blocks of stocks or derivatives, requiring the commitment of our capital.  
 We also structure and make markets in derivatives on indices, industry groups, financial measures and individual company stocks. We develop
strategies and provide information about portfolio hedging and restructuring and asset allocation transactions for our clients. We also work with our clients to create specially tailored instruments to enable sophisticated investors to establish or
liquidate investment positions or undertake hedging strategies. We are one of the leading participants in the trading and development of equity derivative instruments.  
 Our exchange-based market-making activities include making markets in stocks and exchange-traded funds, futures and options on major exchanges
worldwide.    Commissions and Fees .  We generate commissions and fees from executing and clearing institutional client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide, as well as OTC transactions. We provide our clients with
access to a broad spectrum of equity execution services, including electronic “low-touch” access and more complex “high-touch” execution through both traditional and electronic platforms.  
 Securities Services.  Includes financing,
securities lending and other prime brokerage services.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Financing Services.  We provide financing to our clients for
their securities trading activities through margin loans that are collateralized by securities, cash or other acceptable collateral. We earn a spread equal to the difference between the amount we pay for funds and the amount we receive from our
client.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Securities Lending Services.  We provide services that
principally involve borrowing and lending securities to cover institutional clients’ short sales and borrowing securities to cover our short sales and otherwise to make deliveries into the market. In addition, we are an active participant in
broker-to-broker securities lending and third-party agency lending activities.
 

 
 
 • 
   
   Other Prime Brokerage Services.  We earn fees by providing
clearing, settlement and custody services globally. In addition, we provide our hedge fund and other clients with a technology platform and reporting which enables them to monitor their security portfolios and manage risk exposures.
   Investing & Lending  
 Our investing and lending activities, which are typically longer-term, include our investing and relationship lending activities across various
asset classes, primarily debt securities and loans, public and private equity securities, infrastructure and real estate. These activities include investing directly in publicly and privately traded securities and in loans, and also through certain
investment funds that we manage and through funds managed by external parties. We also provide financing to corporate clients and individuals, including bank loans, personal loans and mortgages.  
 Equity Securities.  We make corporate, real estate,
infrastructure and other equity-related investments.    Debt Securities and Loans.  We make corporate, real estate, infrastructure and other debt investments. In addition, we provide credit to corporate clients through loan facilities and to individuals primarily through secured loans. We also
make unsecured loans to individuals through our online platform.    Investment Management  
 Investment Management provides investment and wealth advisory services to help clients preserve and grow their financial assets. Our clients
include institutions and high-net-worth individuals, as well as retail investors who primarily access our products through a network of third-party distributors around the world.  
 We manage client assets across a broad range of asset classes and investment strategies, including equity, fixed income and alternative
investments. Alternative investments primarily include hedge funds, credit funds, private equity, real estate, currencies, commodities, and asset allocation strategies. Our investment offerings include those managed on a fiduciary basis by our
portfolio managers as well as strategies managed by third-party managers. We offer our investments in a variety of structures, including separately managed accounts, mutual funds, private partnerships, and other commingled vehicles.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  We also provide customized investment advisory solutions designed to address our clients’
investment needs. These solutions begin with identifying clients’ objectives and continue through portfolio construction, ongoing asset allocation and risk management and investment realization. We draw from a variety of third-party managers as
well as our proprietary offerings to implement solutions for clients.    We supplement our investment advisory solutions for high-net-worth
clients with wealth advisory services that include income and liability management, trust and estate planning, philanthropic giving and tax planning. We also use our global securities and derivatives market-making capabilities to address
clients’ specific investment needs.    Management and Other Fees.  The majority of revenues in management and other fees is comprised of asset-based fees on client assets. The fees that we charge vary by asset class and distribution channel and are affected by investment
performance as well as asset inflows and redemptions. Other fees we receive primarily include financial counseling fees generated through our wealth advisory services.  
 Assets under supervision include client assets where we earn a fee for managing assets on a discretionary basis. This includes net assets in
our mutual funds, hedge funds, credit funds and private equity funds (including real estate funds), and separately managed accounts for institutional and individual investors. Assets under supervision also include client assets invested with
third-party managers, bank deposits and advisory relationships where we earn a fee for advisory and other services, but do not have investment discretion. Assets under supervision do not include the self-directed brokerage assets of our clients.
Long-term assets under supervision represent assets under supervision excluding liquidity products. Liquidity products represent money market and bank deposit assets.  
 Incentive Fees.  In certain circumstances, we are also
entitled to receive incentive fees based on a percentage of a fund’s or a separately managed account’s return, or when the return exceeds a specified benchmark or other performance targets. Such fees include overrides, which consist of the
increased share of the income and gains derived primarily from our private equity and credit funds when the return on a fund’s investments over the life of the fund exceeds certain threshold returns. Incentive fees are recognized only when all
material contingencies are resolved.  
  Transaction Revenues.  We receive commissions and net spreads for facilitating transactional activity in high-net-worth client accounts. In addition, we earn net interest income primarily associated with client deposits and margin
lending activity undertaken by such clients.    Other Activities  
 We accept deposits directly from individuals through our online platform. Our online deposits are used to finance, among other things, our
lending activity and other inventory.    Business Continuity and Information Security  
 Business continuity and information security, including cyber security, are high priorities for Goldman Sachs. Their importance has been
highlighted by numerous highly publicized events in recent years, including cyber attacks against financial institutions, large consumer-based companies and other organizations that resulted in the unauthorized disclosure of personal information of
clients and customers and other sensitive or confidential information and the theft and destruction of corporate information, and extreme weather events, such as Hurricane Sandy.  
 Our Business Continuity Program has been developed to provide reasonable assurance of business continuity in the event of disruptions at our
critical facilities or systems and to comply with regulatory requirements, including those of FINRA. Because we are a bank holding company, our Business Continuity Program is also subject to review by the Federal Reserve Board. The key elements of
the program are crisis planning and management, people recovery, business recovery, systems and data recovery, and process improvement. In the area of information security, we have developed and implemented a framework of principles, policies and
technology designed to protect the information provided to us by our clients and that of the firm from cyber attacks and other misappropriation, corruption or loss. Safeguards are designed to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability
of information.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 5 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Employees  
 Management believes that a major strength and principal reason for the success of Goldman Sachs is the quality and dedication of our people and
the shared sense of being part of a team. We strive to maintain a work environment that fosters professionalism, excellence, diversity, cooperation among our employees worldwide and high standards of business ethics.  
 Instilling the Goldman Sachs culture in all employees is a continuous process, in which training plays an important part. All employees are
offered the opportunity to participate in education and periodic seminars that we sponsor at various locations throughout the world. Another important part of instilling the Goldman Sachs culture is our employee review process. Employees are
reviewed by supervisors, co-workers and employees they supervise in a 360-degree review process that is integral to our team approach, and includes an evaluation of an employee’s performance with respect to risk management, compliance and
diversity. As of December 2016, we had 34,400 total staff.    Competition  
 The financial services industry and all of our businesses are intensely competitive, and we expect them to remain so. Our competitors are other
entities that provide investment banking, securities and investment management services, as well as those entities that make investments in securities, commodities, derivatives, real estate, loans and other financial assets. These entities include
brokers and dealers, investment banking firms, commercial banks, insurance companies, investment advisers, mutual funds, hedge funds, private equity funds and merchant banks. We compete with some entities globally and with others on a regional,
product or niche basis. Our competition is based on a number of factors, including transaction execution, products and services, innovation, reputation and price.  
 There has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry. Moreover, we have faced, and
expect to continue to face, pressure to retain market share by committing capital to businesses or transactions on terms that offer returns that may not be commensurate with their risks. In particular, corporate clients seek such commitments (such
as agreements to participate in their loan facilities) from financial services firms in connection with investment banking and other assignments.
 
  Consolidation and convergence have significantly increased the capital base and geographic reach
of some of our competitors, and have also hastened the globalization of the securities and other financial services markets. As a result, we have had to commit capital to support our international operations and to execute large global transactions.
To take advantage of some of our most significant opportunities, we will have to compete successfully with financial institutions that are larger and have more capital and that may have a stronger local presence and longer operating history outside
the U.S. We also compete with smaller institutions that offer more targeted services, such as independent advisory firms. Some clients may perceive these firms to be less susceptible to potential conflicts of interest than we are, and, as described
below, our ability to effectively compete with them could be affected by regulations and limitations on activities that apply to us but may not apply to them.  
 A number of our businesses are subject to intense price competition. Efforts by our competitors to gain market share have resulted in pricing
pressure in our investment banking and client execution businesses and could result in pricing pressure in other of our businesses. For example, the increasing volume of trades executed electronically, through the internet and through alternative
trading systems, has increased the pressure on trading commissions, in that commissions for electronic trading are generally lower than for non-electronic trading. It appears that this trend toward low-commission trading will continue. In addition,
we believe that we will continue to experience competitive pressures in these and other areas in the future as some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by further reducing prices, and as we enter into or expand our presence in markets
that may rely more heavily on electronic trading and execution.    The provisions of the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act), the requirements promulgated by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (Basel Committee) and other financial regulation could affect our competitive position to the extent that limitations on activities,
increased fees and compliance costs or other regulatory requirements do not apply, or do not apply equally, to all of our competitors or are not implemented uniformly across different jurisdictions. For example, the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act
that prohibit proprietary trading and restrict investments in certain hedge and private equity funds differentiate between U.S.-based and non-U.S.-based banking organizations and give non-U.S.-based banking organizations greater flexibility to trade
outside of the U.S. and to form and invest in funds outside the U.S.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 6 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Likewise, the obligations with respect to derivative transactions under Title VII of the
Dodd-Frank Act depend, in part, on the location of the counterparties to the transaction. The impact of the Dodd-Frank Act and other regulatory developments on our competitive position will depend to a large extent on the manner in which the
required rulemaking and regulatory guidance evolve, the extent of international convergence, and the development of market practice and structures under the new regulatory regimes as described further under “Regulation” below.  
 We also face intense competition in attracting and retaining qualified employees. Our ability to continue to compete effectively will depend
upon our ability to attract new employees, retain and motivate our existing employees and to continue to compensate employees competitively amid intense public and regulatory scrutiny on the compensation practices of large financial institutions.
Our pay practices and those of certain of our competitors are subject to review by, and the standards of, the Federal Reserve Board and other regulators inside and outside the U.S., including the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and the
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) in the U.K. We also compete for employees with institutions whose pay practices are not subject to regulatory oversight. See “Regulation — Compensation Practices” below and “Risk
Factors — Our businesses may be adversely affected if we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for more information about the regulation of our compensation practices.
   Regulation    As a
participant in the global financial services industry, we are subject to extensive regulation worldwide. Our businesses have been subject to increasing regulation and supervision in the U.S. and other countries.  
 In particular, the Dodd-Frank Act, and the rules thereunder, significantly altered the financial regulatory regime within which we operate. The
capital, liquidity and leverage ratios based on the Basel Committee’s final capital framework for strengthening international capital standards (Basel III), as implemented by the Federal Reserve Board, the PRA and FCA and other national
regulators, have also had a significant impact on our businesses. The Basel Committee is the primary global standard setter for prudential bank regulation, and its member jurisdictions implement regulations based on its standards and guidelines.
 
  The implications of such regulations for our businesses continue to depend to a large extent on
their implementation by the relevant regulators globally, as well as the development of market practices and structures under the regime established by such regulations.  
 Other reforms have been adopted or are being considered by regulators and policy makers worldwide, as described further throughout this
section. Recent political developments, including the new presidential administration in the U.S., have added additional uncertainty to the implementation, scope and timing of regulatory reforms, including potential deregulation in some areas. On
February 3, 2017, the President of the U.S. issued an executive order identifying “core principles” for the administration’s financial services regulatory policy and directing the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation
with the heads of other financial regulatory agencies, to evaluate how the current regulatory framework promotes or inhibits the principles and what actions have been, and are being, taken to promote the principles.  
 Goldman Sachs International (GSI) and Goldman Sachs International Bank (GSIB), our principal E.U. operating subsidiaries, are incorporated and
headquartered in the U.K. and, as such, are subject to E.U. legal and regulatory requirements, based on directly binding regulations of the E.U. and the implementation of E.U. directives by the U.K. Both currently benefit from non-discriminatory
access to E.U. clients and infrastructure based on E.U. treaties and E.U. legislation, including cross-border “passporting” arrangements and specific arrangements for the establishment of E.U. branches. There is considerable uncertainty as
to the regulatory regime that will be applicable in the U.K. following the U.K. referendum vote to leave the European Union (Brexit) and the regulatory framework that will govern transactions and business undertaken by our U.K. subsidiaries in the
remaining E.U. countries.    Banking Supervision and Regulation  
 Group Inc. is a bank holding company under the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (BHC Act) and a financial holding company under amendments
to the BHC Act effected by the U.S. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (GLB Act), and is subject to supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve Board.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 7 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Under the system of “functional regulation” established under the BHC Act, the Federal
Reserve Board serves as the primary regulator of our consolidated organization. The primary regulators of our U.S. non-bank subsidiaries directly regulate the activities of those subsidiaries, with the Federal Reserve Board exercising a supervisory
role. Such “functionally regulated” U.S. non-bank subsidiaries include broker-dealers registered with the SEC, such as our principal U.S. broker-dealer, Goldman, Sachs & Co. (GS&Co.), entities registered with or regulated by
the CFTC with respect to futures-related and swaps-related activities and investment advisers registered with the SEC with respect to their investment advisory activities.  
 Various of our subsidiaries are regulated by the banking and securities regulatory authorities of the countries in which they operate.  
 Our principal U.S. bank subsidiary, GS Bank USA, is supervised and regulated by the Federal Reserve Board, the FDIC, the New York State
Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) and the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. A number of our activities are conducted partially or entirely through GS Bank USA and its subsidiaries, including: origination of bank loans; personal loans
and mortgages; interest rate, credit, currency and other derivatives; leveraged finance; structured finance; deposit-taking; and agency lending. Our consumer-oriented activities are subject to extensive regulation and supervision by federal and
state regulators with regard to consumer protection laws, including laws relating to fair lending and other practices in connection with marketing and providing consumer financial products.  
 GSI, our regulated U.K. broker-dealer subsidiary, which is designated as an investment firm, and GSIB, our regulated U.K. bank and principal
non-U.S. bank subsidiary, are supervised and regulated by the PRA and the FCA. GSI provides broker-dealer services in and from the U.K., and GSIB acts as a primary dealer for European government bonds and is involved in market making in European
government bonds, lending (including securities lending) and deposit-taking activities.    GSI, GSIB and other regulated entities in the E.U.
are subject to directly binding regulations of the E.U. and national implementation of E.U. directives, where applicable.
 
  Capital, Leverage and Liquidity Requirements.  We are subject to consolidated regulatory capital and leverage requirements set forth by the Federal Reserve Board. GS Bank USA is subject to capital and leverage requirements that are calculated in substantially
the same manner as those applicable to Group Inc., also set forth by the Federal Reserve Board. GSI is subject to capital requirements prescribed in the E.U. Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR) and the E.U. Fourth Capital Requirements Directive
(CRD IV).    Under the Federal Reserve Board’s capital adequacy requirements, Group Inc. and GS Bank USA must meet specific
regulatory capital requirements that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance-sheet items. The sufficiency of our capital levels is also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators. Group Inc. and GS Bank USA
are also subject to liquidity requirements established by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies, and GSI is subject to similar requirements established by U.K. regulatory authorities.  
 Capital Ratios.  We are subject to the Federal
Reserve Board’s revised risk-based capital and leverage regulations, inclusive of certain transitional provisions (Revised Capital Framework). The Revised Capital Framework is largely based on Basel III and also implements certain
provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Under the Revised Capital Framework, we are an “Advanced approach” banking organization and have been designated as a global systemically important bank (G-SIB).  
 The Revised Capital Framework provides for three additional capital ratio requirements that phase in over time: (i) for capital
conservation (capital conservation buffer), (ii) as a consequence of our designation as a G-SIB (G-SIB buffer) and (iii) for counter-cyclicality (counter-cyclical buffer). These additional capital ratio requirements must be satisfied
entirely with capital that qualifies as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1).    The capital conservation buffer began to phase in on
January 1, 2016 and will continue to do so in increments of 0.625% per year until it reaches 2.5% of risk-weighted assets (RWAs) on January 1, 2019. The G-SIB buffer also began to phase in on January 1, 2016 and
will continue to do so through January 1, 2019.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 8 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  The counter-cyclical buffer, of up to 2.5%, is designed to counteract systemic vulnerabilities
and applies only to “Advanced approach” banking organizations. The counter-cyclical buffer is currently set at zero percent. Several other national supervisors have also started to require counter-cyclical buffers. The G-SIB and
counter-cyclical buffers applicable to us could change in the future and, as a result, the minimum capital ratios we are subject to could increase.  
 GS Bank USA also computes its capital ratios in accordance with the Revised Capital Framework as an “Advanced approach” banking
organization.    The Basel Committee has published final guidelines for calculating incremental capital ratio requirements for banking
institutions that are systemically significant from a domestic but not global perspective (D-SIBs). If these guidelines are implemented by national regulators, they will apply to, among others, certain subsidiaries of
 G-SIBs.  These guidelines are in addition to the framework for G-SIBs, but are more principles-based. CRD IV and the CRR provide that institutions that are systemically important at the E.U. or member
state level, known as other systemically important institutions (O-SIIs), may be subject to additional capital ratio requirements of up to 2% of CET1, according to their degree of systemic importance  (O-SII 
buffers). O-SIIs are identified annually, along with their applicable buffers. During 2016, the PRA identified Goldman Sachs Group UK Limited (GSG UK), the parent company of GSI and GSIB, as an O-SII. GSG UK’s O-SII buffer is currently set at
zero percent.    The Basel Committee has issued a series of updates that propose other changes to capital regulations. In particular, in
January 2016, the Basel Committee finalized a revised framework for calculating minimum capital requirements for market risk, which is expected to increase market risk capital requirements for most banking organizations. The Basel Committee has
set an effective date for reporting under the revised framework for market risk capital of December 31, 2019. The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have not yet proposed rules implementing these revisions for U.S. banking
organizations. In November 2016, the European Commission proposed amendments to the CRR to implement these revisions for certain E.U. financial institutions, including GSI.
 
  The Basel Committee has also:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Finalized a revised standard approach for calculating RWAs for counterparty credit risk on derivatives
exposures (“Standardized Approach for measuring Counterparty Credit Risk exposures,” known as “SA-CCR”);      
 
 
 • 
   
   Published guidelines for measuring and controlling large exposures (“Supervisory Framework for measuring
and controlling Large Exposures”); and      
 
 
 • 
   
   Issued consultation papers on, among other matters, a “Review of the Credit Valuation Adjustment Risk
Framework,” revisions to the Basel Standardized and model-based approaches for credit risk and operational risk capital and the design of a capital floor framework based on the revised Standardized approach.  
 See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Equity Capital Management and
Regulatory Capital” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K and Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information about our, GS Bank USA’s and GSI’s
capital ratios and minimum required ratios.    As described under “Other Restrictions” below, in September 2016, the Federal
Reserve Board issued a proposed rule that would, among other things, require financial holding companies to hold additional capital in connection with covered physical commodity activities.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 9 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Leverage Ratios.  Under the Revised Capital Framework, we and GS Bank USA are subject to Tier 1 leverage requirements established by the Federal Reserve Board. The Revised Capital Framework also introduced a supplementary
leverage ratio for “Advanced approach” banking organizations effective January 1, 2018 which implements the Basel III leverage ratio framework.  
 In November 2016, the European Commission proposed amendments to the CRR to implement a 3% minimum leverage ratio requirement for certain
E.U. financial institutions, including GSI, which would implement the Basel III leverage ratio framework.    See “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Equity Capital Management and Regulatory Capital” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K and Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements
in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information about our and GS Bank USA’s Tier 1 leverage ratios and supplementary leverage ratios and GSI’s leverage ratio.  
 Liquidity Ratios.  The Basel Committee’s
international framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring requires banking organizations to measure their liquidity against two specific liquidity tests.  
 The liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) applicable to both Group Inc. and GS Bank USA is generally consistent with the Basel Committee’s
framework and is designed to ensure that a banking organization maintains an adequate level of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets equal to or greater than the expected net cash outflows under an acute short-term liquidity stress scenario.  
 In December 2016, the Federal Reserve Board issued a final rule that requires bank holding companies to disclose, on a quarterly basis
beginning with the second quarter of 2017, LCR averages over the quarter, quantitative and qualitative information on certain components of the LCR calculation and projected net cash outflows.
 
  The LCR rule issued by the European Commission became effective in the U.K. on
October 1, 2015, with a phase-in period whereby certain financial institutions, including GSI, must have a 90% and 100% minimum ratio commencing on January 1, 2017 and January 1, 2018, respectively.  
 The net stable funding ratio (NSFR) is designed to promote medium- and long-term stable funding of the assets and off-balance-sheet activities
of banking organizations over a one-year time horizon. The Basel Committee’s NSFR framework requires banking organizations to maintain a minimum NSFR of 100%, and will be effective on January 1, 2018. In May 2016, the U.S.
federal bank regulatory agencies issued a proposed rule that would implement an NSFR for large U.S. banking organizations, including Group Inc. The proposal would require banking organizations to ensure they have stable funding over a one-year time
horizon. The proposed NSFR requirement has an effective date of January 1, 2018, including a requirement for quarterly public disclosure of the ratio, as well as a description of the banking organization’s stable funding sources.  
 In November 2016, the European Commission proposed amendments to the CRR to implement the NSFR for certain E.U. financial institutions,
including GSI.    The enhanced prudential standards implemented by the Federal Reserve Board under the Dodd-Frank Act require bank holding
companies with $50 billion or more in total consolidated assets (covered BHCs) to comply with enhanced liquidity and overall risk management standards, including a level of highly liquid assets based on projected funding needs for 30 days,
and increased involvement by boards of directors in liquidity and overall risk management. Although the liquidity requirement under these rules has some similarities to the LCR, it is a separate requirement.  
 See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Risk Management —
Overview and Structure of Risk Management” and “— Liquidity Risk Management” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for information about the LCR and NSFR, as well as our risk management practices and liquidity.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Stress Tests.  Covered BHCs, including Group Inc., are subject to Dodd-Frank Act annual supervisory stress tests conducted by the Federal Reserve Board and semi-annual company-run stress tests. The stress test rules require
increased involvement by boards of directors in stress testing and public disclosure of the results of both the Federal Reserve Board’s annual stress tests and a bank holding company’s annual supervisory stress tests, and semi-annual
internal stress tests.    We publish summaries of our annual and mid-cycle stress tests results on our website as described under
“Available Information” below. Our annual Dodd-Frank Act stress test submission is incorporated into the annual capital plans that we submit to the Federal Reserve Board as part of the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR). The
purpose of CCAR is to ensure that large bank holding companies have robust, forward-looking capital planning processes that account for each institution’s unique risks and that permit continued operations during times of economic and financial
stress. As part of CCAR, the Federal Reserve Board evaluates an institution’s plan to make capital distributions, such as repurchasing or redeeming stock or increasing dividend payments, across a range of macroeconomic and firm-specific
assumptions.    GS Bank USA is also required to conduct stress tests on an annual basis, to submit the results to the Federal Reserve Board,
and to make a summary of those results public. The rules require that the board of directors of GS Bank USA, among other things, consider the results of the stress tests in the normal course of the bank’s business, including, but not limited
to, its capital planning, assessment of capital adequacy and risk management practices. GSI also has its own capital planning and stress testing process, which incorporates internally designed stress tests and those required under the PRA’s
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process.    Dividends and Stock Repurchases.  Dividend payments by Group Inc. to its shareholders and stock repurchases by Group Inc. are subject to the oversight of the Federal Reserve Board. The dividend and share repurchase policies of large bank holding
companies, such as Group Inc., are reviewed by the Federal Reserve Board through the CCAR process, based on capital plans and stress tests submitted by the bank holding company, and are assessed against, among other things, the bank holding
company’s ability to meet and exceed minimum regulatory capital ratios under stressed scenarios, its expected sources and uses of capital over the planning horizon under baseline and stressed scenarios, and any potential impact of changes to
its business plan and activities on its capital adequacy and liquidity.
 
  The Federal Reserve Board’s capital plan rule includes a limitation on capital
distributions to the extent that actual capital issuances are less than the amount indicated in the capital plan submission.    U.S. federal
and state laws impose limitations on the payment of dividends by U.S. depository institutions, such as GS Bank USA. In general, the amount of dividends that may be paid by GS Bank USA is limited to the lesser of the amounts calculated under a
“recent earnings” test and an “undivided profits” test. Under the recent earnings test, a dividend may not be paid if the total of all dividends declared by the entity in any calendar year is in excess of the current year’s
net income combined with the retained net income of the two preceding years, unless the entity obtains prior regulatory approval. Under the undivided profits test, a dividend may not be paid in excess of the entity’s “undivided
profits” (generally, accumulated net profits that have not been paid out as dividends or transferred to surplus).    The applicable U.S.
banking regulators have authority to prohibit or limit the payment of dividends if, in the banking regulator’s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the banking
organization. The BHC Act prohibits the Federal Reserve Board from requiring a payment by a holding company subsidiary to a depository institution if the functional regulator of that subsidiary objects to such payment. In such a case, the Federal
Reserve Board could instead require the divestiture of the depository institution and impose operating restrictions pending the divestiture.  
 Source of Strength.  The Dodd-Frank Act requires bank
holding companies to act as a source of strength to their bank subsidiaries and to commit capital and financial resources to support those subsidiaries. This support may be required by the Federal Reserve Board at times when we might otherwise
determine not to provide it. Capital loans by a bank holding company to a subsidiary bank are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of the subsidiary bank. In addition, if a bank holding company commits to a
U.S. federal banking agency that it will maintain the capital of its bank subsidiary, whether in response to the Federal Reserve Board’s invoking its source-of-strength authority or in response to other regulatory measures, that commitment will
be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee for the holding company and the bank will be entitled to priority payment in respect of that commitment, ahead of other creditors of the bank holding company.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 11 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Transactions between Affiliates.  Transactions between GS Bank USA or its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and Group Inc. or its other subsidiaries and affiliates, on the other hand, are regulated by the Federal Reserve Board. These regulations
generally limit the types and amounts of transactions (including credit extensions from GS Bank USA or its subsidiaries to Group Inc. or its other subsidiaries and affiliates) that may take place and generally require those transactions to be on
market terms or better to GS Bank USA or its subsidiaries. These regulations generally do not apply to transactions between GS Bank USA and its subsidiaries. The Dodd-Frank Act expanded the coverage and scope of these regulations, including by
applying them to the credit exposure arising under derivative transactions, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements, and securities borrowing and lending transactions.  
 Resolution and Recovery.  Group Inc. is required by the
Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC to provide a periodic plan for its rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure (resolution plan). Our resolution plan must, among other things, demonstrate that GS Bank USA
is adequately protected from risks arising from our other entities. The regulators’ joint rule sets specific standards for the resolution plans, including requiring a detailed resolution strategy and analyses of the company’s material
entities, organizational structure, interconnections and interdependencies, and management information systems, among other elements. If the regulators jointly determine that an institution has failed to cure identified shortcomings in its
resolution plan and that its resolution plan, after any permitted resubmission, is not credible or would not facilitate an orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the regulators may jointly impose more stringent capital, leverage or
liquidity requirements or restrictions on growth, activities or operations or may jointly order the institutions to divest assets or operations in order to facilitate orderly resolution in the event of failure. See “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Equity Capital Management and Regulatory Capital — Resolution and Recovery Plans” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for information about our
resolution plan.    We are also required by the Federal Reserve Board to submit, and have submitted, on a periodic basis, a global
recovery plan that outlines the steps that management could take to reduce risk, maintain sufficient liquidity, and conserve capital in times of prolonged stress.
 
  The FDIC has issued a rule requiring each insured depository institution with $50 billion
or more in assets, such as GS Bank USA, to provide a resolution plan. Our resolution plan for GS Bank USA must, among other things, demonstrate that it is adequately protected from risks arising from our other entities.  
 The E.U. Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of financial institutions in the
E.U., such as GSI. The BRRD provides national supervisory authorities with tools and powers to pre-emptively address potential financial crises in order to promote financial stability and minimize taxpayers’ exposure to losses. The BRRD
requires E.U. member states to grant “bail-in” powers to E.U. resolution authorities to recapitalize a failing entity by writing down its unsecured debt or converting its unsecured debt into equity. Financial institutions in the E.U.
(including GSI) must provide that new contracts enable such actions and also amend pre-existing contracts governed by non-E.U. law to enable such actions, if the financial institutions could incur liabilities under such pre-existing contracts.  
 The BRRD also subjects financial institutions to a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) so that they can be
resolved without causing financial instability and without recourse to public funds in the event of a failure. The Bank of England’s rules on MREL are described below under “Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity.”  
 In May 2016, the Federal Reserve Board released a proposal that would impose restrictions on qualified financial contracts (QFCs) of
G-SIBs. This proposal is intended to facilitate the orderly resolution of a failed G-SIB by limiting the ability of the G-SIB to transact with QFC counterparties unless such counterparties waive rights to terminate such contracts immediately upon
the entry of the G-SIB or one of its affiliates into resolution. The effective date is proposed to be approximately one year after the proposal is finalized.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 12 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity.  In December 2016, the Federal Reserve Board adopted a final rule establishing loss-absorbency and related requirements for U.S. G-SIBs such as Group Inc. The rule will be effective in January 2019 with
no phase-in period. The rule addresses U.S. implementation of the Financial Stability Board’s (FSB) total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) principles and term sheet on minimum TLAC requirements for G-SIBs. The rule (i) establishes minimum
TLAC requirements, (ii) establishes minimum “eligible long-term debt” (i.e., debt that is unsecured, has a maturity greater than one year from issuance and satisfies certain additional criteria) requirements, (iii) prohibits
certain holding company transactions and (iv) caps the amount of G-SIB liabilities that are not eligible long-term debt.    The
rule also prohibits a U.S. G-SIB from (i) guaranteeing liabilities of subsidiaries that are subject to early termination provisions if the parent company of a U.S.  G-SIB  enters into an insolvency or
receivership proceeding, subject to an exception for guarantees permitted by rules of the U.S. federal banking agencies imposing restrictions on QFCs, which have not yet been adopted; (ii) incurring liabilities guaranteed by subsidiaries;
(iii) issuing short-term debt; or (iv) entering into derivatives and certain other financial contracts with external counterparties.  
 Additionally, the rule caps, at 5% of the value of the U.S.  G-SIB’s  eligible TLAC, the amount of
unsecured non-contingent third-party liabilities that are not eligible long-term debt that could rank equally with or junior to eligible long-term debt.  
 In October 2016, the Basel Committee issued a final standard to implement capital deductions for banking organizations relating to TLAC
holdings of other G-SIBs. This standard will inform how the deductions are implemented by national regulators.    The FSB, an international
body that sets standards and coordinates the work of national financial authorities and international standard-setting bodies, issued a final TLAC standard requiring certain material subsidiaries of a G-SIB organized outside of the G-SIB’s home
country, such as GSI, to maintain amounts of TLAC to facilitate the transfer of losses from operating subsidiaries to the parent company. In December 2016, the FSB issued a consultative document that presents a set of guiding principles on the
implementation of the TLAC requirements applicable to material subsidiaries. As an obligation of membership, the FSB’s members, including the U.S., commit to implement international financial standards, including those of the FSB.
 
  The BRRD subjects institutions to MREL, which is generally consistent with the FSB’s TLAC
standard. In November 2016, the Bank of England published its policy on setting MREL under which certain U.K. financial institutions will be required to maintain equity and liabilities sufficient to credibly bear losses in resolution. The Bank
of England has not yet published its final policy on the calibration of MREL for entities that are parts of groups, such as GSI.    In
November 2016, the European Commission proposed amendments to the CRR and BRRD that are designed to implement the FSB’s minimum TLAC requirement for G-SIBs commencing January 1, 2019. The proposal would require subsidiaries of a
non-E.U. G-SIB that account for more than 5% of our RWAs, operating income or leverage exposure, such as GSI, to meet 90% of the requirement applicable to E.U. G-SIBs.  
 In November 2016, the European Commission also proposed an amendment to CRD IV that would require a non-E.U. G-SIB, such as Group
Inc., to establish an E.U. intermediate holding company (E.U. IHC) if the firm has two or more of certain types of E.U. financial institution subsidiaries, including broker-dealers and banks, such as GSI and GSIB. This proposal is subject to
adoption at the E.U. level and implementing rulemakings by E.U. member states. The European Commission also proposed amendments to the CRR that would require E.U. IHCs to satisfy MREL requirements and certain other prudential requirements.  
 Insolvency of an Insured Depository Institution or a Bank Holding Company.  Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act of 1950, if the FDIC is appointed as conservator or receiver for an insured depository institution such as GS Bank USA, upon its insolvency or in certain other events, the
FDIC has broad powers, including the power:      
 
 
 • 
   
   To transfer any of the depository institution’s assets and liabilities to a new obligor, including a
newly formed “bridge” bank, without the approval of the depository institution’s creditors;      
 
 
 • 
   
   To enforce the depository institution’s contracts pursuant to their terms without regard to any
provisions triggered by the appointment of the FDIC in that capacity; or      
 
 
 • 
   
   To repudiate or disaffirm any contract or lease to which the depository institution is a party, the
performance of which is determined by the FDIC to be burdensome and the disaffirmance or repudiation of which is determined by the FDIC to promote the orderly administration of the depository institution.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 13 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  In addition, the claims of holders of domestic deposit liabilities and certain claims for
administrative expenses against an insured depository institution would be afforded a priority over other general unsecured claims, including deposits at non-U.S. branches and claims of debtholders of the institution, in the “liquidation or
other resolution” of such an institution by any receiver. As a result, whether or not the FDIC ever sought to repudiate any debt obligations of GS Bank USA, the debtholders (other than depositors) would be treated differently from, and could
receive, if anything, substantially less than, the depositors of GS Bank USA.    The Dodd-Frank Act created a new resolution regime (known as
“orderly liquidation authority (OLA)”) for bank holding companies and their affiliates that are systemically important and certain non-bank financial companies. Under OLA, the FDIC may be appointed as receiver for the systemically
important institution and its failed non-bank subsidiaries if, upon the recommendation of applicable regulators, the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury determines, among other things, that the institution is in default or in danger of default, that the
institution’s failure would have serious adverse effects on the U.S. financial system and that resolution under OLA would avoid or mitigate those effects.  
 If the FDIC is appointed as receiver under OLA, then the powers of the receiver, and the rights and obligations of creditors and other parties
who have dealt with the institution, would be determined under OLA, and not under the bankruptcy or insolvency law that would otherwise apply. The powers of the receiver under OLA were generally based on the powers of the FDIC as receiver for
depository institutions under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.    Substantial differences in the rights of creditors exist between OLA and
the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, including the right of the FDIC under OLA to disregard the strict priority of creditor claims in some circumstances, the use of an administrative claims procedure to determine creditors’ claims (as opposed to the
judicial procedure utilized in bankruptcy proceedings), and the right of the FDIC to transfer claims to a “bridge” entity. In addition, OLA limits the ability of creditors to enforce certain contractual cross-defaults against affiliates of
the institution in receivership.  
  The OLA provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act became effective upon enactment. The FDIC has completed
several rulemakings and taken other actions under OLA, including the issuance of a notice describing some elements of its “single point of entry” or “SPOE” strategy pursuant to the OLA provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Under this
strategy, the FDIC would, among other things, resolve a failed financial holding company by transferring its assets to a “bridge” holding company.  
 We, along with a number of other major global banking organizations, adhere to the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Resolution
Stay Protocol (the ISDA Protocol) that was developed and updated in coordination with the FSB. The ISDA Protocol imposes a stay on certain cross-default and early termination rights within standard ISDA derivatives contracts and securities financing
transactions between adhering parties in the event that one of them is subject to resolution in its home jurisdiction, including a resolution under OLA in the U.S. The ISDA Protocol is expected to be adopted more broadly in the future, following the
adoption of regulations by banking regulators (including the Federal Reserve Board’s proposal on QFCs described above), and expanded to include instances where a U.S. financial holding company becomes subject to proceedings under the U.S.
Bankruptcy Code.    FDIC Insurance.  GS Bank USA
accepts deposits, and those deposits have the benefit of FDIC insurance up to the applicable limits. The FDIC’s Deposit Insurance Fund is funded by assessments on insured depository institutions, such as GS Bank USA. The amounts of these
assessments for larger depository institutions (generally those that have $10 billion in assets or more), such as GS Bank USA, are currently based on the average total consolidated assets less the average tangible equity of the insured
depository institution during the assessment period, the supervisory ratings of the insured depository institution and specified forward-looking financial measures used to calculate the assessment rate. The assessment rate is subject to adjustment
by the FDIC.    In March 2016, the FDIC adopted a final rule increasing the reserve ratio for the Deposit Insurance Fund to 1.35%
of total insured deposits. The rule imposes a surcharge on the assessments of larger depository institutions, that began in the third quarter of 2016 and continues through the earlier of the quarter that the reserve ratio first reaches or exceeds
1.35% and December 31, 2018. Under the rule, if the reserve ratio does not reach 1.35% by December 31, 2018, the FDIC will impose a shortfall assessment on larger depository institutions, including GS Bank USA.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 14 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Prompt Corrective Action.  The U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (FDICIA), among other things, requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to take “prompt corrective action” in respect of
depository institutions that do not meet specified capital requirements. FDICIA establishes five capital categories for FDIC-insured banks: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically
undercapitalized.    An institution may be downgraded to, or deemed to be in, a capital category that is lower than is indicated by
its capital ratios if it is determined to be in an unsafe or unsound condition or if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating with respect to certain matters. FDICIA imposes progressively more restrictive constraints on operations,
management and capital distributions, as the capital category of an institution declines. Failure to meet the capital requirements could also require a depository institution to raise capital. Ultimately, critically undercapitalized institutions are
subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator, as described under “Insolvency of an Insured Depository Institution or a Bank Holding Company” above.  
 The prompt corrective action regulations apply only to depository institutions and not to bank holding companies such as Group Inc. However,
the Federal Reserve Board is authorized to take appropriate action at the holding company level, based upon the undercapitalized status of the holding company’s depository institution subsidiaries. In certain instances relating to an
undercapitalized depository institution subsidiary, the bank holding company would be required to guarantee the performance of the undercapitalized subsidiary’s capital restoration plan and might be liable for civil money damages for failure to
fulfill its commitments on that guarantee. Furthermore, in the event of the bankruptcy of the holding company, the guarantee would take priority over the holding company’s general unsecured creditors, as described under “Source of
Strength” above.    Activities.  The Dodd-Frank
Act and the BHC Act generally restrict bank holding companies from engaging in business activities other than the business of banking and certain closely related activities.
 
  Volcker Rule.  The provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act referred to as the “Volcker Rule” became effective in July 2015. The Volcker Rule prohibits “proprietary trading,” but permits activities such as
underwriting, market making and risk-mitigation hedging, requires an extensive compliance program and includes additional reporting and record-keeping requirements. The reporting requirements include calculating daily quantitative metrics on covered
trading activities (as defined in the rule) and providing these metrics to regulators on a monthly basis.    In addition, the Volcker
Rule limits the sponsorship of, and investment in, “covered funds” (as defined in the rule) by banking entities, including Group Inc. and its subsidiaries. It also limits certain types of transactions between us and our sponsored funds,
similar to the limitations on transactions between depository institutions and their affiliates. Covered funds include our private equity funds, certain of our credit and real estate funds, our hedge funds and certain other investment structures.
The limitation on investments in covered funds requires us to reduce our investment in each such fund to 3% or less of the fund’s net asset value, and to reduce our aggregate investment in all such funds to 3% or less of our Tier 1
capital.    In July 2016, the Federal Reserve Board extended the conformance period through July 2017 for investments in, and
relationships with, covered funds that were in place prior to December 31, 2013. In December 2016, the Federal Reserve Board released guidance regarding the extended conformance period available for legacy “illiquid funds”
(as defined in the Volcker Rule) and the process for banking entities to request an extension of the conformance period for those funds of up to an additional five years beyond the expiration of the general conformance period in July 2017. See
“Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this  Form 10-K  and Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information about
our investments in covered funds.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 15 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Other Restrictions.  Financial holding companies generally can engage in a broader range of financial and related activities than are otherwise permissible for bank holding companies as long as they continue to meet the eligibility
requirements for financial holding companies. The broader range of permissible activities for financial holding companies includes underwriting, dealing and making markets in securities and making investments in non-financial companies (merchant
banking activities). In addition, certain financial holding companies are permitted under the GLB Act to engage in certain commodities activities in the U.S. that may otherwise be impermissible for bank holding companies, so long as the assets held
pursuant to these activities do not equal 5% or more of their consolidated assets.    The Federal Reserve Board, however, has the
authority to limit a financial holding company’s ability to conduct activities that would otherwise be permissible, and will likely do so if the financial holding company does not satisfactorily meet certain requirements of the Federal Reserve
Board. For example, if a financial holding company or any of its U.S. depository institution subsidiaries ceases to maintain its status as well-capitalized or well-managed, the Federal Reserve Board may impose corrective capital and/or managerial
requirements, as well as additional limitations or conditions. If the deficiencies persist, the financial holding company may be required to divest its U.S. depository institution subsidiaries or to cease engaging in activities other than the
business of banking and certain closely related activities.    If any insured depository institution subsidiary of a financial holding
company fails to maintain at least a “satisfactory” rating under the Community Reinvestment Act, the financial holding company would be subject to similar restrictions on activities.  
 In addition, we are required to obtain prior Federal Reserve Board approval before engaging in certain banking and other financial activities
both within and outside the U.S.  
  In September 2016, the Federal Reserve Board issued a proposed rule which, if adopted,
would impose new requirements on the physical commodity activities and certain merchant banking activities of financial holding companies. The proposed rule would, among other things, (i) require companies to hold additional capital in
connection with covered physical commodity activities, including merchant banking investments in companies engaged in physical commodity activities; (ii) tighten the quantitative limits on permissible physical trading activity; and
(iii) establish new public reporting requirements on the nature and extent of firms’ physical commodity holdings and activities. In addition, in a September 2016 report, the Federal Reserve Board recommended that Congress repeal
(i) the authority of financial holding companies to engage in merchant banking activities; and (ii) the authority described above for certain financial holding companies to engage in certain otherwise permissible commodities activities.
   In March 2016, the Federal Reserve Board issued a revised proposal regarding single counterparty credit limits, which would impose
more stringent requirements for credit exposures among major financial institutions. Such limits (together with other provisions incorporated into the Basel III capital rules) may affect our ability to transact or hedge with other financial
institutions. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board has proposed early remediation requirements, which are modeled on the prompt corrective action regime, described under “Prompt Corrective Action” above, but are designed to require
action to begin in earlier stages of a company’s financial distress, based on a range of triggers, including capital and leverage, stress test results, liquidity and risk management.  
 In addition, New York State banking law imposes lending limits (which take into account credit exposure from derivative transactions) and other
requirements that could impact the manner and scope of GS Bank USA’s activities.    The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have
issued guidance that focuses on transaction structures and risk management frameworks and that outlines high-level principles for safe-and-sound leveraged lending, including underwriting standards, valuation and stress testing. This guidance has,
among other things, limited the percentage amount of debt that can be included in certain transactions.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 16 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
  Broker-Dealer and Securities Regulation
 
  Our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to regulations that cover all aspects of the
securities business, including sales methods, trade practices, use and safekeeping of clients’ funds and securities, capital structure, record-keeping, the financing of clients’ purchases, and the conduct of directors, officers and
employees. In the U.S., the SEC is the federal agency responsible for the administration of the federal securities laws. GS&Co. is registered as a broker-dealer, a municipal advisor and an investment adviser with the SEC and as a broker-dealer
in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. U.S.  self-regulatory  organizations, such as FINRA and the NYSE, adopt rules that apply to, and examine, broker-dealers such as GS&Co.  
 In addition, U.S. state securities and other U.S. regulators also have regulatory or oversight authority over GS&Co. Similarly, our
businesses are also subject to regulation by various non-U.S. governmental and regulatory bodies and self-regulatory authorities in virtually all countries where we have offices, as described further below, as well as under “Other
Regulation.” For a description of net capital requirements applicable to GS&Co., see Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this  Form 10-K.   
 In Europe, we provide broker-dealer services that are subject to oversight by national regulators. These services are regulated in accordance
with national laws, many of which implement E.U. directives, and, increasingly, by directly applicable E.U. regulations. These national and E.U. laws require, among other things, compliance with certain capital adequacy standards, customer
protection requirements and market conduct and trade reporting rules.    Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. (GSJCL), our regulated Japanese
broker-dealer, is subject to capital requirements imposed by Japan’s Financial Services Agency. GSJCL is also regulated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the Osaka Exchange, the Tokyo Financial Exchange, the Japan Securities Dealers Association, the
Tokyo Commodity Exchange, Securities and Exchange Surveillance Commission, Bank of Japan, the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, among others.
 
  Also, the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong, the Monetary Authority of Singapore,
the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the Korean Financial Supervisory Service, the Reserve Bank of India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission and the Australian Securities Exchange,
among others, regulate various of our subsidiaries and also have capital standards and other requirements comparable to the rules of the SEC. Various of our other subsidiaries are regulated by the banking and regulatory authorities in jurisdictions
in which we operate, including, among others, Brazil and Dubai.    Our exchange-based market-making activities are subject to extensive
regulation by a number of securities exchanges. As a market maker on exchanges, we are required to maintain orderly markets in the securities to which we are assigned.  
 The Dodd-Frank Act will result in additional regulation by the SEC, the CFTC and other regulators of our broker-dealer and regulated
subsidiaries in a number of respects. The law calls for the imposition of expanded standards of care by market participants in dealing with clients and customers, including by providing the SEC with authority to adopt rules establishing fiduciary
duties for broker-dealers and directing the SEC to examine and improve sales practices and disclosure by broker-dealers and investment advisers.  
 In addition, in April 2016, the U.S. Department of Labor issued final rules expanding the circumstances in which a person would be treated
as a fiduciary under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) by reason of providing investment advice to retirement plans and individual retirement accounts, as well as final exemptions. These rules and exemptions are scheduled
to become effective on April 10, 2017. On February 3, 2017, the President of the U.S. directed the Secretary of Labor to prepare an updated analysis of the likely impact of the rules and to consider whether to propose to rescind
or revise the rules.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 17 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Our U.S. broker-dealer and other U.S. subsidiaries are also subject to rules adopted by U.S.
federal agencies pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act that require any person who organizes or initiates an asset-backed security transaction to retain a portion (generally, at least five percent) of any credit risk that the person conveys to a third
party. Securitizations would also be affected by rules proposed by the SEC to implement the Dodd-Frank Act’s prohibition against securitization participants engaging in any transaction that would involve or result in any material conflict of
interest with an investor in a securitization transaction. The proposed rules would exempt bona fide market-making activities and risk-mitigating hedging activities in connection with securitization activities from the general prohibition.  
 The SEC, FINRA and regulators in various non-U.S. jurisdictions have imposed both conduct-based and disclosure-based requirements with respect
to research reports and research analysts and may impose additional regulations.    Swaps, Derivatives and Commodities Regulation  
 The commodity futures, commodity options and swaps industry in the U.S. is subject to regulation under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act (CEA).
The CFTC is the U.S. federal agency charged with the administration of the CEA. In addition, the SEC is the U.S. federal agency charged with the regulation of security-based swaps. GS&Co. is registered with the CFTC as a futures commission
merchant, and several of our subsidiaries, including GS&Co., are registered with the CFTC and act as commodity pool operators, commodity trading advisors and/or swap dealers, and are subject to CFTC regulations. The rules and regulations of
various self-regulatory organizations, such as the Chicago Board of Trade and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, other futures exchanges and the National Futures Association, also govern the commodity futures, commodity options and swaps activities of
these entities. In addition, Goldman Sachs Financial Markets, L.P. is registered with the SEC as an OTC derivatives dealer and conducts certain OTC derivatives activities.
 
  The Dodd-Frank Act provides for significantly increased regulation of, and restrictions on,
derivative markets and transactions. In particular, the Dodd-Frank Act imposes the following requirements relating to swaps and security-based swaps:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Real-time public and regulatory reporting of trade information for swaps and security-based swaps and large
trader reporting for swaps;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Registration of swap dealers and major swap participants with the CFTC and of security-based swap dealers and
major security-based swap participants with the SEC;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Position limits, aggregated generally across commonly controlled accounts and commonly controlled affiliates,
that cap exposure to derivatives on certain physical commodities;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Mandated clearing through central counterparties and execution through regulated exchanges or electronic
facilities for certain swaps and security-based swaps;      
 
 
 • 
   
   New business conduct standards and other requirements for swap dealers, major swap participants,
security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants, covering their relationships with counterparties, internal oversight and compliance structures, conflict of interest rules, internal information barriers, general and
trade-specific record-keeping and risk management;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Margin requirements for trades that are not cleared through a central counterparty; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Entity-level capital requirements for swap dealers, major swap participants, security-based swap dealers, and
major security-based swap participants.    The terms “swaps” and “security-based swaps” are generally
defined broadly for purposes of these requirements, and can include a wide variety of derivative instruments in addition to those conventionally called swaps. The definition includes certain forward contracts, options, certain loan participations
and guarantees of swaps, subject to certain exceptions, and relates to a wide variety of underlying assets or obligations, including currencies, commodities, interest or other monetary rates, yields, indices, securities, credit events, loans and
other financial obligations.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 18 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  In general, the CFTC is responsible for issuing rules relating to swaps, swap dealers and major
swap participants, and the SEC is responsible for issuing rules relating to security-based swaps, security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants. The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies (acting jointly) are responsible for
issuing margin rules for uncleared swaps and security-based swaps for swap dealers, security-based swap dealers, major swap participants and major security-based swap participants subject to their oversight. In September 2016, the final margin
rules issued by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies and the CFTC for uncleared swaps became effective. These rules will phase in through March 2017 for variation margin requirements and through September 2020 for initial margin
requirements depending on the level of swaps, security-based swaps and/or exempt foreign exchange derivative transaction activity of the swap dealer and the relevant counterparty. The final rules of the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies
generally apply to inter-affiliate transactions, with limited relief available from initial margin requirements for affiliates. Under the CFTC final rules, inter-affiliate transactions are exempt from initial margin requirements with certain
exceptions but variation margin requirements still apply.    In December 2016, the CFTC proposed revised capital regulations for swap
dealers and major swap participants that are not subject to the capital rules of a prudential regulator, such as the Federal Reserve Board, as well as a liquidity requirement for those swap dealers. However, many other requirements, including
registration of swap dealers, mandatory clearing and execution of certain swaps, business conduct standards and real-time public trade reporting, have taken effect already under CFTC rules, and the SEC and the CFTC have finalized the definitions of
a number of key terms. Finally, the CFTC has begun to decide which swaps must be cleared through central counterparties and executed on swap execution facilities or exchanges. In particular, certain interest rate swaps and credit default swaps are
now subject to these clearing and trade-execution requirements. The CFTC is expected to continue to make such determinations during 2017.
 
  The SEC has adopted rules relating to trade reporting and real-time reporting requirements for
security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants. The SEC has also adopted final rules relating to the registration of, and application of business conduct standards to, security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap
participants, but compliance with such rules is not currently required. The SEC has proposed, but not yet finalized, rules to impose margin, capital and segregation requirements for security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap
participants. The SEC has also proposed rules that would govern the design of new trading venues for security-based swaps and establish the process for determining which products must be traded on these venues.  
 We have registered certain subsidiaries as “swap dealers” under the CFTC rules, including GS&Co., GS Bank USA, GSI and J.
Aron & Company. We also expect to register certain subsidiaries as security-based swap dealers.    Similar regulations have been
proposed or adopted in jurisdictions outside the U.S., including the adoption of standardized execution and clearing, margining and reporting requirements for OTC derivatives. For instance, the E.U. has established regulatory requirements for OTC
derivatives activities under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation, including requirements relating to portfolio reconciliation and reporting, clearing certain OTC derivatives and margining for uncleared derivatives.  
 The CFTC and SEC have issued guidance and rules relating to swap activities. The CFTC has provided guidance and timing on the cross-border
regulation of swaps and announced that it had reached an understanding with the European Commission regarding the cross-border regulation of derivatives and the common goals underlying their respective regulations. The CFTC also approved certain
comparability determinations that would permit substituted compliance with non-U.S. regulatory regimes for certain swap regulations related to certain business conduct requirements, including chief compliance officer duties, conflict of interest
rules, monitoring of position limits, record-keeping and risk management.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 19 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  The SEC issued rules and guidance on cross-border security-based swap activities and the CFTC
issued rules that determine the circumstances under which registered swap dealers are subject to the CFTC’s rules regarding margin in connection with uncleared swaps in cross-border transactions. In particular, certain non-U.S. swap dealers are
generally required to comply with the CFTC’s rules but, with respect to the requirement to post margin, these non-U.S. swap dealers are permitted to comply with comparable margin requirements in a foreign jurisdiction, subject to the
CFTC’s approval of the particular jurisdiction. Substituted compliance is also available with respect to the collection of margin in certain circumstances. The CFTC’s rules are only applicable to those swap dealers that are not subject to
the margin requirements of a prudential regulator.    In October 2016, the CFTC proposed rules addressing the extent to which swap
dealers and major swap participants would be required to comply with the CFTC’s business conduct standards in cross-border transactions. The proposal also would determine the circumstances under which U.S. and non-U.S. persons would be required
to include their cross-border swap dealing transactions or swap positions in their calculations of the level of activity subject to CFTC jurisdiction for purposes of determining whether they are required to register as either a swap dealer or major
swap participant.    The application of new derivatives rules across different national and regulatory jurisdictions has not yet been fully
established and specific determinations of the extent to which regulators in each of the relevant jurisdictions will defer to regulations in other jurisdictions have not yet been completed. The full impact of the various U.S. and non-U.S. regulatory
developments in this area will not be known with certainty until all the rules are finalized and implemented and market practices and structures develop under the final rules.  
 J. Aron & Company is authorized by the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) to sell wholesale physical power at
market-based rates. As a FERC-authorized power marketer, J. Aron & Company is subject to regulation under the U.S. Federal Power Act and FERC regulations and to the oversight of FERC. As a result of our investing activities, Group Inc. is
also an “exempt holding company” under the U.S. Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005 and applicable FERC rules.
 
  In addition, as a result of our power-related and commodities activities, we are subject to
energy, environmental and other governmental laws and regulations, as described under “Risk Factors — Our commodities activities, particularly our physical commodities activities, subject us to extensive regulation and involve certain
potential risks, including environmental, reputational and other risks that may expose us to significant liabilities and costs” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K.  
 Investment Management Regulation    Our investment
management business is subject to significant regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world relating to, among other things, the safeguarding of client assets, offerings of funds, marketing activities, transactions among affiliates and our
management of client funds.    Certain of our subsidiaries are registered with, and subject to oversight by, the SEC as investment advisers.
The SEC has adopted amendments to the rules that govern SEC-registered money market mutual funds. The amended rules require institutional prime money market funds to value their portfolio securities using market-based factors and to sell and redeem
their shares based on a floating net asset value. In addition, the rules allow, in certain circumstances, for the board of directors of money market mutual funds to impose liquidity fees and redemption gates and also require additional disclosure,
reporting and stress testing.    In October 2016, the SEC also adopted rules relating to liquidity risk management that, among others,
require registered open-end funds to adopt and implement liquidity risk management programs, establish a minimum percentage of their net assets that will be invested in highly liquid investments and adopt policies and procedures to address
shortfalls in meeting that minimum (applicable only to funds that do not primarily hold assets that are highly liquid), and classify and review the liquidity of their portfolio assets. The rules also permit funds to employ “swing pricing,”
under which the net asset value of a fund’s shares may be adjusted in order to pass the cost of trading in such shares to purchasing or redeeming shareholders. In addition, the rules require funds to make disclosures relating to their liquidity
risk management program and swing pricing policies.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 20 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  In December 2015, the SEC also proposed a rule regulating the use of derivatives by
registered funds. Under the proposed rule, a registered fund would be required to, among other things, comply with one of two alternative portfolio limitations designed to impose a limit on the total amount of leverage the fund can obtain through
derivatives transactions; maintain a minimum amount of “qualifying coverage assets” (generally limited to cash and cash equivalents) to support payment obligations for each derivative transaction; establish a derivatives risk management
program if derivative use meets specified thresholds; and comply with new record-keeping, disclosure and reporting requirements related to its use of derivatives.  
 Certain of our European subsidiaries are subject to the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive and related regulations, which govern
the approval, organizational, marketing and reporting requirements of E.U.-based alternative investment managers and the ability of alternative investment fund managers located outside the E.U. to access the E.U. market.  
 The E.U. legislative institutions have reached provisional agreement on an E.U. regulation relating to money market funds, including provisions
prescribing minimum levels of daily and weekly liquidity, clear labeling of money market funds and internal credit risk assessments. This E.U. regulation is currently expected to be published in the second quarter of 2017 and is expected to apply
from early 2018 (subject to transitional provisions).    Compensation Practices  
 Our compensation practices are subject to oversight by the Federal Reserve Board and, with respect to some of our subsidiaries and employees,
by other financial regulatory bodies worldwide. The scope and content of compensation regulation in the financial industry are continuing to develop, and we expect that these regulations and resulting market practices will evolve over a number of
years.  
  The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have provided guidance designed to ensure that
incentive compensation arrangements at banking organizations take into account risk and are consistent with safe and sound practices. The guidance sets forth the following three key principles with respect to incentive compensation arrangements:
(i) the arrangements should provide employees with incentives that appropriately balance risk and financial results in a manner that does not encourage employees to expose their organizations to imprudent risk; (ii) the arrangements should
be compatible with effective controls and risk management; and (iii) the arrangements should be supported by strong corporate governance. The guidance provides that supervisory findings with respect to incentive compensation will be
incorporated, as appropriate, into the organization’s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or perform other actions. The guidance also provides that enforcement actions may be taken against a banking
organization if its incentive compensation arrangements or related risk management, control or governance processes pose a risk to the organization’s safety and soundness.  
 The FSB has released standards for local regulators to implement certain compensation principles for banks and other financial companies
designed to encourage sound compensation practices. In the E.U., the CRR and CRD IV include compensation provisions designed to implement the FSB’s compensation standards. These rules have been implemented by E.U. member states and, among
other things, limit the ratio of variable to fixed compensation of certain employees, including those identified as having a material impact on the risk profile of E.U.-regulated entities, including GSI.  
 The E.U. has also introduced rules regulating compensation for certain persons providing services to certain investment funds. These
requirements are in addition to the guidance issued by U.S. financial regulators described above and the Dodd-Frank Act provision described below.  
 During the second quarter of 2016, the U.S. financial regulators, including the Federal Reserve Board and the SEC, proposed revised rules on
incentive-based payment arrangements at specified regulated entities having at least $1 billion in total assets (including Group Inc. and some of its depository institution, broker-dealer and investment adviser subsidiaries).
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 21 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  The proposed revised rules would establish general qualitative requirements applicable to all
covered entities, additional specific requirements for entities with total consolidated assets of at least $50 billion and further, more stringent requirements for those with total consolidated assets of at least $250 billion. The general
qualitative requirements include (i) prohibiting incentive arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks by providing excessive compensation; (ii) prohibiting incentive arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks that could lead to a
material financial loss; (iii) establishing requirements for performance measures to appropriately balance risk and reward; (iv) requiring board of director oversight of incentive arrangements; and (v) mandating appropriate
record-keeping.    For larger financial institutions, the proposed revised rules would also introduce additional requirements applicable only
to “senior executive officers” and “significant risk-takers” (as defined in the proposed rules), including (i) limits on performance measures and leverage relating to performance targets; (ii) minimum deferral periods;
and (iii) subjecting incentive compensation to possible downward adjustment, forfeiture and clawback.    In October 2016, the NYDFS
issued guidance emphasizing that its regulated banking institutions, including GS Bank USA, must ensure that any incentive compensation arrangements tied to employee performance indicators are subject to effective risk management, oversight and
control.    Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Bribery Rules and Regulations  
 The U.S. Bank Secrecy Act (BSA), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (PATRIOT Act), contains anti-money laundering and financial
transparency laws and mandated the implementation of various regulations applicable to all financial institutions, including standards for verifying client identification at account opening, and obligations to monitor client transactions and report
suspicious activities. Through these and other provisions, the BSA and the PATRIOT Act seek to promote the identification of parties that may be involved in terrorism, money laundering or other suspicious activities. Anti-money laundering laws
outside the U.S. contain some similar provisions.  
  In addition, we are subject to laws and regulations worldwide, including the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, relating to corrupt and illegal payments to, and hiring practices with regard to, government officials and others. The scope of the types of payments or other benefits covered by these laws is very
broad and regulators are frequently using enforcement proceedings to define the scope of these laws. The obligation of financial institutions, including Goldman Sachs, to identify their clients, to monitor for and report suspicious transactions, to
monitor direct and indirect payments to government officials, to respond to requests for information by regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies, and to share information with other financial institutions, has required the implementation
and maintenance of internal practices, procedures and controls.    Privacy and Cyber Security Regulation  
 Certain of our businesses are subject to laws and regulations enacted by U.S. federal and state governments, the E.U. or other  non-U.S.  jurisdictions and/or enacted by various regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to the privacy of the information of clients, employees or others, including the GLB Act, the E.U. Data Protection
Directive, the Japanese Personal Information Protection Act, the Hong Kong Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, the Australian Privacy Act and the Brazilian Bank Secrecy Law.  
 In February 2017, the NYDFS adopted regulations that will, beginning March 1, 2017, require financial institutions regulated by
the NYDFS, including GS Bank USA, to, among other things, (i) establish and maintain a cyber security program designed to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of their information systems; (ii) implement and maintain a
written cyber security policy setting forth policies and procedures for the protection of their information systems and nonpublic information; and (iii) designate a Chief Information Security Officer. In addition, in October 2016, the U.S.
federal bank regulatory agencies issued an advance notice of proposed rulemaking on potential enhanced cyber risk management standards for large financial institutions.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 22 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Other Regulation  
 U.S. and non-U.S. government agencies, regulatory bodies and self-regulatory organizations, as well as state securities commissions and other
state regulators in the U.S., are empowered to conduct administrative proceedings that can result in censure, fine, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, or the suspension or expulsion of a regulated entity or its directors, officers or
employees. In addition, a number of our other activities require us to obtain licenses, adhere to applicable regulations and be subject to the oversight of various regulators in the jurisdictions in which we conduct these activities.  
 The E.U. is finalizing implementing measures under the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation and under a revision of the Markets in
Financial Instruments Directive (collectively, MiFID II). MiFID II will become effective on January 3, 2018. Although the implementing rules and technical standards were largely finalized by the European Commission and the European
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) in the second half of 2016, significant legal uncertainty still remains in terms of commodities position limits and several market structure rules. In addition, legal uncertainty will remain until member
states finalize their rules transposing MiFID II into their law, which they are required to do by July 2017.    MiFID II includes
extensive market structure reforms, such as the establishment of new trading venue categories for the purposes of discharging the obligation to trade OTC derivatives on a trading platform and enhanced pre- and post-trade transparency covering a
wider range of financial instruments. In equities, MiFID II introduces volume caps on non-transparent liquidity trading for trading venues, limits the use of broker-dealer crossing networks and creates a new regime for systematic internalizers,
which execute client transactions outside a trading venue.    Additional controls will be introduced for algorithmic trading, high frequency
trading and direct electronic access. Commodities trading firms will be required to calculate their positions and adhere to specific limits. Other reforms introduce enhanced transaction reporting, the publication of best execution data by investment
firms and trading venues, transparency on costs and charges of service to investors, changes to the way investment managers can pay for the receipt of investment research and mandatory unbundling for broker-dealers between execution and other major
services.  
  The E.U. and national financial legislators and regulators in the E.U. have proposed or adopted
numerous further market reforms that may impact our businesses, including heightened corporate governance standards for financial institutions, rules on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products and rules
on indices that are used as benchmarks for financial instruments or funds. In addition, the European Commission, ESMA and the European Banking Authority have announced or are formulating regulatory standards and other measures which will impact our
European operations. Certain of our European subsidiaries are also regulated by the securities, derivatives and commodities exchanges of which they are members.  
 The European Commission has published a proposal for a common system of financial transactions tax which would be implemented in certain E.U.
member states willing to engage in enhanced cooperation in this area. The proposed financial transactions tax is broad in scope and would apply to transactions in a wide variety of financial instruments and derivatives. The European Commission has
also published a draft proposal for structural reform of E.U. banks, which would prohibit certain banks from proprietary trading and would require separating certain trading activities from deposit-taking entities.  
 As described above, many of our subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements in jurisdictions throughout the world. Subsidiaries
not subject to separate regulation may hold capital to satisfy local tax guidelines, rating agency requirements or internal policies, including policies concerning the minimum amount of capital a subsidiary should hold based upon its underlying
risk.    Available Information  
 Our internet address is  www.gs.com  and the investor relations section of our website is located at  www.gs.com/shareholders . We
make available free of charge through the investor relations section of our website, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act), as well as proxy statements, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 23 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Also posted on our website, and available in print upon request of any shareholder to our
Investor Relations Department, are our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, charters for our Audit Committee, Risk Committee, Compensation Committee, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, and Public Responsibilities Committee, our
Policy Regarding Director Independence Determinations, our Policy on Reporting of Concerns Regarding Accounting and Other Matters, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics governing our directors, officers and
employees. Within the time period required by the SEC, we will post on our website any amendment to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any waiver applicable to any executive officer, director or senior financial officer. In addition, our
website includes information concerning:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Purchases and sales of our equity securities by our executive officers and directors;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Disclosure relating to certain non-GAAP financial measures (as defined in the SEC’s Regulation G) that we
may make public orally, telephonically, by webcast, by broadcast or by other means from time to time;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Dodd-Frank Act stress test results;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The public portion of our resolution plan submission; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Our risk management practices and regulatory capital ratios, as required under the disclosure-related
provisions of the Revised Capital Framework, which are based on the third pillar of Basel III.    Our Investor
Relations Department can be contacted at The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 200 West Street, 29th Floor, New York, New York 10282, Attn: Investor Relations, telephone: 212-902-0300, e-mail:  gs-investor-relations@gs.com .  
 From time to time, we use our website, our Twitter account (twitter.com/GoldmanSachs) and other social media channels as additional means of
disclosing public information to investors, the media and others interested in Goldman Sachs. It is possible that certain information we post on our website and on social media could be deemed to be material information, and we encourage investors,
the media and others interested in Goldman Sachs to review the business and financial information we post on our website and on the social media channels identified above. The information on our website and our social media channels is not
incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K.  
  Cautionary Statement Pursuant to the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995    We have included or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, and from time to time our management may
make, statements that may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but
instead represent only our beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control. These statements include statements other than historical information or statements of current condition
and may relate to our future plans and objectives and results, among other things, and may also include statements about the effect of changes to the capital, leverage, liquidity, long-term debt and total loss-absorbing capacity rules applicable to
banks and bank holding companies, the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on our businesses and operations, and various legal proceedings, governmental investigations or mortgage-related contingencies as set forth in Notes 27 and 18, respectively, to
the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, as well as statements about the results of our Dodd-Frank Act and firm stress tests, statements about the objectives and effectiveness of our business
continuity plan, information security program, risk management and liquidity policies, statements about our resolution plan and resolution strategy and their implications for our debtholders and other stakeholders, statements about trends in or
growth opportunities for our businesses, statements about our future status, activities or reporting under U.S. or non-U.S. banking and financial regulation and statements about our investment banking transaction backlog.  
 By identifying these statements for you in this manner, we are alerting you to the possibility that our actual results and financial condition
may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ from those indicated in the
forward-looking statements include, among others, those described below and in “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 24 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Statements about our investment banking transaction backlog are subject to the risk that the
terms of these transactions may be modified or that they may not be completed at all; therefore, the net revenues, if any, that we actually earn from these transactions may differ, possibly materially, from those currently expected. Important
factors that could result in a modification of the terms of a transaction or a transaction not being completed include, in the case of underwriting transactions, a decline or continued weakness in general economic conditions, outbreak of
hostilities, volatility in the securities markets generally or an adverse development with respect to the issuer of the securities and, in the case of financial advisory transactions, a decline in the securities markets, an inability to obtain
adequate financing, an adverse development with respect to a party to the transaction or a failure to obtain a required regulatory approval. For information about other important factors that could adversely affect our investment banking
transactions, see “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K.    We have provided in this filing
information regarding the firm’s capital, liquidity and leverage ratios, including the CET1 ratios under the Advanced and Standardized approaches on a fully phased-in basis, as well as the LCR and the NSFR for the firm and the supplementary
leverage ratios for the firm and GS Bank USA. The statements with respect to these ratios are forward-looking statements, based on our current interpretation, expectations and understandings of the relevant regulatory rules, guidance and proposals,
and reflect significant assumptions concerning the treatment of various assets and liabilities and the manner in which the ratios are calculated. As a result, the methods used to calculate these ratios may differ, possibly materially, from those
used in calculating the firm’s capital, liquidity and leverage ratios for any future disclosures. The ultimate methods of calculating the ratios will depend on, among other things, implementation guidance or further rulemaking from the U.S.
federal bank regulatory agencies and the development of market practices and standards.
 
  Item 1A.    Risk Factor s  
 We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal,
regulatory and reputational risks. The following are some of the more important factors that could affect our businesses.    Our businesses have
been and may continue to be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally.  
 Our businesses, by their nature, do not produce predictable earnings, and all of our businesses are materially affected by conditions in the
global financial markets and economic conditions generally, both directly and through their impact on client activity levels. These conditions can change suddenly and negatively.  
 Our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate. A favorable business environment is generally
characterized by, among other factors, high global gross domestic product growth, regulatory and market conditions which result in transparent, liquid and efficient capital markets, low inflation, high business and investor confidence, stable
geopolitical conditions, clear regulations and strong business earnings. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by: concerns about sovereign defaults; uncertainty in U.S. federal fiscal or monetary policy, the U.S.
federal debt ceiling and the continued funding of the U.S. government; the extent of and uncertainty about the timing and nature of regulatory reforms; declines in economic growth, business activity or investor or business confidence; limitations on
the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital; illiquid markets; increases in inflation, interest rates, exchange rate or basic commodity price volatility or default rates; outbreaks of hostilities or other geopolitical instability
or uncertainty, such as Brexit; corporate, political or other scandals that reduce investor confidence in capital markets; extreme weather events or other natural disasters or pandemics; or a combination of these or other factors.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 25 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  The financial services industry and the securities markets have been materially and adversely
affected in the past by significant declines in the values of nearly all asset classes and by a serious lack of liquidity. In addition, concerns about European sovereign debt risk and its impact on the European banking system, about the impact of
Brexit, and about changes in interest rates and other market conditions or actual changes in interest rates and other market conditions, including market conditions in China, have resulted, at times, in significant volatility while negatively
impacting the levels of client activity.    General uncertainty about economic, political and market activities, and the scope, timing and
final implementation of regulatory reform, as well as weak consumer, investor and CEO confidence resulting in large part from such uncertainty, continues to negatively impact client activity, which adversely affects many of our businesses. Periods
of low volatility and periods of high volatility combined with a lack of liquidity, have at times had an unfavorable impact on our market-making businesses.  
 Our revenues and profitability and those of our competitors have been and will continue to be impacted by requirements relating to capital,
additional loss-absorbing capacity, leverage, minimum liquidity and long-term funding levels, requirements related to resolution and recovery planning, derivatives clearing and margin rules and levels of regulatory oversight, as well as limitations
on which and, if permitted, how certain business activities may be carried out by financial institutions. Although interest rates are at or near historically low levels, financial institution returns have also been negatively impacted by increased
funding costs due in part to the withdrawal of perceived government support of such institutions in the event of future financial crises. In addition, liquidity in the financial markets has also been negatively impacted as market participants and
market practices and structures adjust to new regulations.    The degree to which these and other changes resulting from the financial crisis
will have a long-term impact on the profitability of financial institutions will depend on the final interpretation and implementation of new regulations, the manner in which markets, market participants and financial institutions adapt to the new
landscape, and the prevailing economic and financial market conditions. However, there is a significant risk that such changes will, at least in the near term, continue to negatively impact the absolute level of revenues, profitability and return on
equity at our firm and at other financial institutions.
 
  Our businesses and those of our clients are subject to extensive and pervasive regulation around the
world.    As a participant in the financial services industry and a systemically important financial institution, we are subject to
extensive regulation in jurisdictions around the world. We face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory and taxing authorities in all jurisdictions in which we conduct our businesses. In many cases, our activities may be subject to
overlapping and divergent regulation in different jurisdictions. Among other things, as a result of regulators or private parties challenging our compliance with existing laws and regulations, we could be fined, prohibited from engaging in some of
our business activities, subject to limitations or conditions on our business activities, including higher capital requirements, or subjected to new or substantially higher taxes or other governmental charges in connection with the conduct of our
businesses or with respect to our employees. Such limitations or conditions may limit our business activities and negatively impact our profitability.  
 Separate and apart from the impact on the scope and profitability of our business activities, day-to-day compliance with existing laws and
regulations, in particular those laws and regulations adopted since 2008, has involved and will, except to the extent that some of such regulations are eventually modified or otherwise repealed, continue to involve significant amounts of time,
including that of our senior leaders and that of an increasing number of dedicated compliance and other reporting and operational personnel, all of which may negatively impact our profitability.  
 If there are new laws or regulations or changes in the enforcement of existing laws or regulations applicable to our businesses or those of our
clients, including capital, liquidity, leverage, long-term debt, total loss-absorbing capacity and margin requirements, restrictions on leveraged lending or other business practices, reporting requirements, requirements relating to recovery and
resolution planning, tax burdens and compensation restrictions, that are imposed on a limited subset of financial institutions (either based on size, activities, geography or other criteria), compliance with these new laws or regulations, or changes
in the enforcement of existing laws or regulations, could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively with other institutions that are not affected in the same way. In addition, regulation imposed on financial institutions or market
participants generally, such as taxes on financial transactions, could adversely impact levels of market activity more broadly, and thus impact our businesses.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 26 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  These developments could impact our profitability in the affected jurisdictions, or even make it
uneconomic for us to continue to conduct all or certain of our businesses in such jurisdictions, or could cause us to incur significant costs associated with changing our business practices, restructuring our businesses, moving all or certain of our
businesses and our employees to other locations or complying with applicable capital requirements, including liquidating assets or raising capital in a manner that adversely increases our funding costs or otherwise adversely affects our shareholders
and creditors.    U.S. and non-U.S. regulatory developments, in particular the Dodd-Frank Act and Basel III, have significantly altered
the regulatory framework within which we operate and may adversely affect our competitive position and profitability.    Among the aspects of
the Dodd-Frank Act that have affected or may in the future affect our businesses are: increased capital, liquidity and reporting requirements; limitations on activities in which we may engage; increased regulation of and restrictions on OTC
derivatives markets and transactions; limitations on incentive compensation; limitations on affiliate transactions; requirements to reorganize or limit activities in connection with recovery and resolution planning; increased deposit insurance
assessments; and increased standards of care for broker-dealers and investment advisers in dealing with clients. The implementation of higher capital requirements, the LCR, the NSFR, requirements relating to long-term debt and total loss-absorbing
capacity and the prohibition on proprietary trading and the sponsorship of, or investment in, covered funds by the Volcker Rule may adversely affect our profitability and competitive position, particularly if these requirements do not apply equally
to our competitors or are not implemented uniformly across jurisdictions.    As described under “Business —
Regulation — Capital and Liquidity Requirements — Payment of Dividends and Stock Repurchases” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K, Group Inc.’s proposed capital actions and capital plan are reviewed by
the Federal Reserve Board as part of the CCAR process. If the Federal Reserve Board objects to our proposed capital actions in our capital plan, Group Inc. could be prohibited from taking some or all of the proposed capital actions, including
increasing or paying dividends on common or preferred stock or repurchasing common stock or other capital securities. Our inability to carry out our proposed capital actions could, among other things, prevent us from returning capital to our
shareholders and impact our return on equity.  
  We are also subject to laws and regulations relating to the privacy of the information of
clients, employees or others, and any failure to comply with these regulations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. In addition, our businesses are increasingly subject to laws and regulations relating to surveillance, encryption
and data on-shoring in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to change our policies, procedures and technology for information security, which could, among other things, make us more
vulnerable to cyber attacks and misappropriation, corruption or loss of information or technology.    Increasingly, regulators and courts
have sought to hold financial institutions liable for the misconduct of their clients where such regulators and courts have determined that the financial institution should have detected that the client was engaged in wrongdoing, even though the
financial institution had no direct knowledge of the activities engaged in by its client. Regulators and courts have also increasingly found liability as a “control person” for activities of entities in which financial institutions or
funds controlled by financial institutions have an investment, but which they do not actively manage. In addition, regulators and courts continue to seek to establish “fiduciary” obligations to counterparties to which no such duty had been
assumed to exist. To the extent that such efforts are successful, the cost of, and liabilities associated with, engaging in brokerage, clearing, market-making, prime brokerage, investing and other similar activities could increase significantly. To
the extent that we have fiduciary obligations in connection with acting as a financial adviser, investment adviser or in other roles for individual, institutional, sovereign or investment fund clients, any breach, or even an alleged breach, of such
obligations could have materially negative legal, regulatory and reputational consequences.    For information about the extensive regulation
to which our businesses are subject, see “Business — Regulation” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 27 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Our businesses have been and may be adversely affected by declining asset values. This is
particularly true for those businesses in which we have net “long” positions, receive fees based on the value of assets managed, or receive or post collateral.  
 Many of our businesses have net “long” positions in debt securities, loans, derivatives, mortgages, equities (including private
equity and real estate) and most other asset classes. These include positions we take when we act as a principal to facilitate our clients’ activities, including our exchange-based market-making activities, or commit large amounts of capital to
maintain positions in interest rate and credit products, as well as through our currencies, commodities, equities and mortgage-related activities. Because substantially all of these investing, lending and market-making positions are marked-to-market
on a daily basis, declines in asset values directly and immediately impact our earnings, unless we have effectively “hedged” our exposures to such declines.  
 In certain circumstances (particularly in the case of credit products, including leveraged loans, and private equities or other securities that
are not freely tradable or lack established and liquid trading markets), it may not be possible or economic to hedge such exposures and to the extent that we do so the hedge may be ineffective or may greatly reduce our ability to profit from
increases in the values of the assets. Sudden declines and significant volatility in the prices of assets may substantially curtail or eliminate the trading markets for certain assets, which may make it difficult to sell, hedge or value such assets.
The inability to sell or effectively hedge assets reduces our ability to limit losses in such positions and the difficulty in valuing assets may negatively affect our capital, liquidity or leverage ratios, increase our funding costs and generally
require us to maintain additional capital.    In our exchange-based market-making activities, we are obligated by stock exchange rules to
maintain an orderly market, including by purchasing securities in a declining market. In markets where asset values are declining and in volatile markets, this results in losses and an increased need for liquidity.
 
  We receive asset-based management fees based on the value of our clients’ portfolios or
investment in funds managed by us and, in some cases, we also receive incentive fees based on increases in the value of such investments. Declines in asset values reduce the value of our clients’ portfolios or fund assets, which in turn reduce
the fees we earn for managing such assets.    We post collateral to support our obligations and receive collateral to support the obligations
of our clients and counterparties in connection with our client execution businesses. When the value of the assets posted as collateral or the credit ratings of the party posting collateral decline, the party posting the collateral may need to
provide additional collateral or, if possible, reduce its trading position. An example of such a situation is a “margin call” in connection with a brokerage account. Therefore, declines in the value of asset classes used as collateral mean
that either the cost of funding positions is increased or the size of positions is decreased.    If we are the party providing collateral,
this can increase our costs and reduce our profitability and if we are the party receiving collateral, this can also reduce our profitability by reducing the level of business done with our clients and counterparties. In addition, volatile or less
liquid markets increase the difficulty of valuing assets which can lead to costly and time-consuming disputes over asset values and the level of required collateral, as well as increased credit risk to the recipient of the collateral due to delays
in receiving adequate collateral. In cases where we foreclose on collateral, we have been, and may in the future be, subject to claims that the foreclosure was not permitted under the legal documents, was conducted in an improper manner or caused a
client or counterparty to go out of business.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 28 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Our businesses have been and may be adversely affected by disruptions in the credit markets,
including reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining credit.    Widening credit spreads, as well as significant declines
in the availability of credit, have in the past adversely affected our ability to borrow on a secured and unsecured basis and may do so in the future. We fund ourselves on an unsecured basis by issuing long-term debt, by accepting deposits at our
bank subsidiaries, by issuing hybrid financial instruments, or by obtaining bank loans or lines of credit. We seek to finance many of our assets on a secured basis. Any disruptions in the credit markets may make it harder and more expensive to
obtain funding for our businesses. If our available funding is limited or we are forced to fund our operations at a higher cost, these conditions may require us to curtail our business activities and increase our cost of funding, both of which could
reduce our profitability, particularly in our businesses that involve investing, lending and market making.    Our clients engaging in
mergers and acquisitions often rely on access to the secured and unsecured credit markets to finance their transactions. A lack of available credit or an increased cost of credit can adversely affect the size, volume and timing of our clients’
merger and acquisition transactions, particularly large transactions, and adversely affect our financial advisory and underwriting businesses.  
 Our credit businesses have been and may in the future be negatively affected by a lack of liquidity in credit markets. A lack of liquidity
reduces price transparency, increases price volatility and decreases transaction volumes and size, all of which can increase transaction risk or decrease the profitability of such businesses.
 
  Our market-making activities have been and may be affected by changes in the levels of market
volatility.    Certain of our market-making activities depend on market volatility to provide trading and arbitrage opportunities to
our clients, and decreases in volatility may reduce these opportunities and adversely affect the results of these activities. On the other hand, increased volatility, while it can increase trading volumes and spreads, also increases risk as measured
by Value-at-Risk (VaR) and may expose us to increased risks in connection with our market-making activities or cause us to reduce our market-making inventory in order to avoid increasing our VaR. Limiting the size of our market-making positions can
adversely affect our profitability. In periods when volatility is increasing, but asset values are declining significantly, it may not be possible to sell assets at all or it may only be possible to do so at steep discounts. In such circumstances we
may be forced to either take on additional risk or to realize losses in order to decrease our VaR. In addition, increases in volatility increase the level of our RWAs, which increases our capital requirements.  
 Our investment banking, client execution and investment management businesses have been adversely affected and may in the future be adversely
affected by market uncertainty or lack of confidence among investors and CEOs due to general declines in economic activity and other unfavorable economic, geopolitical or market conditions.  
 Our investment banking business has been and may continue to be adversely affected by market conditions. Poor economic conditions and other
adverse geopolitical conditions can adversely affect and have in the past adversely affected investor and CEO confidence, resulting in significant industry-wide declines in the size and number of underwritings and of financial advisory transactions,
which could have an adverse effect on our revenues and our profit margins. In particular, because a significant portion of our investment banking revenues is derived from our participation in large transactions, a decline in the number of large
transactions would adversely affect our investment banking business.    In certain circumstances, market uncertainty or general declines in
market or economic activity may affect our client execution businesses by decreasing levels of overall activity or by decreasing volatility, but at other times market uncertainty and even declining economic activity may result in higher trading
volumes or higher spreads or both.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 29 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Market uncertainty, volatility and adverse economic conditions, as well as declines in asset
values, may cause our clients to transfer their assets out of our funds or other products or their brokerage accounts and result in reduced net revenues, principally in our investment management business. To the extent that clients do not withdraw
their funds, they may invest them in products that generate less fee income.    Our investment management business may be affected by the poor
investment performance of our investment products or a client preference for products other than those which we offer.    Poor
investment returns in our investment management business, due to either general market conditions or underperformance (relative to our competitors or to benchmarks) by funds or accounts that we manage or investment products that we design or sell,
affects our ability to retain existing assets and to attract new clients or additional assets from existing clients. This could affect the management and incentive fees that we earn on assets under supervision or the commissions and net spreads that
we earn for selling other investment products, such as structured notes or derivatives. To the extent that our clients choose to invest in products that we do not currently offer, we will suffer outflows and a loss of management fees.  
 We may incur losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies.  
 We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a risk and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but complementary
financial, credit, operational, compliance and legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms. Our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing or lending
positions, and underwriting activities, with our exposure to potential losses. While we employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot
anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. Thus, we may, in the course of our activities, incur losses. Market conditions in recent years have involved unprecedented dislocations and highlight the
limitations inherent in using historical data to manage risk.
 
  The models that we use to assess and control our risk exposures reflect assumptions about the
degrees of correlation or lack thereof among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators. In times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances, such as those that occurred during 2008 and early 2009, and to some extent since
2011, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated, or conversely previously correlated indicators may move in different directions. These types of market movements have at times limited the effectiveness of our hedging strategies and
have caused us to incur significant losses, and they may do so in the future. These changes in correlation can be exacerbated where other market participants are using risk or trading models with assumptions or algorithms that are similar to ours.
In these and other cases, it may be difficult to reduce our risk positions due to the activity of other market participants or widespread market dislocations, including circumstances where asset values are declining significantly or no market exists
for certain assets.    In addition, the use of models in connection with risk management and numerous other critical activities presents
risks that such models may be ineffective, either because of poor design or ineffective testing, improper or flawed inputs, as well as unpermitted access to such models resulting in unapproved or malicious changes to the model or its inputs.  
 To the extent that we have positions through our market-making or origination activities or we make investments directly through our investing
activities, including private equity, that do not have an established liquid trading market or are otherwise subject to restrictions on sale or hedging, we may not be able to reduce our positions and therefore reduce our risk associated with such
positions. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law and regulation, we invest our own capital in private equity, credit, real estate and hedge funds that we manage and limitations on our ability to withdraw some or all of our
investments in these funds, whether for legal, reputational or other reasons, may make it more difficult for us to control the risk exposures relating to these investments.  
 Prudent risk management, as well as regulatory restrictions, may cause us to limit our exposure to counterparties, geographic areas or markets,
which may limit our business opportunities and increase the cost of our funding or hedging activities.    For further information about our
risk management policies and procedures, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Risk Management” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 30 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Our liquidity, profitability and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access the
debt capital markets or to sell assets or by a reduction in our credit ratings or by an increase in our credit spreads.    Liquidity
is essential to our businesses. Our liquidity may be impaired by an inability to access secured and/or unsecured debt markets, an inability to access funds from our subsidiaries or otherwise allocate liquidity optimally across our firm, an inability
to sell assets or redeem our investments, or unforeseen outflows of cash or collateral. This situation may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as a general market disruption or an operational problem that affects third
parties or us, or even by the perception among market participants that we, or other market participants, are experiencing greater liquidity risk.  
 We employ structured products to benefit our clients and hedge our own risks. The financial instruments that we hold and the contracts to which
we are a party are often complex, and these complex structured products often do not have readily available markets to access in times of liquidity stress. Our investing and lending activities may lead to situations where the holdings from these
activities represent a significant portion of specific markets, which could restrict liquidity for our positions.    Further, our ability to
sell assets may be impaired if there is not generally a liquid market for such assets, as well as in circumstances where other market participants are seeking to sell similar otherwise generally liquid assets at the same time, as is likely to occur
in a liquidity or other market crisis or in response to changes to rules or regulations. For example, under the Volcker Rule, we are currently required to sell our interests in “illiquid funds” by July 2017. If our request for an
extension is not granted, we will be required to sell such interests by July 2017 and we will likely receive significantly less than our carrying value for those assets. In addition, financial institutions with which we interact may exercise
set-off rights or the right to require additional collateral, including in difficult market conditions, which could further impair our liquidity.
 
  Our credit ratings are important to our liquidity. A reduction in our credit ratings could
adversely affect our liquidity and competitive position, increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to the capital markets or trigger our obligations under certain provisions in some of our trading and collateralized financing contracts. Under
these provisions, counterparties could be permitted to terminate contracts with us or require us to post additional collateral. Termination of our trading and collateralized financing contracts could cause us to sustain losses and impair our
liquidity by requiring us to find other sources of financing or to make significant cash payments or securities movements.    As of
December 2016, in the event of a one-notch and two-notch downgrade of our credit ratings our counterparties could have called for additional collateral or termination payments related to our net derivative liabilities under bilateral agreements
in an aggregate amount of $677 million and $2.22 billion, respectively. A downgrade by any one rating agency, depending on the agency’s relative ratings of us at the time of the downgrade, may have an impact which is comparable to the
impact of a downgrade by all rating agencies. For further information about our credit ratings, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Risk Management — Liquidity
Risk Management — Credit Ratings” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K.    Our cost of obtaining long-term
unsecured funding is directly related to our credit spreads (the amount in excess of the interest rate of U.S. Treasury securities (or other benchmark securities) of the same maturity that we need to pay to our debt investors). Increases in our
credit spreads can significantly increase our cost of this funding. Changes in credit spreads are continuous, market-driven, and subject at times to unpredictable and highly volatile movements. Our credit spreads are also influenced by market
perceptions of our creditworthiness. In addition, our credit spreads may be influenced by movements in the costs to purchasers of credit default swaps referenced to our long-term debt. The market for credit default swaps has proven to be extremely
volatile and at times has lacked a high degree of transparency or liquidity.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 31 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Regulatory changes relating to liquidity may also negatively impact our results of operations
and competitive position. Recently, numerous regulations have been adopted or proposed, and additional regulations are under consideration, to introduce more stringent liquidity requirements for large financial institutions. These regulations and
others being considered address, among other matters, liquidity stress testing, minimum liquidity requirements, wholesale funding, limitations on the issuance of short-term debt and structured notes and prohibitions on parent guarantees that are
subject to cross-defaults. These may overlap with, and be impacted by, other regulatory changes, including new rules relating to minimum long-term debt requirements and TLAC, guidance on the treatment of brokered deposits and the capital, leverage
and resolution and recovery frameworks applicable to large financial institutions. Given the overlap and complex interactions among these new and prospective regulations, they may have unintended cumulative effects, and their full impact will remain
uncertain until implementation of post-financial crisis regulatory reform is complete.    A failure to appropriately identify and address
potential conflicts of interest could adversely affect our businesses.    Due to the broad scope of our businesses and our client
base, we regularly address potential conflicts of interest, including situations where our services to a particular client or our own investments or other interests conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of another client, as
well as situations where one or more of our businesses have access to material non-public information that may not be shared with other businesses within the firm and situations where we may be a creditor of an entity with which we also have an
advisory or other relationship.    In addition, our status as a bank holding company subjects us to heightened regulation and increased
regulatory scrutiny by the Federal Reserve Board with respect to transactions between GS Bank USA and entities that are or could be viewed as affiliates of ours and, under the Volcker Rule, transactions between Goldman Sachs and certain covered
funds.  
  We have extensive procedures and controls that are designed to identify and address conflicts of
interest, including those designed to prevent the improper sharing of information among our businesses. However, appropriately identifying and dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult, and our reputation, which is one of our most
important assets, could be damaged and the willingness of clients to enter into transactions with us may be affected if we fail, or appear to fail, to identify, disclose and deal appropriately with conflicts of interest. In addition, potential or
perceived conflicts could give rise to litigation or regulatory enforcement actions.    A failure in our operational systems or infrastructure,
or those of third parties, as well as human error, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses.  
 Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions, many of which are
highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. These transactions, as well as the information technology services we provide to clients, often must adhere to client-specific
guidelines, as well as legal and regulatory standards.    Many rules and regulations worldwide govern our obligations to report transactions
and other information to regulators, exchanges and investors. Compliance with these legal and reporting requirements can be challenging, and the firm and other financial institutions have been subject to regulatory fines and penalties for failing to
report timely, accurate and complete information. As reporting requirements expand, compliance with these rules and regulations has become more challenging.  
 As our client base and our geographical reach expand and the volume, speed, frequency and complexity of transactions, especially electronic
transactions (as well as the requirements to report such transactions on a real-time basis to clients, regulators and exchanges) increase, developing and maintaining our operational systems and infrastructure becomes more challenging, and the risk
of systems or human error in connection with such transactions increases, as well as the potential consequences of such errors due to the speed and volume of transactions involved and the potential difficulty associated with discovering such errors
quickly enough to limit the resulting consequences.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 32 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Our financial, accounting, data processing or other operational systems and facilities may fail
to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as a spike in transaction volume, adversely affecting our ability to process these transactions or provide these services. We must
continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training to ensure that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and
regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or the firm.  
 Systems enhancements and updates, as well as the requisite training, including in connection with the integration of new businesses, entail
significant costs and create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones.    Notwithstanding the
proliferation of technology and technology-based risk and control systems, our businesses ultimately rely on people as our greatest resource, and, from time-to-time, they make mistakes that are not always caught immediately by our technological
processes or by our other procedures which are intended to prevent and detect such errors. These can include calculation errors, mistakes in addressing emails, errors in software or model development or implementation, or simple errors in judgment.
We strive to eliminate such human errors through training, supervision, technology and by redundant processes and controls. Human errors, even if promptly discovered and remediated, can result in material losses and liabilities for the firm.  
 In addition, we face the risk of operational failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing
houses or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities and derivatives transactions, and as our interconnectivity with our clients grows, we increasingly face the risk of operational failure with respect to our clients’
systems.  
  In recent years, there has been significant consolidation among clearing agents, exchanges and
clearing houses and an increasing number of derivative transactions are now or in the near future will be cleared on exchanges, which has increased our exposure to operational failure, termination or capacity constraints of the particular financial
intermediaries that we use and could affect our ability to find adequate and cost-effective alternatives in the event of any such failure, termination or constraint. Industry consolidation, whether among market participants or financial
intermediaries, increases the risk of operational failure as disparate complex systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis.  
 Furthermore, the interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, exchanges and clearing houses, and the increased
centrality of these entities, increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact our ability to conduct business. Any such failure, termination or
constraint could adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk or expand our businesses or result in financial loss or liability to our clients, impairment of our liquidity, disruption of our
businesses, regulatory intervention or reputational damage.    Despite the resiliency plans and facilities we have in place, our ability to
conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities in which we are located. This may include a disruption involving electrical, satellite, undersea cable or other
communications, internet, transportation or other services facilities used by us or third parties with which we conduct business, including cloud service providers. These disruptions may occur as a result of events that affect only our buildings or
systems or those of such third parties, or as a result of events with a broader impact globally, regionally or in the cities where those buildings or systems are located, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, war, civil unrest,
terrorism, economic or political developments, pandemics and weather events.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 33 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Nearly all of our employees in our primary locations, including the New York metropolitan area,
London, Bengaluru, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Salt Lake City, work in close proximity to one another, in one or more buildings. Notwithstanding our efforts to maintain business continuity, given that our headquarters and the largest concentration of our
employees are in the New York metropolitan area, and our two principal office buildings in the New York area both are located on the waterfront of the Hudson River, depending on the intensity and longevity of the event, a catastrophic event
impacting our New York metropolitan area offices, including a terrorist attack, extreme weather event or other hostile or catastrophic event, could negatively affect our business. If a disruption occurs in one location and our employees in that
location are unable to occupy our offices or communicate with or travel to other locations, our ability to service and interact with our clients may suffer, and we may not be able to successfully implement contingency plans that depend on
communication or travel.    A failure to protect our computer systems, networks and information, and our clients’ information, against cyber
attacks and similar threats could impair our ability to conduct our businesses, result in the disclosure, theft or destruction of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses.  
 Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and
networks. There have been several highly publicized cases involving financial services companies, consumer-based companies and other organizations reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client, customer or other confidential information in recent
years, as well as cyber attacks involving the dissemination, theft and destruction of corporate information or other assets, as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties,
including actions by foreign governments. There have also been several highly publicized cases where hackers have requested “ransom” payments in exchange for not disclosing customer information.
 
  We are regularly the target of attempted cyber attacks, including denial-of-service attacks, and
must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption. We may face an increasing number of attempted cyber attacks as we expand our mobile- and other internet-based
products and services, as well as our usage of mobile and cloud technologies and as we provide more of these services to a greater number of retail clients. In addition, due to our interconnectivity with third-party vendors, central agents,
exchanges, clearing houses and other financial institutions, we could be adversely impacted if any of them is subject to a successful cyber attack or other information security event.  
 Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and information, we may not be able to anticipate, detect or implement effective
preventive measures against all cyber threats, especially because the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently and are often not recognized until launched. Cyber attacks can originate from a variety of sources, including
third parties who are affiliated with foreign governments or are involved with organized crime or terrorist organizations. Third parties may also attempt to place individuals within the firm or induce employees, clients or other users of our systems
to disclose sensitive information or provide access to our data or that of our clients, and these types of risks may be difficult to detect or prevent.  
 Although we take protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be
vulnerable to unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code and other events that could have a security impact. Due to the complexity and interconnectedness of our systems, the process of enhancing our protective measures can
itself create a risk of systems disruptions and security issues.    If one or more of such events occur, this potentially could jeopardize
our or our clients’ or counterparties’ confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our clients’, our
counterparties’ or third parties’ operations, which could impact their ability to transact with us or otherwise result in significant losses or reputational damage.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 34 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  The increased use of mobile and cloud technologies can heighten these and other operational
risks. We expect to expend significant additional resources on an ongoing basis to modify our protective measures and to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, but these measures may be ineffective and we may be subject to
litigation and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. Certain aspects of the security of such technologies are unpredictable or beyond our control, and the failure by mobile
technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber attacks could disrupt our operations and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss of confidential and other information. In addition, there is a
risk that encryption and other protective measures, despite their sophistication, may be defeated, particularly to the extent that new computing technologies vastly increase the speed and computing power available.  
 We routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential and proprietary information by email and other electronic means. We have discussed and
worked with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and protect against cyber attacks, but we do not have, and may be unable to put in place, secure capabilities with
all of our clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties and we may not be able to ensure that these third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information. An interception,
misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information being sent to or received from a client, vendor, service provider, counterparty or other third party could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm.
   Group Inc. is a holding company and is dependent for liquidity on payments from its subsidiaries, many of which are subject to restrictions.
   Group Inc. is a holding company and, therefore, depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to
fund dividend payments and to fund all payments on its obligations, including debt obligations. Many of our subsidiaries, including our broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries, are subject to laws that restrict dividend payments or authorize regulatory
bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to Group Inc.
 
  In addition, our broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their
ability to lend or transact with affiliates and to minimum regulatory capital and other requirements, as well as restrictions on their ability to use funds deposited with them in brokerage or bank accounts to fund their businesses. Additional
restrictions on related-party transactions, increased capital and liquidity requirements and additional limitations on the use of funds on deposit in bank or brokerage accounts, as well as lower earnings, can reduce the amount of funds available to
meet the obligations of Group Inc., including under the Federal Reserve Board’s source of strength policy, and even require Group Inc. to provide additional funding to such subsidiaries. Restrictions or regulatory action of that kind could
impede access to funds that Group Inc. needs to make payments on its obligations, including debt obligations, or dividend payments. In addition, Group Inc.’s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation
or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors.    There has been a trend towards increased regulation
and supervision of our subsidiaries by the governments and regulators in the countries in which those subsidiaries are located or do business. Concerns about protecting clients and creditors of financial institutions that are controlled by persons
or entities located outside of the country in which such entities are located or do business have caused or may cause a number of governments and regulators to take additional steps to “ring fence” or maintain internal total loss-absorbing
capacity at such entities in order to protect clients and creditors of such entities in the event of financial difficulties involving such entities. The result has been and may continue to be additional limitations on our ability to efficiently move
capital and liquidity among our affiliated entities, thereby increasing the overall level of capital and liquidity required by us on a consolidated basis.  
 Furthermore, Group Inc. has guaranteed the payment obligations of certain of its subsidiaries, including GS&Co. and GS Bank USA, subject to
certain exceptions. In addition, Group Inc. guarantees many of the obligations of its other consolidated subsidiaries on a transaction-by-transaction basis, as negotiated with counterparties. These guarantees may require Group Inc. to provide
substantial funds or assets to its subsidiaries or their creditors or counterparties at a time when Group Inc. is in need of liquidity to fund its own obligations.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 35 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  The requirements for Group Inc. and GS Bank USA to develop and submit recovery and resolution
plans to regulators, and the incorporation of feedback received from regulators, may require us to increase capital or liquidity levels or issue additional long-term debt at Group Inc. or particular subsidiaries or otherwise incur additional or
duplicative operational or other costs at multiple entities, and may reduce our ability to provide Group Inc. guarantees of the obligations of our subsidiaries or raise debt at Group Inc. Resolution planning may also impair our ability to structure
our intercompany and external activities in a manner that we may otherwise deem most operationally efficient. Furthermore, arrangements to facilitate our resolution planning may cause us to be subject to additional taxes. Any such limitations or
requirements would be in addition to the legal and regulatory restrictions described above on our ability to engage in capital actions or make intercompany dividends or payments.  
 See “Business — Regulation” in Part I, Item 1 of this  Form 10-K  for
further information about regulatory restrictions.    The application of regulatory strategies and requirements in the U.S. and non-U.S.
jurisdictions to facilitate the orderly resolution of large financial institutions could create greater risk of loss for Group Inc.’s security holders.  
 As described under “Business — Regulation — Banking Supervision and Regulation — Insolvency of an Insured
Depository Institution or a Bank Holding Company,” if the FDIC is appointed as receiver under OLA, the rights of Group Inc.’s creditors would be determined under OLA, and substantial differences exist in the rights of creditors between OLA
and the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, including the right of the FDIC under OLA to disregard the strict priority of creditor claims in some circumstances, which could have a material adverse effect on debtholders.
 
  The FDIC has announced that a single point of entry strategy may be a desirable strategy under
OLA to resolve a large financial institution such as Group Inc. in a manner that would, among other things, impose losses on shareholders, debtholders and other creditors of the top-tier holding company (in our case, Group Inc.), while the holding
company’s subsidiaries may continue to operate. It is possible that the application of the single point of entry strategy under OLA, in which Group Inc. would be the only legal entity to enter resolution proceedings (and its material
broker-dealer, bank and other operating entities would not enter resolution proceedings), would result in greater losses to Group Inc.’s security holders (including holders of our fixed rate, floating rate and indexed debt securities), than the
losses that would result from the application of a bankruptcy proceeding or a different resolution strategy, such as a multiple point of entry resolution strategy for Group Inc. and certain of its material subsidiaries.  
 Assuming Group Inc. entered resolution proceedings and that support from Group Inc. to its subsidiaries was sufficient to enable the
subsidiaries to remain solvent, losses at the subsidiary level would be transferred to Group Inc. and ultimately borne by Group Inc.’s security holders, third-party creditors of Group Inc.’s subsidiaries would receive full recoveries on
their claims, and Group Inc.’s security holders (including our shareholders, debtholders and other unsecured creditors) could face significant losses. In that case, Group Inc.’s security holders would face losses while the third-party
creditors of Group Inc.’s subsidiaries would incur no losses because the subsidiaries would continue to operate and would not enter resolution or bankruptcy proceedings. In addition, holders of Group Inc.’s eligible long-term debt and
holders of Group Inc.’s other debt securities could face losses ahead of its other similarly situated creditors in a resolution under OLA if the FDIC exercised its right, described above, to disregard the strict priority of creditor claims.
   OLA also provides the FDIC with authority to cause creditors and shareholders of the financial company such as Group Inc. in receivership
to bear losses before taxpayers are exposed to such losses, and amounts owed to the U.S. government would generally receive a statutory payment priority over the claims of private creditors, including senior creditors.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 36 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  In addition, under OLA, claims of creditors (including debtholders) could be satisfied through
the issuance of equity or other securities in a bridge entity to which Group Inc.’s assets are transferred. If such a securities-for-claims exchange were implemented, there can be no assurance that the value of the securities of the bridge
entity would be sufficient to repay or satisfy all or any part of the creditor claims for which the securities were exchanged. While the FDIC has issued regulations to implement OLA, not all aspects of how the FDIC might exercise this authority are
known and additional rulemaking is likely.    In addition, certain jurisdictions, including the U.K. and the E.U., have implemented, or are
considering, changes to resolution regimes to provide resolution authorities with the ability to recapitalize a failing entity by writing down its unsecured debt or converting its unsecured debt into equity. Such “bail-in” powers are
intended to enable the recapitalization of a failing institution by allocating losses to its shareholders and unsecured debtholders. U.S. and non-U.S. regulators are also considering requirements that certain subsidiaries of large financial
institutions maintain minimum amounts of total loss-absorbing capacity that would pass losses up from the subsidiaries to the top-tier holding company and, ultimately, to security holders of the top-tier holding company in the event of failure.  
 The application of Group Inc.’s proposed resolution strategy could result in greater losses for Group Inc.’s security holders, and
failure to address shortcomings in our resolution plan could subject us to increased regulatory requirements.    In our resolution
plan, Group Inc. would be resolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The strategy described in our resolution plan is a variant of the single point of entry strategy: Group Inc. would recapitalize and provide liquidity to certain major subsidiaries,
including through the forgiveness of intercompany indebtedness, the extension of the maturities of intercompany indebtedness and the extension of additional intercompany loans. If this strategy were successful, creditors of some or all of Group
Inc.’s major subsidiaries would receive full recoveries on their claims, while Group Inc.’s security holders could face significant losses.
 
  In that case, Group Inc.’s security holders could face losses while the third-party
creditors of Group Inc.’s major subsidiaries would incur no losses because those subsidiaries would continue to operate and not enter resolution or bankruptcy proceedings. As part of the strategy, Group Inc. could also seek to elevate the
priority of its guarantee obligations relating to its major subsidiaries’ derivatives contracts so that cross-default and early termination rights would be stayed under the ISDA Protocol, which would result in holders of Group Inc.’s
eligible long-term debt and holders of Group Inc.’s other debt securities incurring losses ahead of the beneficiaries of those guarantee obligations.  
 It is also possible that holders of Group Inc.’s eligible long-term debt and other debt securities could incur losses ahead of other
similarly situated creditors. If Group Inc.’s proposed resolution strategy were not successful, Group Inc.’s financial condition would be adversely impacted and Group Inc.’s security holders, including debtholders, may as a
consequence be in a worse position than if the strategy had not been implemented. In all cases, any payments to debtholders are dependent on our ability to make such payments and are therefore subject to our credit risk.  
 In April 2016, the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC provided feedback on the 2015 resolution plans of eight systemically important
domestic banking institutions and provided guidance related to the 2017 resolution plan submissions. While our plan was not jointly found to be deficient (i.e., non-credible or to not facilitate an orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code),
the FDIC identified certain deficiencies and both the FDIC and Federal Reserve Board also identified certain shortcomings. In response to the feedback received, in September 2016, we submitted a status report on our actions to address these
shortcomings and a separate public section that explains these actions at a high level, which is available on our website as described under “Available Information” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K.  
 Our 2017 resolution plan, which is due by July 1, 2017, is also required to address the shortcomings and take into account the
additional guidance. If it is determined that Group Inc. did not effectively address the shortcomings and additional guidance, the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC could, after any permitted resubmission, find our resolution plan not credible and
require us to hold more capital, change our business structure or dispose of businesses, which could have a negative impact on our ability to return capital to shareholders, financial condition, results of operations or competitive position.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 37 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  As a result of our recovery and resolution planning processes, including incorporating feedback
from our regulators, we may incur increased operational, funding or other costs and face limitations on our ability to structure our internal organization or engage in internal or external activities in a manner that we may otherwise deem most
operationally efficient.    Our businesses, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or
defaults by, third parties who owe us money, securities or other assets or whose securities or obligations we hold.    We are exposed
to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets will not perform their obligations. These parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. A
failure of a significant market participant, or even concerns about a default by such an institution, could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, which in turn could adversely affect us.  
 We are also subject to the risk that our rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all circumstances. In addition, deterioration
in the credit quality of third parties whose securities or obligations we hold, including a deterioration in the value of collateral posted by third parties to secure their obligations to us under derivatives contracts and loan agreements, could
result in losses and/or adversely affect our ability to rehypothecate or otherwise use those securities or obligations for liquidity purposes.  
 A significant downgrade in the credit ratings of our counterparties could also have a negative impact on our results. While in many cases we
are permitted to require additional collateral from counterparties that experience financial difficulty, disputes may arise as to the amount of collateral we are entitled to receive and the value of pledged assets. The termination of contracts and
the foreclosure on collateral may subject us to claims for the improper exercise of our rights. Default rates, downgrades and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral increase significantly in times of market stress and
illiquidity.    As part of our clearing and prime brokerage activities, we finance our clients’ positions, and we could be held
responsible for the defaults or misconduct of our clients. Although we regularly review credit exposures to specific clients and counterparties and to specific industries, countries and regions that we believe may present credit concerns, default
risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect or foresee.
 
  Concentration of risk increases the potential for significant losses in our market-making,
underwriting, investing and lending activities.    Concentration of risk increases the potential for significant losses in our
market-making, underwriting, investing and lending activities. The number and size of such transactions may affect our results of operations in a given period. Moreover, because of concentration of risk, we may suffer losses even when economic and
market conditions are generally favorable for our competitors. Disruptions in the credit markets can make it difficult to hedge these credit exposures effectively or economically. In addition, we extend large commitments as part of our credit
origination activities.    Rules adopted under the Dodd-Frank Act require issuers of asset-backed securities and any person who organizes and
initiates an asset-backed securities transaction to retain economic exposure to the asset, which is likely to significantly increase the cost to us of engaging in securitization activities. Our inability to reduce our credit risk by selling,
syndicating or securitizing these positions, including during periods of market stress, could negatively affect our results of operations due to a decrease in the fair value of the positions, including due to the insolvency or bankruptcy of the
borrower, as well as the loss of revenues associated with selling such securities or loans.    In the ordinary course of business, we may be
subject to a concentration of credit risk to a particular counterparty, borrower, issuer, including sovereign issuers, or geographic area or group of related countries, such as the E.U., and a failure or downgrade of, or default by, such entity
could negatively impact our businesses, perhaps materially, and the systems by which we set limits and monitor the level of our credit exposure to individual entities, industries and countries may not function as we have anticipated. Provisions of
the Dodd-Frank Act have led to increased centralization of trading activity through particular clearing houses, central agents or exchanges, which has significantly increased our concentration of risk with respect to these entities. While our
activities expose us to many different industries, counterparties and countries, we routinely execute a high volume of transactions with counterparties engaged in financial services activities, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks,
clearing houses, exchanges and investment funds. This has resulted in significant credit concentration with respect to these counterparties.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 38 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  The financial services industry is both highly competitive and interrelated.  
 The financial services industry and all of our businesses are intensely competitive, and we expect them to remain so. We compete on the basis
of a number of factors, including transaction execution, our products and services, innovation, reputation, creditworthiness and price. There has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry. This
consolidation and convergence has hastened the globalization of the securities and other financial services markets.    As a result, we have
had to commit capital to support our international operations and to execute large global transactions. To the extent we expand into new business areas and new geographic regions, we will face competitors with more experience and more established
relationships with clients, regulators and industry participants in the relevant market, which could adversely affect our ability to expand. Governments and regulators have recently adopted regulations, imposed taxes, adopted compensation
restrictions or otherwise put forward various proposals that have or may impact our ability to conduct certain of our businesses in a cost-effective manner or at all in certain or all jurisdictions, including proposals relating to restrictions on
the type of activities in which financial institutions are permitted to engage. These or other similar rules, many of which do not apply to all our U.S. or non-U.S. competitors, could impact our ability to compete effectively.  
 Pricing and other competitive pressures in our businesses have continued to increase, particularly in situations where some of our competitors
may seek to increase market share by reducing prices. For example, in connection with investment banking and other assignments, we have experienced pressure to extend and price credit at levels that may not always fully compensate us for the risks
we take.    The financial services industry is highly interrelated in that a significant volume of transactions occur among a limited number
of members of that industry. Many transactions are syndicated to other financial institutions and financial institutions are often counterparties in transactions. This has led to claims by other market participants and regulators that such
institutions have colluded in order to manipulate markets or market prices, including allegations that antitrust laws have been violated. While we have extensive procedures and controls that are designed to identify and prevent such activities,
allegations of such activities, particularly by regulators, can have a negative reputational impact and can subject us to large fines and settlements, and potentially significant penalties, including treble damages.
 
  We face enhanced risks as new business initiatives lead us to transact with a broader array of
clients and counterparties and expose us to new asset classes and new markets.    A number of our recent and planned business
initiatives and expansions of existing businesses may bring us into contact, directly or indirectly, with individuals and entities that are not within our traditional client and counterparty base and expose us to new asset classes and new markets.
For example, we continue to transact business and invest in new regions, including a wide range of emerging and growth markets. Furthermore, in a number of our businesses, including where we make markets, invest and lend, we directly or indirectly
own interests in, or otherwise become affiliated with the ownership and operation of public services, such as airports, toll roads and shipping ports, as well as physical commodities and commodities infrastructure components, both within and outside
the U.S.    We have recently increased and intend to further increase our consumer-oriented deposit-taking and lending activities. To the
extent we engage in such activities or similar consumer-oriented activities, we could face additional compliance, legal and regulatory risk, increased reputational risk and increased operational risk due to, among other things, higher transaction
volumes and significantly increased retention and transmission of customer and client information.    New business initiatives expose us to
new and enhanced risks, including risks associated with dealing with governmental entities, reputational concerns arising from dealing with less sophisticated clients, counterparties and investors, greater regulatory scrutiny of these activities,
increased credit-related, market, sovereign and operational risks, risks arising from accidents or acts of terrorism, and reputational concerns with the manner in which these assets are being operated or held or in which we interact with these
counterparties.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 39 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Derivative transactions and delayed settlements may expose us to unexpected risk and potential
losses.    We are party to a large number of derivative transactions, including credit derivatives. Many of these derivative
instruments are individually negotiated and non-standardized, which can make exiting, transferring or settling positions difficult. Many credit derivatives require that we deliver to the counterparty the underlying security, loan or other obligation
in order to receive payment. In a number of cases, we do not hold the underlying security, loan or other obligation and may not be able to obtain the underlying security, loan or other obligation. This could cause us to forfeit the payments due to
us under these contracts or result in settlement delays with the attendant credit and operational risk as well as increased costs to the firm.  
 Derivative transactions may also involve the risk that documentation has not been properly executed, that executed agreements may not be
enforceable against the counterparty, or that obligations under such agreements may not be able to be “netted” against other obligations with such counterparty. In addition, counterparties may claim that such transactions were not
appropriate or authorized.    As a signatory to the ISDA Protocol, we may not be able to exercise remedies against counterparties and, as
this new regime has not yet been tested, we may suffer risks or losses that we would not have expected to suffer if we could immediately close out transactions upon a termination event. Various U.S. and non-U.S. regulators have proposed or adopted
implementing regulations contemplated by the ISDA Protocol, and those implementing regulations may result in additional limitations on our ability to exercise remedies against counterparties. The ISDA Protocol’s impact will depend on, among
other things, how it is implemented and the development of market practice and structures under the implementing regulations.    Derivative
contracts and other transactions, including secondary bank loan purchases and sales, entered into with third parties are not always confirmed by the counterparties or settled on a timely basis. While the transaction remains unconfirmed or during any
delay in settlement, we are subject to heightened credit and operational risk and in the event of a default may find it more difficult to enforce our rights.
 
  In addition, as new complex derivative products are created, covering a wider array of
underlying credit and other instruments, disputes about the terms of the underlying contracts could arise, which could impair our ability to effectively manage our risk exposures from these products and subject us to increased costs. The provisions
of the Dodd-Frank Act requiring central clearing of credit derivatives and other OTC derivatives, or a market shift toward standardized derivatives, could reduce the risk associated with such transactions, but under certain circumstances could also
limit our ability to develop derivatives that best suit the needs of our clients and to hedge our own risks, and could adversely affect our profitability and increase our credit exposure to such platform.  
 Our businesses may be adversely affected if we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees.  
 Our performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled people; therefore, our continued ability to compete
effectively in our businesses, to manage our businesses effectively and to expand into new businesses and geographic areas depends on our ability to attract new talented and diverse employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees.
Factors that affect our ability to attract and retain such employees include our compensation and benefits, and our reputation as a successful business with a culture of fairly hiring, training and promoting qualified employees. As a significant
portion of the compensation that we pay to our employees is in the form of year-end discretionary compensation, a significant portion of which is in the form of deferred equity-related awards, declines in our profitability, or in the outlook for our
future profitability, as well as regulatory limitations on compensation levels and terms, can negatively impact our ability to hire and retain highly qualified employees.  
 Competition from within the financial services industry and from businesses outside the financial services industry for qualified employees has
often been intense. Recently, we have experienced increased competition in hiring and retaining employees to address the demands of new regulatory requirements. This is also the case in emerging and growth markets, where we are often competing for
qualified employees with entities that have a significantly greater presence or more extensive experience in the region.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 40 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Changes in law or regulation in jurisdictions in which our operations are located that affect
taxes on our employees’ income, or the amount or composition of compensation, may also adversely affect our ability to hire and retain qualified employees in those jurisdictions.  
 As described further in “Business — Regulation —Compensation Practices” in Part I, Item 1 of this  Form 10-K,  our compensation practices are subject to review by, and the standards of, the Federal Reserve Board. As a large global financial and banking institution, we are subject to limitations on
compensation practices (which may or may not affect our competitors) by the Federal Reserve Board, the PRA, the FCA, the FDIC and other regulators worldwide. These limitations, including any imposed by or as a result of future legislation or
regulation, may require us to alter our compensation practices in ways that could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain talented employees.  
 We may be adversely affected by increased governmental and regulatory scrutiny or negative publicity.  
 Governmental scrutiny from regulators, legislative bodies and law enforcement agencies with respect to matters relating to compensation, our
business practices, our past actions and other matters has increased dramatically in the past several years. The financial crisis and the current political and public sentiment regarding financial institutions has resulted in a significant amount of
adverse press coverage, as well as adverse statements or charges by regulators or other government officials. Press coverage and other public statements that assert some form of wrongdoing (including, in some cases, press coverage and public
statements that do not directly involve us) often result in some type of investigation by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in lawsuits.  
 Responding to these investigations and lawsuits, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the proceeding, is time-consuming and expensive and can
divert the time and effort of our senior management from our business. Penalties and fines sought by regulatory authorities have increased substantially over the last several years, and certain regulators have been more likely in recent years to
commence enforcement actions or to advance or support legislation targeted at the financial services industry. Adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny and legal and enforcement proceedings can also have a negative impact on our reputation and on
the morale and performance of our employees, which could adversely affect our businesses and results of operations.
 
  Substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against us could have material adverse
financial effects or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects.    We face
significant legal risks in our businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions remain high. See Note 27 to the consolidated financial
statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information about certain legal and regulatory proceedings and investigations in which we are involved and Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II,
Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information regarding certain mortgage-related contingencies. Our experience has been that legal claims by customers and clients increase in a market downturn and that employment-related claims increase
following periods in which we have reduced our staff. Additionally, governmental entities have been and are plaintiffs in certain of the legal proceedings in which we are involved, and we may face future actions or claims by the same or other
governmental entities, as well as follow-on civil litigation that is often commenced after regulatory settlements.    Recently, significant
settlements by several large financial institutions, including, in some cases, us, with governmental entities have been publicly announced. The trend of large settlements with governmental entities may adversely affect the outcomes for other
financial institutions in similar actions, especially where governmental officials have announced that the large settlements will be used as the basis or a template for other settlements. The uncertain regulatory enforcement environment makes it
difficult to estimate probable losses, which can lead to substantial disparities between legal reserves and subsequent actual settlements or penalties.  
 Certain enforcement authorities have recently required admissions of wrongdoing, and, in some cases, criminal pleas, as part of the resolutions
of matters brought by them against financial institutions. Any such resolution of a matter involving the firm could lead to increased exposure to civil litigation, could adversely affect our reputation, could result in penalties or limitations on
our ability to do business in certain jurisdictions and could have other negative effects.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 41 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  In addition, the U.S. Department of Justice has announced a policy of requiring companies to
provide investigators with all relevant facts relating to the individuals responsible for the alleged misconduct in order to qualify for any cooperation credit in civil and criminal investigations of corporate wrongdoing, which may result in our
incurring increased fines and penalties if the Department of Justice determines that we have not provided sufficient information about applicable individuals in connection with an investigation, as well as increased costs in responding to Department
of Justice investigations. It is possible that other governmental authorities will adopt similar policies.    The growth of electronic trading
and the introduction of new trading technology may adversely affect our business and may increase competition.    Technology is
fundamental to our business and our industry. The growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new technologies is changing our businesses and presenting us with new challenges. Securities, futures and options transactions are increasingly
occurring electronically, both on our own systems and through other alternative trading systems, and it appears that the trend toward alternative trading systems will continue. Some of these alternative trading systems compete with us, particularly
our exchange-based market-making activities, and we may experience continued competitive pressures in these and other areas. In addition, the increased use by our clients of low-cost electronic trading systems and direct electronic access to trading
markets could cause a reduction in commissions and spreads. As our clients increasingly use our systems to trade directly in the markets, we may incur liabilities as a result of their use of our order routing and execution infrastructure. We have
invested significant resources into the development of electronic trading systems and expect to continue to do so, but there is no assurance that the revenues generated by these systems will yield an adequate return on our investment, particularly
given the generally lower commissions arising from electronic trades.
 
  Our commodities activities, particularly our physical commodities activities, subject us to
extensive regulation and involve certain potential risks, including environmental, reputational and other risks that may expose us to significant liabilities and costs.  
 As part of our commodities business, we purchase and sell certain physical commodities, arrange for their storage and transport, and engage in
market making of commodities. The commodities involved in these activities may include crude oil, oil refined products, natural gas, liquefied natural gas, electric power, agricultural products, metals (base and precious), minerals (including
unenriched uranium), emission credits, coal, freight and related products and indices.    In our investing and lending businesses, we make
investments in and finance entities that engage in the production, storage and transportation of numerous commodities, including many of the commodities referenced above.  
 These activities subject us and/or the entities in which we invest to extensive and evolving federal, state and local energy, environmental,
antitrust and other governmental laws and regulations worldwide, including environmental laws and regulations relating to, among others, air quality, water quality, waste management, transportation of hazardous substances, natural resources, site
remediation and health and safety. Additionally, rising climate change concerns may lead to additional regulation that could increase the operating costs and profitability of our investments.  
 There may be substantial costs in complying with current or future laws and regulations relating to our commodities-related activities and
investments. Compliance with these laws and regulations could require significant commitments of capital toward environmental monitoring, renovation of storage facilities or transport vessels, payment of emission fees and carbon or other taxes, and
application for, and holding of, permits and licenses.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 42 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Commodities involved in our intermediation activities and investments are also subject to the
risk of unforeseen or catastrophic events, which are likely to be outside of our control, including those arising from the breakdown or failure of transport vessels, storage facilities or other equipment or processes or other mechanical
malfunctions, fires, leaks, spills or release of hazardous substances, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, terrorist attacks, extreme weather events or other natural disasters or other hostile or catastrophic events. In
addition, we rely on third-party suppliers or service providers to perform their contractual obligations and any failure on their part, including the failure to obtain raw materials at reasonable prices or to safely transport or store commodities,
could expose us to costs or losses. Also, while we seek to insure against potential risks, we may not be able to obtain insurance to cover some of these risks and the insurance that we have may be inadequate to cover our losses.  
 The occurrence of any of such events may prevent us from performing under our agreements with clients, may impair our operations or financial
results and may result in litigation, regulatory action, negative publicity or other reputational harm.    We may also be required to divest
or discontinue certain of these activities for regulatory or legal reasons. For example, the Federal Reserve Board recently proposed regulations that could impose significant additional capital requirements on certain commodity-related activities.
If that occurs, we may receive a value that is less than the then carrying value, as we may be unable to exit these activities in an orderly transaction.
 
  In conducting our businesses around the world, we are subject to political, economic, legal,
operational and other risks that are inherent in operating in many countries.    In conducting our businesses and maintaining and
supporting our global operations, we are subject to risks of possible nationalization, expropriation, price controls, capital controls, exchange controls and other restrictive governmental actions, as well as the outbreak of hostilities or acts of
terrorism. For example, there has been significant conflict between Russia and Ukraine in recent years, and sanctions have been imposed by the U.S. and the E.U. on certain individuals and companies in Russia. In many countries, the laws and
regulations applicable to the securities and financial services industries and many of the transactions in which we are involved are uncertain and evolving, and it may be difficult for us to determine the exact requirements of local laws in every
market. Any determination by local regulators that we have not acted in compliance with the application of local laws in a particular market or our failure to develop effective working relationships with local regulators could have a significant and
negative effect not only on our businesses in that market but also on our reputation generally. Further, in some jurisdictions a failure to comply with laws and regulations may subject the firm and its personnel not only to civil actions but also
criminal actions. We are also subject to the enhanced risk that transactions we structure might not be legally enforceable in all cases.  
 In June 2016, a referendum was passed for the U.K. to exit the E.U. (Brexit). The exit of the U.K. from the E.U. will likely change the
arrangements by which U.K. firms are able to provide services into the E.U., which may materially adversely affect the manner in which we operate certain of our businesses in Europe and could require us to restructure certain of our operations. The
outcome of the negotiations between the U.K. and the E.U. in connection with Brexit is highly uncertain. Such uncertainty has resulted in, and may continue to result in, market volatility and may negatively impact the confidence of investors and
clients.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 43 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  Our businesses and operations are increasingly expanding throughout the world, including in
emerging and growth markets, and we expect this trend to continue. Various emerging and growth market countries have experienced severe economic and financial disruptions, including significant devaluations of their currencies, defaults or
threatened defaults on sovereign debt, capital and currency exchange controls, and low or negative growth rates in their economies, as well as military activity, civil unrest or acts of terrorism. The possible effects of any of these conditions
include an adverse impact on our businesses and increased volatility in financial markets generally.    While business and other practices
throughout the world differ, our principal legal entities are subject in their operations worldwide to rules and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments, hiring practices and money laundering, as well as laws relating to doing business
with certain individuals, groups and countries, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the USA PATRIOT Act and U.K. Bribery Act. While we have invested and continue to invest significant resources in training and in compliance monitoring,
the geographical diversity of our operations, employees, clients and customers, as well as the vendors and other third parties that we deal with, greatly increases the risk that we may be found in violation of such rules or regulations and any such
violation could subject us to significant penalties or adversely affect our reputation.    In addition, there have been a number of highly
publicized cases around the world, involving actual or alleged fraud or other misconduct by employees in the financial services industry in recent years, and we run the risk that employee misconduct could occur. This misconduct has included and may
include in the future the theft of proprietary information, including proprietary software. It is not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity have not been and may not
be effective in all cases.    We may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic,
terrorist attacks, extreme weather events or other natural disasters.    The occurrence of unforeseen or catastrophic events,
including the emergence of a pandemic, such as the Ebola or Zika viruses, or other widespread health emergency (or concerns over the possibility of such an emergency), terrorist attacks, extreme terrestrial or solar weather events or other natural
disasters, could create economic and financial disruptions, and could lead to operational difficulties (including travel limitations) that could impair our ability to manage our businesses.
 
  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments   
 There are no material unresolved written comments that were received from the SEC staff 180 days or more before the end of our fiscal year
relating to our periodic or current reports under the Exchange Act.    Item 2. Properties   
 Our principal executive offices are located at 200 West Street, New York, New York and comprise approximately 2.1 million square feet. The
building is located on a parcel leased from Battery Park City Authority pursuant to a ground lease. Under the lease, Battery Park City Authority holds title to all improvements, including the office building, subject to Goldman Sachs’ right of
exclusive possession and use until June 2069, the expiration date of the lease. Under the terms of the ground lease, we made a lump sum ground rent payment in June 2007 of $161 million for rent through the term of the lease. We have
offices at 30 Hudson Street in Jersey City, New Jersey, which we own and which include approximately 1.6 million square feet of office space. We have additional offices and commercial space in the U.S. and elsewhere in the Americas, which
together comprise approximately 2.6 million square feet of leased and owned space.    In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, we have
offices that total approximately 1.6 million square feet of leased and owned space. Our European headquarters is located in London at Peterborough Court, pursuant to a lease that we can terminate in 2021. In total, we have offices with
approximately 1.2 million square feet in London, relating to various properties. We are currently constructing a 1.1 million square foot office in London. We expect initial occupancy during 2019.  
 In Asia, Australia and New Zealand, we have offices with approximately 1.9 million square feet. Our headquarters in this region are in
Tokyo, at the Roppongi Hills Mori Tower, and in Hong Kong, at the Cheung Kong Center. In Japan, we currently have offices with approximately 219,000 square feet, the majority of which have leases that will expire in 2018. In Hong Kong, we currently
have offices with approximately 315,000 square feet, the majority of which have leases that will expire in 2023.    In the preceding
paragraphs, square footage figures are provided only for properties that are used in the operation of our businesses.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 44 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations — Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations — Contractual Obligations” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for information about exit costs we may incur in the future to the extent
we (i) reduce our space capacity or (ii) commit to, or occupy, new properties in the locations in which we operate and, consequently, dispose of existing space that had been held for potential growth.  
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings  
 We are involved in a number of judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of
our businesses. Many of these proceedings are in early stages, and many of these cases seek an indeterminate amount of damages. However, we believe, based on currently available information, that the results of such proceedings, in the aggregate,
will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, but may be material to our operating results for any particular period, depending, in part, upon the operating results for such period. Given the range of litigation and
investigations presently under way, our litigation expenses can be expected to remain high. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Use of Estimates” in Part II,
Item 7 of this Form 10-K. See Notes 18 and 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information about certain judicial, regulatory and legal proceedings.  
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
 Not applicable.
 
  Executive Officers of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.  
 Set forth below are the name, age, present title, principal occupation and certain biographical information for our executive officers. Our
executive officers have been appointed by and serve at the pleasure of our board of directors.    Lloyd C. Blankfein, 62  
 Mr. Blankfein has been our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since June 2006, and a director since April 2003.  
 Alan M. Cohen, 66    Mr. Cohen has been an
Executive Vice President of Goldman Sachs and Global Head of Compliance since February 2004.    Edith W. Cooper, 55  
 Ms. Cooper has been an Executive Vice President of Goldman Sachs since April 2011 and Global Head of Human Capital Management since
March 2008.    Richard J. Gnodde, 56  
 Mr. Gnodde has been a Vice Chairman of Goldman Sachs since January 2017, Chief Executive Officer or co-Chief Executive Officer of
Goldman Sachs International since 2006 and co-head of the Investment Banking Division since 2011.    Gregory K. Palm, 68  
 Mr. Palm has been an Executive Vice President of Goldman Sachs since May 1999, and General Counsel and head or co-head of the Legal
Department since May 1992.    John F.W. Rogers, 60  
 Mr. Rogers has been an Executive Vice President of Goldman Sachs since April 2011 and Chief of Staff and Secretary to the Board of
Directors of Goldman Sachs since December 2001.    Pablo J. Salame, 51  
 Mr. Salame has been a Vice Chairman of Goldman Sachs since January 2017 and global co-head of the Securities Division since 2008.
   Harvey M. Schwartz, 52    Mr. Schwartz has
been President and co-Chief Operating Officer of Goldman Sachs since January 2017. Additionally, he will continue in his role as Chief Financial Officer (which he assumed in January 2013) through April 2017. From February 2008 to
January 2013, Mr. Schwartz was global co-head of the Securities Division.    David M. Solomon, 55  
 Mr. Solomon has been President and co-Chief Operating Officer of Goldman Sachs since January 2017. He had previously served as
co-head of the Investment Banking Division since July 2006.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 45 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
  PA RT II  
   
  Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities    The principal market on which our common stock is traded is the NYSE.
Information relating to the high and low sales prices per share of our common stock, as reported by the Consolidated Tape Association, for each full quarterly period during 2014, 2015 and 2016 is set forth under the heading “Supplemental
Financial Information — Common Stock Price Range” in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. As of February 10, 2017, there were 8,177 holders of record of our common stock.  
 The table below presents dividends declared by Group Inc. during 2016 and 2015.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   
   
   
 Date of Declaration 
    
    
     
 Dividend Declared Per Common Share 
       
 
   2016 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   First Quarter 
   
   
 January 19, 2016 
    
    
   
 $0.65 
    
 
   
   
 
   Second Quarter 
   
   
 April 18, 2016 
    
    
   
 $0.65 
    
 
   
   
 
   Third Quarter 
   
   
 July 18, 2016 
    
    
   
 $0.65 
    
 
   
   
 
   Fourth Quarter 
   
   
 October 17, 2016 
    
    
   
 $0.65 
    
 
   2015 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   First Quarter 
   
   
 January 15, 2015 
    
    
   
 $0.60 
    
 
   
   
 
   Second Quarter 
   
   
 April 15, 2015 
    
    
   
 $0.65 
    
 
   
   
 
   Third Quarter 
   
   
 July 15, 2015 
    
    
   
 $0.65 
    
 
   
   
 
   Fourth Quarter 
   
   
 October 14, 2015 
    
    
   
 $0.65 
    
   The declaration of dividends by Group Inc. is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors of Group Inc.
(Board). Our Board will take into account such matters as general business conditions, our financial results, capital requirements, contractual, legal and regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by us to our shareholders or by our
subsidiaries to us, the effect on our debt ratings and such other factors as our Board may deem relevant. The holders of our common stock share proportionately on a per share basis in all dividends and other distributions on common stock declared by
our Board. See “Business — Regulation” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K for information about potential regulatory limitations on our receipt of funds from our regulated subsidiaries and our payment of dividends
to shareholders of Group Inc. Prior to the payment of dividends, we must receive confirmation that the Federal Reserve Board does not object to such payment.
 
  The table below presents purchases made by or on behalf of Group Inc. or any “affiliated
purchaser” (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act), of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2016. Information relating to compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance is
presented in Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   
   
       
 Total Shares Purchased 
          
    
         
 Average Price Paid Per Share 
             
    
                 
 Total Shares Purchased as Part of   a
Publicly Announced Program 
             
          
    
               
 Maximum Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program 
                      
 
   October 2016 
   
   
 2,650,628 
    
    
   
 $172.13 
    
    
   
 2,650,628 
    
    
   
 31,545,097 
    
 
   
   
 
   November 2016 
   
   
 3,164,013 
    
    
   
 $198.20 
    
    
   
 3,164,013 
    
    
   
 28,381,084 
    
 
   
   
 
   December 2016 
   
   
 1,768,622 
    
    
   
 $235.57 
    
    
   
 1,768,622 
    
    
   
 26,612,462 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 7,583,263 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
 7,583,263 
    
    
   
   
   
   Since March 2000, our Board has approved a repurchase program authorizing repurchases of up to
505 million shares of our common stock. The repurchase program is effected primarily through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1), the amounts and timing of which are
determined primarily by our current and projected capital position, but which may also be influenced by general market conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of our common stock. The repurchase program has no set expiration or
termination date. Prior to repurchasing common stock, we must receive confirmation that the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System does not object to such capital actions.  
 Item 6. Sel ected Financial Data  
 The Selected Financial Data table is set forth under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 46 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 
   
 
    
 
   Introduction  
   
  The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (Group Inc. or parent company), a Delaware corporation, together
with its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the firm), is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that
includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world.  
 We report our activities in four business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending and
Investment Management. See “Results of Operations” below for further information about our business segments.    When we use the
terms “Goldman Sachs,” “the firm,” “we,” “us” and “our,” we mean Group Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.  
 References to “this Form 10-K” are to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016.
References to “the 2015 Form 10-K” are to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. All references to “the consolidated financial statements” or “Supplemental Financial
Information” are to Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. All references to 2016, 2015 and 2014 refer to our years ended, or the dates, as the context requires, December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and
December 31, 2014, respectively. Any reference to a future year refers to a year ending on December 31 of that year. Certain reclassifications have been made to previously reported amounts to conform to the current presentation.
 
  In this discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations, we have
included information that may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but
instead represent only our beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control. These statements include statements other than historical information or statements of current condition
and may relate to our future plans and objectives and results, among other things, and may also include statements about the effect of changes to the capital, leverage, liquidity, long-term debt and total loss-absorbing capacity rules applicable to
banks and bank holding companies, the impact of the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act) on our businesses and operations, and various legal proceedings, governmental investigations or mortgage-related
contingencies as set forth in Notes 27 and 18, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements, as well as statements about the results of our Dodd-Frank Act and firm stress tests, statements about the objectives and effectiveness of our
business continuity plan, information security program, risk management and liquidity policies, statements about our resolution plan and resolution strategy and their implications for our debtholders and other stakeholders, statements about trends
in or growth opportunities for our businesses, statements about our future status, activities or reporting under U.S. or non-U.S. banking and financial regulation, statements about the possible effects of the U.K. referendum vote to leave the
European Union (E.U.), and statements about our investment banking transaction backlog.    By identifying these statements for you in this
manner, we are alerting you to the possibility that our actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these forward-looking statements. Important factors
that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ from those indicated in these forward-looking statements include, among others, those described in “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K and
“Cautionary Statement Pursuant to the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 47 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
  Executive Overview  
   
  2016 versus 2015.  We generated net earnings of $7.40 billion and diluted earnings per common share of $16.29 for 2016, an increase of 22% and 34%, respectively, compared with $6.08 billion and $12.14 per share for 2015.
Return on average common shareholders’ equity (ROE) was 9.4% for 2016, compared with 7.4% for 2015. Book value per common share was $182.47 as of December 2016, 6.7% higher compared with the end of 2015.  
 Net revenues were $30.61 billion for 2016, 9% lower than 2015, due to significantly lower net revenues in Investing & Lending and
lower net revenues in Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services and Investment Management. These results reflected the impact of a challenging operating environment during the first half of the year, particularly during the first quarter,
although the environment improved during the second half of the year.    Operating expenses were $20.30 billion for 2016, 19% lower
than 2015, primarily due to significantly lower non-compensation expenses, primarily reflecting significantly lower net provisions for mortgage-related litigation and regulatory matters, as the prior year included provisions for the settlement
agreement with the Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities Working Group of the U.S. Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force (RMBS Working Group), as well as lower market development expenses and professional fees, reflecting expense savings
initiatives. Compensation and benefits expenses were also lower, reflecting a decrease in net revenues and the impact of expense savings initiatives.  
 We continued to maintain strong capital ratios and liquidity, while returning $7.20 billion of capital to shareholders during 2016. During
the year, we repurchased 36.6 million shares of our common stock for a total cost of $6.07 billion and paid common stock dividends of $1.13 billion. Our Common Equity Tier 1 ratio as calculated in accordance with the Standardized
approach and the Basel III Advanced approach, in each case reflecting the applicable transitional provisions, was 14.5% and 13.1%, respectively, and our global core liquid assets were $226 billion, all as of December 2016. See
Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our capital ratios. See “Risk Management — Liquidity Risk Management” below for further information about our global core liquid assets.
 
  In the context of the challenging environment during the first half of 2016, we completed an
initiative that identified areas where we can operate more efficiently, resulting in a reduction of approximately $900 million in annual run rate compensation. For 2016, net savings from this initiative, after severance and other related costs,
were approximately $500 million.    2015 versus 2014.  We generated net earnings of $6.08 billion and diluted earnings per common share of $12.14 for 2015, a decrease of 28% and 29%, respectively, compared with $8.48 billion and $17.07 per share for 2014.
ROE was 7.4% for 2015, compared with 11.2% for 2014. During 2015, we recorded provisions for the settlement agreement with the RMBS Working Group of $3.37 billion ($2.99 billion after-tax), which reduced diluted earnings per common share
by $6.53 and ROE by 3.8 percentage points. See Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of the 2015  Form 10-K  for further information.  
 Book value per common share was $171.03 as of December 2015, 4.9% higher compared with the end of 2014. During 2015, we repurchased
22.1 million shares of our common stock for a total cost of $4.20 billion.    Net revenues were $33.82 billion for 2015, 2%
lower than 2014, as significantly lower net revenues in Investing & Lending were largely offset by higher net revenues in Investment Banking and slightly higher net revenues in Investment Management. Net revenues in Institutional Client
Services were essentially unchanged compared with 2014.    Operating expenses were $25.04 billion for 2015, 13% higher than 2014, due to
significantly higher non-compensation expenses, primarily reflecting significantly higher net provisions for mortgage-related litigation and regulatory matters. Compensation and benefits expenses were essentially unchanged compared with the prior
year.    As of December 2015, our Common Equity Tier 1 ratio as calculated in accordance with the Standardized approach and the
Basel III Advanced approach, in each case reflecting the applicable transitional provisions, was 13.6% and 12.4%, respectively. In addition, our global core liquid assets were $199 billion as of December 2015.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 48 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
  Business Environment  
   
  Global  
 During 2016, real gross domestic product (GDP) growth appeared to slow in advanced economies and appeared mixed in emerging market economies
compared with 2015. In advanced economies, growth was lower in the U.S., the Euro area, the U.K. and Japan. In emerging markets, growth slowed in China and appeared to slow in India, while real GDP appeared to contract less in Brazil and Russia than
in 2015. Monetary policy divergence continued in 2016, as the U.S. Federal Reserve increased its target interest rate again, while monetary policy remained accommodative in Europe and Japan. In June, a referendum was passed for the U.K. to exit the
E.U., and in November, the U.S. held its presidential election. The market reaction to the outcomes of both events was generally more positive than expectations. The price of crude oil (WTI) increased by 45% in 2016 and, in the fourth quarter, OPEC
members announced an agreement to reduce oil production. In investment banking, industry-wide mergers and acquisitions activity remained strong for 2016, but declined compared with the level of activity in 2015. Industry-wide volumes in equity
underwriting declined compared with a strong 2015, while industry-wide debt underwriting volumes increased compared with the prior year.    United States  
 In the U.S., real GDP increased by 1.6% in 2016, compared with an increase of 2.6% in 2015, as growth in total fixed investment and consumer
expenditures declined. Measures of consumer confidence were mixed on average compared with the prior year, but increased significantly in the fourth quarter. The unemployment rate declined to 4.7% at the end of 2016, and labor market indicators
suggest the U.S. economy is close to full employment. Housing starts, sales, and prices increased compared with 2015, while measures of inflation also increased. The U.S. Federal Reserve raised its target rate for the federal funds rate at the
December meeting to a range of 0.50% to 0.75%. The yield on the 10-year U.S. Treasury note increased by 18 basis points during 2016 to 2.45%. In equity markets, the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the S&P 500 Index and the NASDAQ
Composite Index increased by 13%, 10% and 8%, respectively, during 2016.
 
  Europe  
 In the Euro area, real GDP increased by 1.7% in 2016, compared with an increase of 1.9% in 2015. Growth in consumer spending declined, while
growth in fixed investment and government consumption increased. Measures of inflation remained subdued, prompting the European Central Bank (ECB) to announce multiple easing measures in the first quarter, cutting the deposit rate by 10 basis points
to (0.40)% and lowering the main refinancing operations rate by 5 basis points to 0.00%, as well as launching a new series of targeted longer-term refinancing operations, increasing the volume of monthly purchases of bonds, and adding investment
grade, non-financial corporate bonds to the list of bonds purchased under its asset purchase program. In December, the ECB announced an extension of its asset purchase program through at least the end of 2017, although the pace of purchases will be
lower. The Euro depreciated by 3% against the U.S. dollar. In the U.K., real GDP increased by 1.8% in 2016, compared with an increase of 2.2% in 2015. Following the passage of the U.K. referendum, the Bank of England announced a monetary easing
package comprised of a 25 basis points cut to the official bank rate, £70 billion of asset purchases, and a Term Funding Scheme. The British pound depreciated by 16% against the U.S. dollar during 2016, reaching its lowest level against
the U.S. dollar in over 30 years. Yields on 10-year government bonds in the region generally decreased during the year. In equity markets, the FTSE 100 Index, DAX Index, CAC 40 Index and Euro Stoxx 50 Index increased by 14%, 7%, 5% and 1%,
respectively, during 2016.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 49 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Asia  
 In Japan, real GDP increased by 1.0% in 2016, compared with an increase of 1.2% in 2015. In 2016, the Bank of Japan introduced a negative
interest rate policy during the first quarter and altered the framework for its Quantitative and Qualitative Easing program during the third quarter, shifting from purchasing set quantities of assets to targeting a 0% yield on 10-year Japanese
government bonds. The yield on 10-year Japanese government bonds declined into negative territory for most of the year, the U.S. dollar depreciated by 3% against the Japanese yen and the Nikkei 225 Index ended the year essentially unchanged. In
China, real GDP increased by 6.7% in 2016, compared with an increase of 6.9% in 2015. During 2016, the People’s Bank of China announced cuts to its reserve requirement ratio. Measures of inflation increased and the U.S. dollar appreciated by 7%
against the Chinese yuan. In equity markets, the Shanghai Composite Index decreased by 12% during 2016, while the Hang Seng Index ended the year essentially unchanged. In India, real GDP appeared to increase by 6.8% in 2016, compared with an
increase of 7.2% in 2015, and the rate of inflation was essentially unchanged from 2015. The U.S. dollar appreciated by 3% against the Indian rupee and the BSE Sensex Index increased by 2% during 2016.  
 Other Markets    In Brazil, real GDP appeared to
contract by 3.4% in 2016, compared with a contraction of 3.8% in 2015. The U.S. dollar depreciated by 18% against the Brazilian real and the Bovespa Index increased by 39%. In Russia, real GDP appeared to contract by 0.2% in 2016, compared with a
contraction of 2.8% in 2015. The U.S. dollar depreciated by 16% against the Russian ruble and the MICEX Index increased by 27% during 2016.
 
  Critical Accounting Policies  
 Fair Value    Fair
Value Hierarchy.  Financial instruments owned, at fair value and Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value (i.e., inventory), as well as certain other financial assets and
financial liabilities, are reflected in our consolidated statements of financial condition at fair value (i.e., marked-to-market), with related gains or losses generally recognized in our consolidated statements of earnings. The use of fair value to
measure financial instruments is fundamental to our risk management practices and is our most critical accounting policy.    The fair
value of a financial instrument is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We measure certain financial assets and financial
liabilities as a portfolio (i.e., based on its net exposure to market and/or credit risks). In determining fair value, the hierarchy under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) gives (i) the highest priority to
unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities (level 1 inputs), (ii) the next priority to inputs other than level 1 inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly (level 2
inputs), and (iii) the lowest priority to inputs that cannot be observed in market activity (level 3 inputs). In evaluating the significance of a valuation input, we consider, among other factors, a portfolio’s net risk exposure to
that input. Assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to their fair value measurement.  
 The fair values for substantially all of our financial assets and financial liabilities are based on observable prices and inputs and are
classified in levels 1 and 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Certain level 2 and level 3 financial assets and financial liabilities may require appropriate valuation adjustments that a market participant would require to arrive at fair
value for factors such as counterparty and our credit quality, funding risk, transfer restrictions, liquidity and bid/offer spreads.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 50 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Instruments categorized within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are those which require
one or more significant inputs that are not observable. As of December 2016 and December 2015, level 3 financial assets represented 2.7% and 2.8%, respectively, of our total assets. See Notes 5 through 8 to the consolidated
financial statements for further information about level 3 financial assets, including changes in level 3 financial assets and related fair value measurements. Absent evidence to the contrary, instruments classified within level 3 of
the fair value hierarchy are initially valued at transaction price, which is considered to be the best initial estimate of fair value. Subsequent to the transaction date, we use other methodologies to determine fair value, which vary based on the
type of instrument. Estimating the fair value of level 3 financial instruments requires judgments to be made. These judgments include:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Determining the appropriate valuation methodology and/or model for each type of level 3 financial
instrument;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Determining model inputs based on an evaluation of all relevant empirical market data, including prices
evidenced by market transactions, interest rates, credit spreads, volatilities and correlations; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   Determining appropriate valuation adjustments, including those related to illiquidity or counterparty credit
quality.    Regardless of the methodology, valuation inputs and assumptions are only changed when corroborated by
substantive evidence.    Controls Over Valuation of Financial Instruments.  Market makers and investment professionals in our revenue-producing units are responsible for pricing our financial instruments. Our control infrastructure is independent of the revenue-producing units and is
fundamental to ensuring that all of our financial instruments are appropriately valued at market-clearing levels. In the event that there is a difference of opinion in situations where estimating the fair value of financial instruments requires
judgment (e.g., calibration to market comparables or trade comparison, as described below), the final valuation decision is made by senior managers in control and support functions. This independent price verification is critical to ensuring that
our financial instruments are properly valued.  
  Price Verification.  All financial instruments at fair value in levels 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy are subject to our independent price verification process. The objective of price verification is to have an informed
and independent opinion with regard to the valuation of financial instruments under review. Instruments that have one or more significant inputs which cannot be corroborated by external market data are classified within level 3 of the fair
value hierarchy. Price verification strategies utilized by our independent control and support functions include:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Trade Comparison.  Analysis of trade data (both internal and
external where available) is used to determine the most relevant pricing inputs and valuations.      
 
 
 • 
   
   External Price Comparison.  Valuations and prices are compared to
pricing data obtained from third parties (e.g., brokers or dealers, Markit, Bloomberg, IDC, TRACE). Data obtained from various sources is compared to ensure consistency and validity. When broker or dealer quotations or third-party pricing vendors
are used for valuation or price verification, greater priority is generally given to executable quotations.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Calibration to Market Comparables.  Market-based transactions are
used to corroborate the valuation of positions with similar characteristics, risks and components.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Relative Value Analyses.  Market-based transactions are analyzed
to determine the similarity, measured in terms of risk, liquidity and return, of one instrument relative to another or, for a given instrument, of one maturity relative to another.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Collateral Analyses.  Margin calls on derivatives are analyzed to
determine implied values which are used to corroborate our valuations.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Execution of Trades.  Where appropriate, trading desks are
instructed to execute trades in order to provide evidence of market-clearing levels.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Backtesting.  Valuations are corroborated by comparison to values
realized upon sales.    See Notes 5 through 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about
fair value measurements.    Review of Net Revenues. 
Independent control and support functions ensure adherence to our pricing policy through a combination of daily procedures, including the explanation and attribution of net revenues based on the underlying factors. Through this process we
independently validate net revenues, identify and resolve potential fair value or trade booking issues on a timely basis and seek to ensure that risks are being properly categorized and quantified.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 51 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Review of Valuation Models.  Our independent model risk management group (Model Risk Management), consisting of quantitative professionals who are separate from model developers, performs an independent model review and validation process of
our valuation models. New or changed models are reviewed and approved prior to being put into use. Models are evaluated and re-approved annually to assess the impact of any changes in the product or market and any market developments in pricing
theories. See “Risk Management — Model Risk Management” for further information about the review and validation of our valuation models.  
 Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets    Goodwill.  Goodwill is the cost of acquired companies in excess of the fair value of net assets, including identifiable intangible assets, at the acquisition date.
Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that indicate an impairment may exist, by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than
not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the results of the qualitative assessment are not conclusive, a quantitative goodwill test is performed by comparing the estimated fair value of each reporting unit
with its estimated net book value.    During the fourth quarter of 2016, we assessed goodwill for impairment using a qualitative
assessment. The qualitative assessment required management to make judgments and to evaluate several factors, which included, but were not limited to, performance indicators, firm and industry events, macroeconomic indicators and fair value
indicators. Based on our evaluation of these factors, we determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each of the reporting units exceeded its respective carrying amount.  
 Notwithstanding the results of the qualitative assessment, since the 2015 quantitative goodwill test determined that the estimated fair value
of the Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution reporting unit was not substantially in excess of its carrying value, we also performed a quantitative test on this reporting unit during the fourth quarter of 2016. In the quantitative
test, the estimated fair value of the Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution reporting unit substantially exceeded its carrying value.  
 Therefore, we determined that goodwill for all reporting units was not impaired.
 
  Estimating the fair value of our reporting units requires management to make judgments. Critical
inputs to the fair value estimates include projected earnings and attributed equity. There is inherent uncertainty in the projected earnings. The net book value of each reporting unit reflects an allocation of total shareholders’ equity and
represents the estimated amount of total shareholders’ equity required to support the activities of the reporting unit under currently applicable regulatory capital requirements. See “Equity Capital Management and Regulatory Capital”
for further information about our capital requirements.    If we experience a prolonged or severe period of weakness in the business
environment or financial markets, or additional increases in capital requirements, our goodwill could be impaired in the future. In addition, significant changes to other inputs of the quantitative goodwill test could cause the estimated fair value
of our reporting units to decline, which could result in an impairment of goodwill in the future.    See Note 13 to the consolidated
financial statements for further information about our goodwill.    Identifiable Intangible
Assets.  We amortize our identifiable intangible assets over their estimated useful lives generally using the straight-line method. Identifiable intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset’s or asset group’s carrying value may not be fully recoverable.  
 A prolonged or severe period of market weakness, or significant changes in regulation, could adversely impact our businesses and impair the
value of our identifiable intangible assets. In addition, certain events could indicate a potential impairment of our identifiable intangible assets, including weaker business performance resulting in a decrease in our customer base and decreases in
revenues from customer contracts and relationships. Management judgment is required to evaluate whether indications of potential impairment have occurred, and to test intangible assets for impairment if required.  
 An impairment, generally calculated as the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of an asset or asset group, is
recognized if the total of the estimated undiscounted cash flows relating to the asset or asset group is less than the corresponding carrying value.  
 See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our identifiable intangible assets.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 52 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Recent Accounting Developments  
 See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for information about Recent Accounting Developments.  
 Use of Estimates    The
use of generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions. In addition to the estimates we make in connection with fair value measurements and the accounting for goodwill and identifiable
intangible assets, the use of estimates and assumptions is also important in determining provisions for losses that may arise from litigation, regulatory proceedings (including governmental investigations) and tax audits, and the allowance for
losses on loans and lending commitments held for investment.    We estimate and provide for potential losses that may arise out of litigation
and regulatory proceedings to the extent that such losses are probable and can be reasonably estimated. In addition, we estimate the upper end of the range of reasonably possible aggregate loss in excess of the related reserves for litigation and
regulatory proceedings where we believe the risk of loss is more than slight. See Notes 18 and 27 to the consolidated financial statements for information about certain judicial, litigation and regulatory proceedings.  
 Significant judgment is required in making these estimates and our final liabilities may ultimately be materially different. Our total
estimated liability in respect of litigation and regulatory proceedings is determined on a case-by-case basis and represents an estimate of probable losses after considering, among other factors, the progress of each case, proceeding or
investigation, our experience and the experience of others in similar cases, proceedings or investigations, and the opinions and views of legal counsel.  
 In accounting for income taxes, we recognize tax positions in the financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the position
will be sustained on examination by the relevant taxing authority based on the technical merits of the position. See Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about accounting for income taxes.  
 We also estimate and record an allowance for credit losses related to our loans receivable and lending commitments held for investment.
Management’s estimate of loan losses entails judgment about loan collectability at the reporting dates, and there are uncertainties inherent in those judgments. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information
about the allowance for losses on loans and lending commitments held for investment.
 
  Results of Operations  
 The composition of our net revenues has varied over time as financial markets and the scope of our operations have changed. The composition of
net revenues can also vary over the shorter term due to fluctuations in U.S. and global economic and market conditions. See “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for further information about the impact of
economic and market conditions on our results of operations.    Financial Overview  
 The table below presents an overview of our financial results and selected financial ratios.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions, except per share amounts 
   
   
 2016 
    
   
   
 2015 
    
   
   
 2014 
    
 
   Net revenues 
   
   
 $30,608 
    
   
   
 $33,820 
    
   
   
 $34,528 
    
 
   
   
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 10,304 
    
   
   
 8,778 
    
   
   
 12,357 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 7,398 
    
   
   
 6,083 
    
   
   
 8,477 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net earnings applicable to common shareholders 
   
   
 7,087 
    
   
   
 5,568 
    
   
   
 8,077 
    
 
   
   
 
   Diluted earnings per common share 
   
   
 16.29 
    
   
   
 12.14 
    
   
   
 17.07 
    
 
   
   
 
   Return on average common shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 9.4% 
    
   
   
 7.4% 
    
   
   
 11.2% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net earnings to average assets 
   
   
 0.8% 
    
   
   
 0.7% 
    
   
   
 0.9% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Return on average total shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 8.5% 
    
   
   
 7.0% 
    
   
   
 10.5% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Total average equity to average assets 
   
   
 9.8% 
    
   
   
 9.9% 
    
   
   
 9.0% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Dividend payout ratio 
   
   
 16.0% 
    
   
   
 21.0% 
    
   
   
 13.2% 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Net earnings applicable to common shareholders for 2016 includes a benefit of $266 million, reflected in
preferred stock dividends, related to the exchange of APEX for shares of Series E and Series F Preferred Stock during 2016. See Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   ROE is calculated by dividing net earnings applicable to common shareholders by average monthly common
shareholders’ equity. The table below presents our average common shareholders’ equity.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   Average for the 
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
   
   
 2015 
    
   
   
 2014 
    
 
   Total shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 $ 86,658 
    
   
   
 $ 86,314 
    
   
   
 $80,839 
    
 
   
   
 
   Preferred stock 
   
   
 (11,304 
 )  
   
   
 (10,585 
 )  
   
   
 (8,585 
 )  
 
   Common shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 $ 75,354 
    
   
   
 $ 75,729 
    
   
   
 $72,254 
    
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Return on average total shareholders’ equity is calculated by dividing net earnings by average monthly
total shareholders’ equity.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Dividend payout ratio is calculated by dividing dividends declared per common share by diluted earnings per
common share.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 53 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
  Net Revenues
 
  The table below presents our net revenues by line item in the consolidated statements of
earnings.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Investment banking 
   
   
 $  6,273 
    
    
   
 $  7,027 
    
    
   
 $  6,464 
    
 
   
   
 
   Investment management 
   
   
 5,407 
    
    
   
 5,868 
    
    
   
 5,748 
    
 
   
   
 
   Commissions and fees 
   
   
 3,208 
    
    
   
 3,320 
    
    
   
 3,316 
    
 
   
   
 
   Market making 
   
   
 9,933 
    
    
   
 9,523 
    
    
   
 8,365 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other principal transactions 
   
   
 3,200 
    
    
   
 5,018 
    
    
   
 6,588 
    
 
   Total non-interest revenues 
   
   
 28,021 
    
    
   
 30,756 
    
    
   
 30,481 
    
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 9,691 
    
    
   
 8,452 
    
    
   
 9,604 
    
 
   
   
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 7,104 
    
    
   
 5,388 
    
    
   
 5,557 
    
 
   Net interest income 
   
   
 2,587 
    
    
   
 3,064 
    
    
   
 4,047 
    
 
   Total net revenues 
   
   
 $30,608 
    
    
   
 $33,820 
    
    
   
 $34,528 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Investment banking is comprised of revenues (excluding net interest) from financial advisory and underwriting
assignments, as well as derivative transactions directly related to these assignments. These activities are included in our Investment Banking segment.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Investment management is comprised of revenues (excluding net interest) from providing investment management
services to a diverse set of clients, as well as wealth advisory services and certain transaction services to high-net-worth individuals and families. These activities are included in our Investment Management segment.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Commissions and fees is comprised of revenues from executing and clearing client transactions on major stock,
options and futures exchanges worldwide, as well as over-the-counter (OTC) transactions. These activities are included in our Institutional Client Services and Investment Management segments.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Market making is comprised of revenues (excluding net interest) from client execution activities related to
making markets in interest rate products, credit products, mortgages, currencies, commodities and equity products. These activities are included in our Institutional Client Services segment.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Other principal transactions is comprised of revenues (excluding net interest) from our investing activities
and the origination of loans to provide financing to clients. In addition, Other principal transactions includes revenues related to our consolidated investments. These activities are included in our Investing & Lending segment.
 
  Operating Environment.  During the first quarter of 2016, our business activities were negatively impacted by challenging trends in the operating environment, including concerns and uncertainties about global economic growth and central
bank activity as well as higher levels of volatility, all of which contributed to significant price pressure at the beginning of the year across both equity and fixed income markets. These factors negatively impacted investor conviction and risk
appetite for market-making activities, and industry-wide equity underwriting and mergers and acquisitions activity for investment banking activities. Results in other principal transactions also reflected the impact of these difficult market and
economic conditions. At the start of the second quarter of 2016, concerns about global economic growth moderated and conditions improved in many businesses, including a rebound in investment banking activities and improved results in other principal
transactions. However, later in the second quarter, the market became increasingly focused on the political uncertainty and economic implications surrounding the potential exit of the U.K. from the E.U., impacting market-making activities.
   The operating environment improved during the second half of 2016, as global equity markets steadily increased and credit spreads
tightened, providing a more favorable backdrop for our business activities. For investment management activities, our assets under supervision continued to increase during 2016. The mix of our average assets under supervision shifted slightly
compared with 2015 from long-term assets under supervision to liquidity products.    If the trend of macroeconomic concerns continues over
the long term, and market-making activity levels, investment banking activity levels, or assets under supervision decline or if investors continue the trend of favoring assets under supervision that typically generate lower fees, net revenues would
likely be negatively impacted. See “Segment Operating Results” below for further information about the operating environment and material trends and uncertainties that may impact our results of operations.  
 During 2015, the operating environment for market-making activities was positively impacted by diverging central bank monetary policies in the
U.S. and the Euro area in the first quarter, as increased volatility levels contributed to strong client activity levels in currencies, interest rate products and equity products. However, during the remainder of 2015, concerns about global growth
and uncertainty about the U.S. Federal Reserve’s interest rate policy, along with lower global equity prices, widening high-yield credit spreads and declining commodity prices, contributed to lower levels of client activity, particularly in
mortgages and credit, and more difficult market-making conditions.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 54 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  The operating environment for investment banking activities for 2015 reflected strong
industry-wide mergers and acquisitions activity. In addition, investment management reflected an environment generally characterized by strong client net inflows, which more than offset the declines in equity and fixed income asset prices. Although
other principal transactions for 2015 benefited from favorable company-specific events, including sales, initial public offerings and financings, a decline in global equity prices and widening high-yield credit spreads during the second half of 2015
impacted results.    2016 versus 2015    Net
revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $30.61 billion for 2016, 9% lower than 2015, reflecting the impact of a challenging operating environment during the first half of the year, particularly during the first quarter,
although the environment improved during the second half of the year. The decrease in net revenues was primarily due to significantly lower other principal transactions revenues and lower investment banking revenues, net interest income and
investment management revenues. In addition, commissions and fees were slightly lower. These results were partially offset by slightly higher market-making revenues.  
 Non-Interest Revenues.  Investment banking revenues in
the consolidated statements of earnings were $6.27 billion for 2016, 11% lower compared with a strong 2015. Revenues in financial advisory were lower compared with a strong 2015, reflecting a decrease in industry-wide transactions. Revenues in
underwriting were lower compared with a strong 2015, due to significantly lower revenues in equity underwriting, reflecting a decrease in industry-wide volumes. Revenues in debt underwriting were significantly higher, reflecting significantly higher
revenues from asset-backed activity and higher revenues from leveraged finance activity.    Investment management revenues in the
consolidated statements of earnings were $5.41 billion for 2016, 8% lower than 2015, primarily reflecting significantly lower incentive fees compared with a strong 2015. In addition, management and other fees were slightly lower, reflecting
shifts in the mix of client assets and strategies, partially offset by the impact of higher average assets under supervision.    Commissions
and fees in the consolidated statements of earnings were $3.21 billion for 2016, 3% lower than 2015, reflecting lower listed cash equity volumes in Asia and Europe, consistent with market volumes in these regions.
 
  Market-making revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $9.93 billion for
2016, 4% higher than 2015, due to significantly higher revenues in interest rate products and credit products. These results were partially offset by significantly lower revenues in equity cash products and lower revenues in currencies, mortgages,
equity derivative products and commodities.    Other principal transactions revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were
$3.20 billion for 2016, 36% lower than 2015, primarily due to significantly lower revenues from investments in equities, primarily reflecting a significant decrease in net gains from private equities, driven by company-specific events and
corporate performance. In addition, revenues in debt securities and loans were significantly lower compared with 2015, reflecting significantly lower revenues related to relationship lending activities, due to the impact of changes in credit spreads
on economic hedges. Losses related to these hedges were $596 million in 2016, compared with gains of $329 million in 2015. This decrease was partially offset by higher net gains from investments in debt instruments. See Note 9 to the
consolidated financial statements for further information about economic hedges related to our relationship lending activities.    Net Interest Income.  Net interest income in the consolidated statements of earnings was $2.59 billion for 2016, 16% lower than 2015, reflecting an increase in
interest expense primarily due to the impact of higher interest rates on other interest-bearing liabilities, interest-bearing deposits and collateralized financings, and increases in total average long-term borrowings and total average
interest-bearing deposits. The increase in interest expense was partially offset by higher interest income related to collateralized agreements, reflecting the impact of higher interest rates, and loans receivable, reflecting an increase in total
average balances and the impact of higher interest rates. See “Statistical Disclosures — Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity” for further information about our sources of net interest income.
   2015 versus 2014    Net revenues in
the consolidated statements of earnings were $33.82 billion for 2015, 2% lower than 2014, reflecting significantly lower other principal transactions revenues and net interest income, largely offset by higher market-making revenues and
investment banking revenues, as well as slightly higher investment management revenues. Commissions and fees were essentially unchanged compared with 2014.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 55 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Non-Interest Revenues.  Investment banking revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $7.03 billion for 2015, 9% higher than 2014, due to significantly higher revenues in financial advisory, reflecting strong client
activity, particularly in the U.S. Industry-wide completed mergers and acquisitions increased significantly compared with the prior year. Revenues in underwriting were lower compared with a strong 2014. Revenues in debt underwriting were lower
compared with 2014, reflecting significantly lower leveraged finance activity. Revenues in equity underwriting were also lower, reflecting significantly lower revenues from initial public offerings and convertible offerings, partially offset by
significantly higher revenues from secondary offerings.    Investment management revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings
were $5.87 billion for 2015, 2% higher than 2014, due to slightly higher management and other fees, primarily reflecting higher average assets under supervision, and higher transaction revenues.  
 Commissions and fees in the consolidated statements of earnings were $3.32 billion for 2015, essentially unchanged compared with 2014.
   Market-making revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $9.52 billion for 2015, 14% higher than 2014. Excluding a gain
of $289 million in 2014 related to the extinguishment of certain of our junior subordinated debt, market-making revenues were 18% higher than 2014, reflecting significantly higher revenues in interest rate products, currencies, equity cash
products and equity derivatives. These increases were partially offset by significantly lower revenues in mortgages, commodities and credit products.  
 Other principal transactions revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $5.02 billion for 2015, 24% lower than 2014. This
decrease was primarily due to lower revenues from investments in equities, principally reflecting the sale of Metro International Trade Services (Metro) in the fourth quarter of 2014 and lower net gains from investments in private equities, driven
by corporate performance. In addition, revenues in debt securities and loans were significantly lower, reflecting lower net gains from investments.
 
  Net Interest Income.  Net interest income in the consolidated statements of earnings was $3.06 billion for 2015, 24% lower than 2014. The decrease compared with 2014 was due to lower interest income resulting from a reduction in
interest income related to financial instruments owned, at fair value, partially offset by the impact of an increase in total average loans receivable. The decrease in interest income was partially offset by a decrease in interest expense, which
primarily reflected lower interest expense related to financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value and other interest-bearing liabilities, partially offset by higher interest expense related to long-term borrowings. See
“Supplemental Financial Information — Statistical Disclosures — Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity” for further information about our sources of net interest income.  
 Operating Expenses    Our operating expenses are
primarily influenced by compensation, headcount and levels of business activity. Compensation and benefits includes salaries, discretionary compensation, amortization of equity awards and other items such as benefits. Discretionary compensation is
significantly impacted by, among other factors, the level of net revenues, overall financial performance, prevailing labor markets, business mix, the structure of our share-based compensation programs and the external environment. In addition, see
“Use of Estimates” for additional information about expenses that may arise from litigation and regulatory proceedings.    In the
context of the challenging environment during the first half of 2016, we completed an initiative that identified areas where we can operate more efficiently, resulting in a reduction of approximately $900 million in annual run rate
compensation. For 2016, net savings from this initiative, after severance and other related costs, were approximately $500 million.  
 The table below presents our operating expenses and total staff (which includes employees, consultants and temporary staff).  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
    
   
 2014 
   
 
   Compensation and benefits 
   
   
 $11,647 
   
    
   
 $12,678 
   
    
   
 $12,691 
   
 
   
   
 
       Brokerage, clearing, exchange and
distribution fees 
   
   
 2,555 
   
    
   
 2,576 
   
    
   
 2,501 
   
 
   
   
 
   Market development 
   
   
 457 
   
    
   
 557 
   
    
   
 549 
   
 
   
   
 
   Communications and technology 
   
   
 809 
   
    
   
 806 
   
    
   
 779 
   
 
   
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 998 
   
    
   
 991 
   
    
   
 1,337 
   
 
   
   
 
   Occupancy 
   
   
 788 
   
    
   
 772 
   
    
   
 827 
   
 
   
   
 
   Professional fees 
   
   
 882 
   
    
   
 963 
   
    
   
 902 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other expenses 
   
   
 2,168 
   
    
   
 5,699 
   
    
   
 2,585 
   
 
   Total non-compensation expenses 
   
   
 8,657 
   
    
   
 12,364 
   
    
   
 9,480 
   
 
   Total operating expenses 
   
   
 $20,304 
   
    
   
 $25,042 
   
    
   
 $22,171 
   
 
     
 Total staff at period-end 
   
   
 34,400 
   
    
   
 36,800 
   
    
   
 34,000 
   
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 56 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  In the table above, other expenses for 2015 includes provisions of $3.37 billion recorded
for the settlement agreement with the RMBS Working Group. See Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of the 2015 Form 10-K for further information.  
 2016 versus 2015.  Operating expenses in the
consolidated statements of earnings were $20.30 billion for 2016, 19% lower than 2015. Compensation and benefits expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings were $11.65 billion for 2016, 8% lower than 2015, reflecting a
decrease in net revenues and the impact of expense savings initiatives. The ratio of compensation and benefits to net revenues for 2016 was 38.1% compared with 37.5% for 2015. Total staff decreased 7% during 2016, due to expense savings initiatives.
   Non-compensation expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings were $8.66 billion for 2016, 30% lower than 2015,
primarily due to significantly lower net provisions for mortgage-related litigation and regulatory matters, which are included in other expenses. In addition, market development expenses and professional fees were lower compared with 2015,
reflecting expense savings initiatives. Net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings for 2016 were $396 million compared with $4.01 billion for 2015 (2015 primarily related to net provisions for mortgage-related matters). 2016
included a $114 million charitable contribution to Goldman Sachs Gives, our donor-advised fund. Compensation was reduced to fund this charitable contribution to Goldman Sachs Gives. We ask our participating managing directors to make
recommendations regarding potential charitable recipients for this contribution.    2015 versus
2014.  Operating expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings were $25.04 billion for 2015, 13% higher than 2014. Compensation and benefits expenses in the consolidated statements of
earnings were $12.68 billion for 2015, essentially unchanged compared with 2014. The ratio of compensation and benefits to net revenues for 2015 was 37.5% compared with 36.8% for 2014. Total staff increased 8% during 2015, primarily due to
activity levels in certain businesses and continued investment in regulatory compliance.
 
  Non-compensation expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings were $12.36 billion
for 2015, 30% higher than 2014, due to significantly higher net provisions for mortgage-related litigation and regulatory matters, which are included in other expenses. This increase was partially offset by lower depreciation and amortization
expenses, primarily reflecting lower impairment charges related to consolidated investments, and a reduction in expenses related to the sale of Metro in the fourth quarter of 2014. Net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings for 2015
were $4.01 billion compared with $754 million for 2014 (both primarily comprised of net provisions for mortgage-related matters). 2015 included a $148 million charitable contribution to Goldman Sachs Gives, our donor-advised fund.
Compensation was reduced to fund this charitable contribution to Goldman Sachs Gives. We ask our participating managing directors to make recommendations regarding potential charitable recipients for this contribution.  
 Provision for Taxes    The effective income tax rate
for 2016 was 28.2%, down from 30.7% for 2015. The decline compared with 2015 was primarily due to the impact of non-deductible provisions for mortgage-related litigation and regulatory matters in 2015, partially offset by the impact of changes in
tax law on deferred tax assets, the mix of earnings and an increase related to higher enacted tax rates impacting certain of our U.K. subsidiaries in 2016.  
 The effective income tax rate for 2015 was 30.7%, down from 31.4% for 2014. The decline compared with 2014 reflected reductions related to a
change in the mix of earnings, the impact of changes in tax law on deferred tax assets, settlements of tax audits and the determination that certain non-U.S. earnings would be permanently reinvested abroad, and an increase related to the impact of
non-deductible provisions for mortgage-related litigation and regulatory matters.    In September 2016, the U.K. government enacted a
budget that will reduce the corporate income tax base rate by 1 percentage point effective April 1, 2020. During 2016, we remeasured deferred income tax assets accordingly. This change did not have a material impact on our effective
tax rate for the year ended December 2016, and we do not expect it to have a material impact on our future effective tax rate.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 57 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  In October 2016, the U.S. Department of the Treasury issued rules under Section 385 of
the Internal Revenue Code that could, in some circumstances, re-characterize debt as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The rules contain exclusions applicable to, among other things, debt instruments issued by regulated financial
companies, non-U.S. subsidiaries, certain U.S. subsidiaries where the holder of the debt instrument is included in a consolidated U.S. tax return, and ordinary business transactions. The rules also contain exclusions applicable to members of a
regulated financial group other than subsidiaries held under the merchant banking authority, grandfathered commodities, or complementary activities under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. These exceptions would exclude from re-characterization
substantially all debt instruments issued by us. We do not expect these rules to have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, effective income tax rate or cash flows.  
 Segment Operating Results    The table below presents
the net revenues, operating expenses and pre-tax earnings of our segments.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Investment Banking 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
   
   
 $  6,273 
    
    
   
 $  7,027 
    
    
   
 $  6,464 
    
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 3,437 
    
    
   
 3,713 
    
    
   
 3,688 
    
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $  2,836 
    
    
   
 $  3,314 
    
    
   
 $  2,776 
    
 
       Institutional Client
Services 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
   
   
 $14,467 
    
    
   
 $15,151 
    
    
   
 $15,197 
    
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 9,713 
    
    
   
 13,938 
    
    
   
 10,880 
    
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $  4,754 
    
    
   
 $  1,213 
    
    
   
 $  4,317 
    
 
       Investing &
Lending 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
   
   
 $  4,080 
    
    
   
 $  5,436 
    
    
   
 $  6,825 
    
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 2,386 
    
    
   
 2,402 
    
    
   
 2,819 
    
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $  1,694 
    
    
   
 $  3,034 
    
    
   
 $  4,006 
    
 
       Investment Management 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
   
   
 $  5,788 
    
    
   
 $  6,206 
    
    
   
 $  6,042 
    
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 4,654 
    
    
   
 4,841 
    
    
   
 4,647 
    
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $  1,134 
    
    
   
 $  1,365 
    
    
   
 $  1,395 
    
 
       Total net revenues 
   
   
 $30,608 
    
    
   
 $33,820 
    
    
   
 $34,528 
    
 
   
   
 
   Total operating expenses 
   
   
 20,304 
    
    
   
 25,042 
    
    
   
 22,171 
    
 
   Total pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $10,304 
    
    
   
 $  8,778 
    
    
   
 $12,357 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Operating expenses includes provisions of $3.37 billion recorded in Institutional Client Services during
2015 for the settlement agreement with the RMBS Working Group. See Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of the 2015 Form 10-K for further information.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   All operating expenses have been allocated to our segments except for charitable contributions of
$114 million for 2016, $148 million for 2015 and $137 million for 2014.
 
  Net revenues in our segments include allocations of interest income and interest expense to
specific securities, commodities and other positions in relation to the cash generated by, or funding requirements of, such underlying positions. See Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our business
segments.    Our cost drivers taken as a whole, compensation, headcount and levels of business activity, are broadly similar in each of our
business segments. Compensation and benefits expenses within our segments reflect, among other factors, our overall performance, as well as the performance of individual businesses. Consequently, pre-tax margins in one segment of our business may be
significantly affected by the performance of our other business segments. A description of segment operating results follows.    Investment Banking  
 Our Investment Banking segment is comprised of:  
 Financial Advisory.  Includes strategic advisory
assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings, spin-offs, risk management and derivative transactions directly related to these client advisory assignments.  
 Underwriting.  Includes public offerings and private
placements, including local and cross-border transactions and acquisition financing, of a wide range of securities and other financial instruments, including loans, and derivative transactions directly related to these client underwriting
activities.    The table below presents the operating results of our Investment Banking segment.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Financial Advisory 
   
   
 $2,932 
    
    
   
 $3,470 
    
    
   
 $2,474 
    
 
       Equity underwriting 
   
   
 891 
    
    
   
 1,546 
    
    
   
 1,750 
    
 
   
   
 
   Debt underwriting 
   
   
 2,450 
    
    
   
 2,011 
    
    
   
 2,240 
    
 
   Total Underwriting 
   
   
 3,341 
    
    
   
 3,557 
    
    
   
 3,990 
    
 
   Total net revenues 
   
   
 6,273 
    
    
   
 7,027 
    
    
   
 6,464 
    
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 3,437 
    
    
   
 3,713 
    
    
   
 3,688 
    
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $2,836 
    
    
   
 $3,314 
    
    
   
 $2,776 
    
   The table below presents our financial advisory and underwriting transaction volumes (Source: Thomson Reuters).
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in billions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Announced mergers and acquisitions 
   
   
 $   994 
    
    
   
 $1,472 
    
    
   
 $   934 
    
 
   
   
 
   Completed mergers and acquisitions 
   
   
 1,170 
    
    
   
 1,109 
    
    
   
 665 
    
 
   
   
 
   Equity and equity-related offerings 
   
   
 47 
    
    
   
 72 
    
    
   
 78 
    
 
   
   
 
   Debt offerings 
   
   
 282 
    
    
   
 253 
    
    
   
 281 
    
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 58 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Announced and completed mergers and acquisitions volumes are based on full credit to each of the advisors in a
transaction. Equity and equity-related offerings and debt offerings are based on full credit for single book managers and equal credit for joint book managers. Transaction volumes may not be indicative of net revenues in a given period. In addition,
transaction volumes for prior periods may vary from amounts previously reported due to the subsequent withdrawal or a change in the value of a transaction.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Equity and equity-related offerings includes Rule 144A and public common stock offerings, convertible
offerings and rights offerings.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Debt offerings includes non-convertible preferred stock, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities
and taxable municipal debt. Includes publicly registered and Rule 144A issues. Excludes leveraged loans.    Operating Environment.  In mergers and acquisitions, industry-wide completed activity remained strong for 2016 and industry-wide announced activity continued to be
robust for most of the year, but both declined for the industry compared with the level of activity during 2015. In underwriting, industry-wide equity underwriting volumes decreased significantly compared with 2015, due to a continued weak backdrop
for new issuances. This compares with strong activity levels in 2015, which benefited from favorable equity market conditions during the first half of the year. Industry-wide debt underwriting volumes during 2016 increased compared with 2015. In the
future, if industry-wide activity levels in mergers and acquisitions or equity underwriting continue the downward trend or if industry-wide activity levels in debt underwriting decline, net revenues in Investment Banking would likely continue to be
negatively impacted.    During 2015, Investment Banking operated in an environment characterized by strong industry-wide mergers and
acquisitions activity. Industry-wide activity in both debt and equity underwriting declined compared with 2014.    2016 versus 2015.  Net revenues in Investment Banking were $6.27 billion for 2016, 11% lower compared with a strong 2015.  
 Net revenues in Financial Advisory were $2.93 billion, 16% lower compared with a strong 2015, reflecting a decrease in industry-wide
transactions. Net revenues in Underwriting were $3.34 billion, 6% lower compared with a strong 2015, due to significantly lower net revenues in equity underwriting, reflecting a decrease in industry-wide volumes. Net revenues in debt
underwriting were significantly higher, reflecting significantly higher net revenues from asset-backed activity and higher net revenues from leveraged finance activity.
 
  Operating expenses were $3.44 billion for 2016, 7% lower than 2015, due to decreased
compensation and benefits expenses, reflecting lower net revenues. Pre-tax earnings were $2.84 billion in 2016, 14% lower than 2015.  
 As of December 2016, our investment banking transaction backlog was lower compared with a strong level of backlog at the end of 2015,
primarily due to lower estimated net revenues from potential advisory transactions and significantly lower estimated net revenues from potential debt underwriting transactions, principally reflecting decreases in mergers and acquisitions activity
and acquisition-related financing, respectively. Estimated net revenues from potential equity underwriting transactions were slightly lower compared with the end of 2015.  
 Our investment banking transaction backlog represents an estimate of our future net revenues from investment banking transactions where we
believe that future revenue realization is more likely than not. We believe changes in our investment banking transaction backlog may be a useful indicator of client activity levels which, over the long term, impact our net revenues. However, the
time frame for completion and corresponding revenue recognition of transactions in our backlog varies based on the nature of the assignment, as certain transactions may remain in our backlog for longer periods of time and others may enter and leave
within the same reporting period. In addition, our transaction backlog is subject to certain limitations, such as assumptions about the likelihood that individual client transactions will occur in the future. Transactions may be cancelled or
modified, and transactions not included in the estimate may also occur.    2015 versus 2014.  Net revenues in Investment Banking were $7.03 billion for 2015, 9% higher than 2014.    Net
revenues in Financial Advisory were $3.47 billion, 40% higher than 2014, reflecting strong client activity, particularly in the U.S. Industry-wide completed mergers and acquisitions increased significantly compared with the prior year. Net
revenues in Underwriting were $3.56 billion, 11% lower compared with a strong 2014. Net revenues in debt underwriting were lower compared with 2014, reflecting significantly lower leveraged finance activity. Net revenues in equity underwriting
were also lower, reflecting significantly lower net revenues from initial public offerings and convertible offerings, partially offset by significantly higher net revenues from secondary offerings.  
 Operating expenses were $3.71 billion for 2015, essentially unchanged compared with 2014. Pre-tax earnings were $3.31 billion in
2015, 19% higher than 2014.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 59 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  As of December 2015, our investment banking transaction backlog was higher compared with
the end of 2014, primarily due to significantly higher estimated net revenues from potential debt underwriting transactions, principally related to leveraged finance transactions, and higher estimated net revenues from potential advisory
transactions, reflecting the continued high level of mergers and acquisitions activity. Estimated net revenues from potential equity underwriting transactions were slightly higher compared with the end of 2014.  
 Institutional Client Services    Our Institutional
Client Services segment is comprised of:    Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client
Execution.  Includes client execution activities related to making markets in both cash and derivative instruments for interest rate products, credit products, mortgages, currencies and
commodities.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Interest Rate Products.  Government bonds (including
inflation-linked securities) across maturities, other government-backed securities, repurchase agreements, and interest rate swaps, options and other derivatives.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Credit Products.  Investment-grade corporate securities,
high-yield securities, credit derivatives, exchange-traded funds, bank and bridge loans, municipal securities, emerging market and distressed debt, and trade claims.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Mortgages.  Commercial mortgage-related securities, loans and
derivatives, residential mortgage-related securities, loans and derivatives (including U.S. government agency-issued collateralized mortgage obligations and other securities and loans), and other asset-backed securities, loans and derivatives.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Currencies.  Currency options, spot/forwards and other
derivatives on G-10 currencies and emerging-market products.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Commodities.  Commodity derivatives and, to a lesser extent,
physical commodities, involving crude oil and petroleum products, natural gas, base, precious and other metals, electricity, coal, agricultural and other commodity products.  
 Equities.  Includes client execution activities related
to making markets in equity products and commissions and fees from executing and clearing institutional client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide, as well as OTC transactions. Equities also includes our securities
services business, which provides financing, securities lending and other prime brokerage services to institutional clients, including hedge funds, mutual funds, pension funds and foundations, and generates revenues primarily in the form of interest
rate spreads or fees.  
  As a market maker, we facilitate transactions in both liquid and less liquid markets, primarily
for institutional clients, such as corporations, financial institutions, investment funds and governments, to assist clients in meeting their investment objectives and in managing their risks. In this role, we seek to earn the difference between the
price at which a market participant is willing to sell an instrument to us and the price at which another market participant is willing to buy it from us, and vice versa (i.e., bid/offer spread). In addition, we maintain inventory, typically for a
short period of time, in response to, or in anticipation of, client demand. We also hold inventory to actively manage our risk exposures that arise from these market-making activities. Our market-making inventory is recorded in financial instruments
owned, at fair value (long positions) or financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value (short positions) in our consolidated statements of financial condition.  
 Our results are influenced by a combination of interconnected drivers, including (i) client activity levels and transactional bid/offer
spreads (collectively, client activity), and (ii) changes in the fair value of our inventory and interest income and interest expense related to the holding, hedging and funding of our inventory (collectively, market-making inventory changes).
Due to the integrated nature of our market-making activities, disaggregation of net revenues into client activity and market-making inventory changes is judgmental and has inherent complexities and limitations.  
 The amount and composition of our net revenues vary over time as these drivers are impacted by multiple interrelated factors affecting economic
and market conditions, including volatility and liquidity in the market, changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit spreads, equity prices and commodity prices, investor confidence, and other macroeconomic concerns and uncertainties.
   In general, assuming all other market-making conditions remain constant, increases in client activity levels or bid/offer spreads tend to
result in increases in net revenues, and decreases tend to have the opposite effect. However, changes in market-making conditions can materially impact client activity levels and bid/offer spreads, as well as the fair value of our inventory. For
example, a decrease in liquidity in the market could have the impact of (i) increasing our bid/offer spread, (ii) decreasing investor confidence and thereby decreasing client activity levels, and (iii) wider credit spreads on our
inventory positions.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 60 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  The table below presents the operating results of our Institutional Client Services segment.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
    
   
 2014 
   
 
   Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution 
   
   
 $  7,556 
   
    
   
 $  7,322 
   
    
   
 $  8,461 
   
 
       Equities client execution 
   
   
 2,194 
   
    
   
 3,028 
   
    
   
 2,079 
   
 
   
   
 
   Commissions and fees 
   
   
 3,078 
   
    
   
 3,156 
   
    
   
 3,153 
   
 
   
   
 
   Securities services 
   
   
 1,639 
   
    
   
 1,645 
   
    
   
 1,504 
   
 
   Total Equities 
   
   
 6,911 
   
    
   
 7,829 
   
    
   
 6,736 
   
 
   Total net revenues 
   
   
 14,467 
   
    
   
 15,151 
   
    
   
 15,197 
   
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 9,713 
   
    
   
 13,938 
   
    
   
 10,880 
   
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $  4,754 
   
    
   
 $  1,213 
   
    
   
 $  4,317 
   
   The table below presents the net revenues of our Institutional Client Services segment by line item in the
consolidated statements of earnings. See “Net Revenues” above for further information about market-making revenues, commissions and fees and net interest income.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
     
 Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities 
 Client Execution 
           
    
     
 Total   Equities 
       
    
     
 Institutional   Client Services 
         
 
   Year Ended December 2016 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Market making 
   
   
 $  6,803 
   
    
   
 $  3,130 
   
    
   
 $  9,933 
   
 
   
   
 
   Commissions and fees 
   
   
 — 
   
    
   
 3,078 
   
    
   
 3,078 
   
 
   
   
 
   Net interest income 
   
   
 753 
   
    
   
 703 
   
    
   
 1,456 
   
 
   Total net revenues 
   
   
 $  7,556 
   
    
   
 $  6,911 
   
    
   
 $14,467 
   
 
   Year Ended December 2015 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Market making 
   
   
 $  5,893 
   
    
   
 $  3,630 
   
    
   
 $  9,523 
   
 
   
   
 
   Commissions and fees 
   
   
 — 
   
    
   
 3,156 
   
    
   
 3,156 
   
 
   
   
 
   Net interest income 
   
   
 1,429 
   
    
   
 1,043 
   
    
   
 2,472 
   
 
   Total net revenues 
   
   
 $  7,322 
   
    
   
 $  7,829 
   
    
   
 $15,151 
   
 
   Year Ended December 2014 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Market making 
   
   
 $  5,623 
   
    
   
 $  2,742 
   
    
   
 $  8,365 
   
 
   
   
 
   Commissions and fees 
   
   
 — 
   
    
   
 3,153 
   
    
   
 3,153 
   
 
   
   
 
   Net interest income 
   
   
 2,838 
   
    
   
 841 
   
    
   
 3,679 
   
 
   Total net revenues 
   
   
 $  8,461 
   
    
   
 $  6,736 
   
    
   
 $15,197 
   
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The difference between commissions and fees and those in the consolidated statements of earnings represents
commissions and fees included in our Investment Management segment.      
 
 
 • 
   
   See Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for net interest income by business segment.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   The primary driver of net revenues for Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution, for the
periods in the table above, was attributable to client activity.
 
  Operating Environment.  Challenging trends in the operating environment for Institutional Client Services that existed throughout the second half of 2015 continued during the first quarter of 2016, including concerns and uncertainties
about global economic growth and central bank activity. These concerns contributed to significant price pressure across both equity and fixed income markets. Volatility peaked in February with the VIX reaching over 28, and global equity markets
materially declined during the first half of the first quarter with the Dow Jones Industrial Average, Shanghai Composite Index, and Nikkei 225 Index down 10%, 25% and 21%, respectively, at their lowest points. Credit spreads for high-yield issuers
widened over 100 basis points early in the first quarter, driven by the energy sector, and oil and natural gas prices continued their downward trend that began during the middle of 2015, reaching as low as $26 per barrel (WTI) and $1.64
per million British thermal units, respectively. Concerns about global economic growth moderated at the beginning of the second quarter, however the market became increasingly focused on the political uncertainty and economic implications
surrounding the potential exit of the U.K. from the E.U. In response to the “leave vote,” the MSCI World Index declined 7% in two days and volumes generally spiked, both of which largely reversed shortly thereafter. In addition, the Nikkei
225 Index and the Shanghai Composite Index were down 18% and 17%, respectively, during the first half of 2016. This challenging environment, including low interest rates, impacted client sentiment and risk appetite, and market-making conditions
remained difficult.    During the second half of 2016, the operating environment improved, as global equity markets steadily
increased, with the MSCI World Index up 6% and the S&P 500 Index up 7% during the period. In addition, equity markets in Asia generally rebounded, with the Nikkei 225 Index up 23% and the Shanghai Composite Index up 6%. Average volatility
in equity markets was lower during the second half of 2016 compared with the beginning of the year. In credit and commodity markets, U.S. investment grade and high-yield credit spreads tightened by nearly 40 basis points and over 150 basis points,
respectively, during the second half of 2016, and oil and natural gas prices increased to approximately $54 per barrel (WTI) and $3.72 per million British thermal units, respectively. These trends drove improved client sentiment and
market-making conditions during the second half of 2016. If the trend of macroeconomic concerns continues over the long term and activity levels decline, net revenues in Institutional Client Services would likely continue to be negatively impacted.
See “Business Environment” above for further information about economic and market conditions in the global operating environment during the year.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 61 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  During 2015, the operating environment for Institutional Client Services was positively impacted
by diverging central bank monetary policies in the U.S. and the Euro area in the first quarter, as increased volatility levels contributed to strong client activity levels in currencies, interest rate products and equity products, and market-making
conditions improved. However, during the remainder of 2015, concerns about global growth and uncertainty about the U.S. Federal Reserve’s interest rate policy, along with lower global equity prices, widening high-yield credit spreads and
declining commodity prices, contributed to lower levels of client activity, particularly in mortgages and credit, and more difficult market-making conditions.  
 2016 versus 2015.  Net revenues in Institutional Client
Services were $14.47 billion for 2016, 5% lower than 2015.    Net revenues in Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client
Execution were $7.56 billion for 2016, 3% higher than 2015. This increase was primarily driven by the impact of changes in market-making conditions on our inventory.  
 The following provides details of our Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution net revenues by business, compared with 2015
results:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Net revenues in credit products were significantly higher, reflecting improved market-making conditions,
including generally tighter spreads, and higher client activity levels compared with low activity in 2015.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Net revenues in interest rate products were higher, reflecting higher client activity levels.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Net revenues in mortgages were significantly lower, reflecting less favorable market-making conditions,
including generally wider spreads.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Net revenues in currencies were lower, reflecting less favorable market-making conditions in emerging markets
products compared with 2015, which included a strong first quarter of 2015.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Net revenues in commodities were lower, reflecting significantly lower client activity.  
 Net revenues in Equities were $6.91 billion, 12% lower than 2015, primarily due to significantly lower net revenues in equities client
execution, reflecting significantly lower net revenues in cash products, primarily in Asia, as well as lower net revenues in derivatives. Commissions and fees were slightly lower, reflecting lower listed cash equity volumes in Asia and Europe,
consistent with market volumes in these regions, and net revenues in securities services were essentially unchanged compared with 2015.
 
  We elect the fair value option for certain unsecured borrowings. For 2015, the fair value net
gain attributable to the impact of changes in our credit spreads on these borrowings was $255 million ($214 million and $41 million related to Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution and equities client execution,
respectively). For 2016, we adopted the requirement in ASU No. 2016-01 to present separately such gains and losses in other comprehensive income. The amount included in accumulated other comprehensive loss for 2016 was a loss of
$844 million ($544 million, net of tax). See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about ASU No. 2016-01.  
 Operating expenses were $9.71 billion for 2016, 30% lower than 2015, primarily due to significantly lower net provisions for
mortgage-related litigation and regulatory matters, and decreased compensation and benefits expenses, reflecting lower net revenues. Pre-tax earnings were $4.75 billion in 2016 compared with $1.21 billion in 2015.  
 2015 versus 2014.  Net revenues in Institutional Client
Services were $15.15 billion for 2015, essentially unchanged compared with 2014.    Net revenues in Fixed Income, Currency and
Commodities Client Execution were $7.32 billion for 2015, 13% lower than 2014. Excluding a gain of $168 million in 2014 related to the extinguishment of certain of our junior subordinated debt, net revenues in Fixed Income, Currency and
Commodities Client Execution were 12% lower than 2014. This decrease was primarily driven by the impact of changes in market-making conditions on our inventory.  
 The following provides details of our Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution net revenues by business, compared with 2014
results:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Net revenues in mortgages and credit products were both significantly lower, reflecting challenging
market-making conditions and generally low levels of activity during 2015.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Net revenues in commodities were significantly lower, primarily reflecting less favorable market-making
conditions compared with 2014, which included a strong first quarter of 2014.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Net revenues in interest rate products and currencies were both significantly higher, reflecting higher
volatility levels which contributed to higher client activity levels, particularly during the first quarter of 2015.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 62 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Net revenues in Equities were $7.83 billion for 2015, 16% higher than 2014. Excluding a
gain of $121 million ($30 million and $91 million included in equities client execution and securities services, respectively) in 2014 related to the extinguishment of certain of our junior subordinated debt, net revenues in Equities
were 18% higher than 2014, primarily due to significantly higher net revenues in equities client execution across the major regions, reflecting significantly higher results in both derivatives and cash products, and higher net revenues in securities
services, reflecting the impact of higher average customer balances and improved securities lending spreads. Commissions and fees were essentially unchanged compared with 2014.  
 We elect the fair value option for certain unsecured borrowings. The fair value net gain attributable to the impact of changes in our credit
spreads on these borrowings was $255 million ($214 million and $41 million related to Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution and equities client execution, respectively) for 2015, compared with a net gain of
$144 million ($108 million and $36 million related to Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution and equities client execution, respectively) for 2014.  
 Operating expenses were $13.94 billion for 2015, 28% higher than 2014, due to significantly higher net provisions for mortgage-related
litigation and regulatory matters, partially offset by decreased compensation and benefits expenses. Pre-tax earnings were $1.21 billion in 2015, 72% lower than 2014.  
 Investing & Lending    Investing &
Lending includes our investing activities and the origination of loans, including our relationship lending activities, to provide financing to clients. These investments and loans are typically longer-term in nature. We make investments, some of
which are consolidated, directly and indirectly through funds that we manage, in debt securities and loans, public and private equity securities, infrastructure and real estate entities. We also make unsecured loans to individuals through our online
platform.    The table below presents the operating results of our Investing & Lending segment.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Equity securities 
   
   
 $2,573 
    
    
   
 $3,781 
    
    
   
 $4,579 
    
 
   
   
 
   Debt securities and loans 
   
   
 1,507 
    
    
   
 1,655 
    
    
   
 2,246 
    
 
   Total net revenues 
   
   
 4,080 
    
    
   
 5,436 
    
    
   
 6,825 
    
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 2,386 
    
    
   
 2,402 
    
    
   
 2,819 
    
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $1,694 
    
    
   
 $3,034 
    
    
   
 $4,006 
    
   
  Operating Environment.  Following difficult market conditions and the impact of a challenging macroeconomic environment on corporate performance, particularly in the energy sector, in the first quarter of 2016, market conditions
improved during the rest of the year as macroeconomic concerns moderated. Global equity markets increased during 2016, contributing to net gains from investments in public equities, and corporate performance rebounded from the difficult start to the
year. If macroeconomic concerns negatively affect corporate performance or company-specific events, or if global equity markets decline, net revenues in Investing & Lending would likely be negatively impacted.  
 Although net revenues in Investing & Lending for 2015 benefited from favorable company-specific events, including sales, initial
public offerings and financings, a decline in global equity prices and widening high-yield credit spreads during the second half of 2015 impacted results.  
 2016 versus 2015.  Net revenues in Investing &
Lending were $4.08 billion for 2016, 25% lower than 2015. This decrease was primarily due to significantly lower net revenues from investments in equities, primarily reflecting a significant decrease in net gains from private equities, driven
by company-specific events and corporate performance. In addition, net revenues in debt securities and loans were lower compared with 2015, reflecting significantly lower net revenues related to relationship lending activities, due to the impact of
changes in credit spreads on economic hedges. Losses related to these hedges were $596 million in 2016, compared with gains of $329 million in 2015. This decrease was partially offset by higher net gains from investments in debt
instruments and higher net interest income. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about economic hedges related to our relationship lending activities.  
 Operating expenses were $2.39 billion for 2016, essentially unchanged compared with 2015. Pre-tax earnings were $1.69 billion in
2016, 44% lower than 2015.    2015 versus 2014 . Net
revenues in Investing & Lending were $5.44 billion for 2015, 20% lower than 2014. This decrease was primarily due to lower net revenues from investments in equities, principally reflecting the sale of Metro in the fourth quarter
of 2014 and lower net gains from investments in private equities, driven by corporate performance. In addition, net revenues in debt securities and loans were significantly lower, reflecting lower net gains from investments.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 63 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Operating expenses were $2.40 billion for 2015, 15% lower than 2014, due to lower
depreciation and amortization expenses, primarily reflecting lower impairment charges related to consolidated investments, and a reduction in expenses related to the sale of Metro in the fourth quarter of 2014. Pre-tax earnings were
$3.03 billion in 2015, 24% lower than 2014.    Investment Management  
 Investment Management provides investment management services and offers investment products (primarily through separately managed accounts and
commingled vehicles, such as mutual funds and private investment funds) across all major asset classes to a diverse set of institutional and individual clients. Investment Management also offers wealth advisory services, including portfolio
management and financial counseling, and brokerage and other transaction services to high-net-worth individuals and families.    Assets under
supervision (AUS) include client assets where we earn a fee for managing assets on a discretionary basis. This includes net assets in our mutual funds, hedge funds, credit funds and private equity funds (including real estate funds), and separately
managed accounts for institutional and individual investors. Assets under supervision also include client assets invested with third-party managers, bank deposits and advisory relationships where we earn a fee for advisory and other services, but do
not have investment discretion. Assets under supervision do not include the self-directed brokerage assets of our clients. Long-term assets under supervision represent assets under supervision excluding liquidity products. Liquidity products
represent money market and bank deposit assets.    Assets under supervision typically generate fees as a percentage of net asset value, which
vary by asset class and distribution channel and are affected by investment performance as well as asset inflows and redemptions. Asset classes such as alternative investment and equity assets typically generate higher fees relative to fixed income
and liquidity product assets. The average effective management fee (which excludes non-asset-based fees) we earned on our assets under supervision was 35 basis points for 2016, 39 basis points for 2015 and 40 basis points for 2014. These decreases
reflected shifts in the mix of client assets and strategies.    In certain circumstances, we are also entitled to receive incentive fees
based on a percentage of a fund’s or a separately managed account’s return, or when the return exceeds a specified benchmark or other performance targets. Incentive fees are recognized only when all material contingencies are resolved.
 
  The table below presents the operating results of our Investment Management segment.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Management and other fees 
   
   
 $4,798 
    
    
   
 $4,887 
    
    
   
 $4,800 
    
 
   
   
 
   Incentive fees 
   
   
 421 
    
    
   
 780 
    
    
   
 776 
    
 
   
   
 
   Transaction revenues 
   
   
 569 
    
    
   
 539 
    
    
   
 466 
    
 
   Total net revenues 
   
   
 5,788 
    
    
   
 6,206 
    
    
   
 6,042 
    
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 4,654 
    
    
   
 4,841 
    
    
   
 4,647 
    
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $1,134 
    
    
   
 $1,365 
    
    
   
 $1,395 
    
   The tables below present our period-end assets under supervision by asset class and by distribution channel.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in billions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Asset Class 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Alternative investments 
   
   
 $   154 
    
    
   
 $   148 
    
    
   
 $   143 
    
 
   
   
 
   Equity 
   
   
 266 
    
    
   
 252 
    
    
   
 236 
    
 
   
   
 
   Fixed income 
   
   
 601 
    
    
   
 546 
    
    
   
 516 
    
 
   Total long-term assets under supervision 

   
   
 1,021 
    
    
   
 946 
    
    
   
 895 
    
 
   
   
 
   Liquidity products 
   
   
 358 
    
    
   
 306 
    
    
   
 283 
    
 
   Total assets under supervision 
   
   
 $1,379 
    
    
   
 $1,252 
    
    
   
 $1,178 
    
 
       Distribution Channel 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Institutional 
   
   
 $   511 
    
    
   
 $   471 
    
    
   
 $   412 
    
 
   
   
 
   High-net-worth individuals 
   
   
 413 
    
    
   
 369 
    
    
   
 363 
    
 
   
   
 
   Third-party distributed 
   
   
 455 
    
    
   
 412 
    
    
   
 403 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $1,379 
    
    
   
 $1,252 
    
    
   
 $1,178 
    
   In the table above, alternative investments primarily includes hedge funds, credit funds, private equity, real
estate, currencies, commodities and asset allocation strategies.    The table below presents a summary of the changes in our assets under
supervision.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in billions 
   
   
 2016 
    
   
   
 2015 
    
   
   
 2014 
    
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $1,252 
    
   
   
 $1,178 
    
   
   
 $1,042 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net inflows/(outflows) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Alternative investments 
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   
   
 
   Equity 
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 23 
    
   
   
 15 
    
 
   
   
 
   Fixed income 
   
   
 40 
    
   
   
 41 
    
   
   
 58 
    
 
   Total long-term AUS net inflows/(outflows) 
   
   
 42 
    
   
   
 71 
    
   
   
 74 
    
 
   
   
 
   Liquidity products 
   
   
 52 
    
   
   
 23 
    
   
   
 37 
    
 
   Total AUS net inflows/(outflows) 
   
   
 94 
    
   
   
 94 
    
   
   
 111 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net market appreciation/(depreciation) 
   
   
 33 
    
   
   
 (20 
 )  
   
   
 25 
    
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $1,379 
    
   
   
 $1,252 
    
   
   
 $1,178 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Total long-term AUS net inflows/(outflows) for 2015 includes $18 billion of fixed income, equity and
alternative investments asset inflows in connection with our acquisition of Pacific Global Advisors’ solutions business.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 64 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 

 
 
 • 
   
   Total AUS net inflows/(outflows) for 2014 includes $19 billion of fixed income asset inflows in
connection with our acquisition of Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management’s stable value business and $6 billion of liquidity products inflows in connection with our acquisition of RBS Asset Management’s money market funds.
   The table below presents our average monthly assets under supervision by asset class.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   Average for the 
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in billions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Alternative investments 
   
   
 $   149 
    
    
   
 $   145 
    
    
   
 $   145 
    
 
   
   
 
   Equity 
   
   
 256 
    
    
   
 247 
    
    
   
 225 
    
 
   
   
 
   Fixed income 
   
   
 578 
    
    
   
 530 
    
    
   
 499 
    
 
   Total long-term assets under supervision 
   
   
 983 
    
    
   
 922 
    
    
   
 869 
    
 
   
   
 
   Liquidity products 
   
   
 326 
    
    
   
 272 
    
    
   
 248 
    
 
   Total assets under supervision 
   
   
 $1,309 
    
    
   
 $1,194 
    
    
   
 $1,117 
    
   Operating Environment. 
Following a challenging first quarter of 2016, market conditions continued to improve with higher asset prices resulting in full year appreciation in our client assets in both equity and fixed income assets. Also, our assets under supervision
increased during 2016 from net inflows, primarily in fixed income assets, and liquidity products. The mix of our average assets under supervision shifted slightly compared with 2015 from long-term assets under supervision to liquidity products.
Management fees have been impacted by many factors, including inflows to advisory services and outflows from actively-managed mutual funds. In the future, if asset prices decline, or investors continue the trend of favoring assets that typically
generate lower fees or investors withdraw their assets, net revenues in Investment Management would likely be negatively impacted.  
 During 2015, Investment Management operated in an environment generally characterized by strong client net inflows, which more than offset the
declines in equity and fixed income asset prices, which resulted in depreciation in the value of client assets, particularly in the third quarter of 2015. The mix of average assets under supervision shifted slightly from long-term assets under
supervision to liquidity products compared with 2014.  
  2016 versus 2015.  Net revenues in Investment Management were $5.79 billion for 2016, 7% lower than 2015. This decrease primarily reflected significantly lower incentive fees compared with a strong 2015. In addition, management
and other fees were slightly lower, reflecting shifts in the mix of client assets and strategies, partially offset by the impact of higher average assets under supervision. During the year, total assets under supervision increased $127 billion
to $1.38 trillion. Long-term assets under supervision increased $75 billion, including net inflows of $42 billion, primarily in fixed income assets, and net market appreciation of $33 billion, primarily in equity and fixed income
assets. In addition, liquidity products increased $52 billion.    Operating expenses were $4.65 billion for 2016, 4% lower
than 2015, due to decreased compensation and benefits expenses, reflecting lower net revenues. Pre-tax earnings were $1.13 billion in 2016, 17% lower than 2015.  
 2015 versus 2014.  Net revenues in Investment Management
were $6.21 billion for 2015, 3% higher than 2014, due to slightly higher management and other fees, primarily reflecting higher average assets under supervision, and higher transaction revenues. During 2015, total assets under supervision
increased $74 billion to $1.25 trillion. Long-term assets under supervision increased $51 billion, including net inflows of $71 billion (which includes $18 billion of asset inflows in connection with our acquisition of
Pacific Global Advisors’ solutions business), and net market depreciation of $20 billion, both primarily in fixed income and equity assets. In addition, liquidity products increased $23 billion.  
 Operating expenses were $4.84 billion for 2015, 4% higher than 2014, due to increased compensation and benefits expenses, reflecting
higher net revenues. Pre-tax earnings were $1.37 billion in 2015, 2% lower than 2014.    Geographic Data  
 See Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of our total net revenues, pre-tax earnings and net earnings by
geographic region.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 65 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
  Balance Sheet and Funding Sources  
 Balance Sheet Management
 
  One of our risk management disciplines is our ability to manage the size and composition of our
balance sheet. While our asset base changes due to client activity, market fluctuations and business opportunities, the size and composition of our balance sheet also reflects factors including (i) our overall risk tolerance, (ii) the
amount of equity capital we hold and (iii) our funding profile, among other factors. See “Equity Capital Management and Regulatory Capital — Equity Capital Management” for information about our equity capital management
process.    Although our balance sheet fluctuates on a day-to-day basis, our total assets at quarter-end and year-end dates are generally not
materially different from those occurring within our reporting periods.    In order to ensure appropriate risk management, we seek to
maintain a sufficiently liquid balance sheet and have processes in place to dynamically manage our assets and liabilities which include (i) balance sheet planning, (ii) business-specific limits, (iii) monitoring of key metrics and
(iv) scenario analyses.    Balance Sheet
Planning.  We prepare a balance sheet plan that combines our projected total assets and composition of assets with our expected funding sources over a one-year time horizon. This plan is reviewed
semi-annually and may be adjusted in response to changing business needs or market conditions. The objectives of this planning process are:      
 
 
 • 
   
   To develop our balance sheet projections, taking into account the general state of the financial markets and
expected business activity levels, as well as regulatory requirements;      
 
 
 • 
   
   To allow business risk managers and managers from our independent control and support functions to objectively
evaluate balance sheet limit requests from business managers in the context of our overall balance sheet constraints, including our liability profile and equity capital levels, and key metrics; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   To inform the target amount, tenor and type of funding to raise, based on our projected assets and contractual
maturities.  
  Business risk managers and managers from our independent control and support functions meet with
business managers to review current and prior period information and discuss expectations for the year to prepare our balance sheet plan. The specific information reviewed includes asset and liability size and composition, limit utilization, risk
and performance measures, and capital usage.    Our consolidated balance sheet plan, including our balance sheets by business, funding
projections, and projected key metrics, is reviewed and approved by the Firmwide Finance Committee. See “Overview and Structure of Risk Management” for an overview of our risk management structure.  
 Business-Specific Limits.  The Firmwide Finance
Committee sets asset and liability limits for each business. These limits are set at levels which are close to actual operating levels, rather than at levels which reflect our maximum risk appetite, in order to ensure prompt escalation and
discussion among business managers and managers in our independent control and support functions on a routine basis. The Firmwide Finance Committee reviews and approves balance sheet limits on a semi-annual basis and may also approve changes in
limits on a more frequent basis in response to changing business needs or market conditions. In addition, the Risk Governance Committee sets aged inventory limits for certain financial instruments as a disincentive to hold inventory over longer
periods of time. Requests for changes in limits are evaluated after giving consideration to their impact on key firm metrics. Compliance with limits is monitored on a daily basis by business risk managers, as well as managers in our independent
control and support functions.    Monitoring of Key Metrics.  We monitor key balance sheet metrics daily both by business and on a consolidated basis, including asset and liability size and composition, limit utilization and risk measures. We allocate assets to businesses
and review and analyze movements resulting from new business activity as well as market fluctuations.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 66 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Scenario Analyses.  We conduct various scenario analyses including as part of the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) and Dodd-Frank Act Stress Tests (DFAST), as well as our resolution and recovery planning. See
“Equity Capital Management and Regulatory Capital — Equity Capital Management” below for further information about these scenario analyses. These scenarios cover short-term and long-term time horizons using various macroeconomic
and firm-specific assumptions, based on a range of economic scenarios. We use these analyses to assist us in developing our longer-term balance sheet management strategy, including the level and composition of assets, funding and equity capital.
Additionally, these analyses help us develop approaches for maintaining appropriate funding, liquidity and capital across a variety of situations, including a severely stressed environment.  
 Balance Sheet Allocation    In addition to preparing
our consolidated statements of financial condition in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we prepare a balance sheet that generally allocates assets to our businesses, which is a non-GAAP presentation and may not be comparable to similar non-GAAP
presentations used by other companies. We believe that presenting our assets on this basis is meaningful because it is consistent with the way management views and manages risks associated with our assets and better enables investors to assess the
liquidity of our assets.    The table below presents our balance sheet allocation.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Global Core Liquid Assets (GCLA) 
   
   
 $226,066 
    
    
   
 $199,120 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other cash 
   
   
 9,088 
    
    
   
 9,180 
    
 
   GCLA and cash 
   
   
 235,154 
    
    
   
 208,300 
    
 
   
   
 
       Secured client financing 
   
   
 199,387 
    
    
   
 221,325 
    
 
   
   
 
       Inventory 
   
   
 206,988 
    
    
   
 208,836 
    
 
   
   
 
   Secured financing agreements 
   
   
 65,606 
    
    
   
 63,495 
    
 
   
   
 
   Receivables 
   
   
 29,592 
    
    
   
 39,976 
    
 
   Institutional Client Services 
   
   
 302,186 
    
    
   
 312,307 
    
 
   
   
 
       Public equity 
   
   
 3,224 
    
    
   
 3,991 
    
 
   
   
 
   Private equity 
   
   
 18,224 
    
    
   
 16,985 
    
 
   
   
 
   Debt 
   
   
 21,675 
    
    
   
 23,216 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans receivable 
   
   
 49,672 
    
    
   
 45,407 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 5,162 
    
    
   
 4,646 
    
 
   Investing & Lending 
   
   
 97,957 
    
    
   
 94,245 
    
 
       Total inventory and related
assets 
   
   
 400,143 
    
    
   
 406,552 
    
 
   
   
 
     
 Other assets 
   
   
 25,481 
    
    
   
 25,218 
    
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 $860,165 
    
    
   
 $861,395 
    
   
  The following is a description of the captions in the table above:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Global Core Liquid Assets and Cash.  We maintain liquidity to
meet a broad range of potential cash outflows and collateral needs in a stressed environment. See “Liquidity Risk Management” below for details on the composition and sizing of our “Global Core Liquid Assets” (GCLA). In addition
to our GCLA, we maintain other unrestricted operating cash balances, primarily for use in specific currencies, entities, or jurisdictions where we do not have immediate access to parent company liquidity.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Secured Client Financing.  We provide collateralized financing
for client positions, including margin loans secured by client collateral, securities borrowed, and resale agreements primarily collateralized by government obligations. We segregate cash and securities for regulatory and other purposes related to
client activity. Securities are segregated from our own inventory as well as from collateral obtained through securities borrowed or resale agreements. Our secured client financing arrangements, which are generally short-term, are accounted for at
fair value or at amounts that approximate fair value, and include daily margin requirements to mitigate counterparty credit risk.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Institutional Client Services.  In Institutional Client Services,
we maintain inventory positions to facilitate market making in fixed income, equity, currency and commodity products. Additionally, as part of market-making activities, we enter into resale or securities borrowing arrangements to obtain securities
or use our own inventory to cover transactions in which we or our clients have sold securities that have not yet been purchased. The receivables in Institutional Client Services primarily relate to securities transactions.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Investing & Lending.  In Investing & Lending,
we make investments and originate loans to provide financing to clients. These investments and loans are typically longer-term in nature. We make investments, directly and indirectly through funds that we manage, in debt securities, loans, public
and private equity securities, infrastructure, real estate entities and other investments. We also make unsecured loans to individuals through our online platform. Debt includes $14.23 billion and $17.29 billion as of December 2016
and December 2015, respectively, of direct loans primarily extended to corporate and private wealth management clients that are accounted for at fair value. Loans receivable is comprised of loans held for investment that are accounted for at
amortized cost net of allowance for loan losses. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about loans receivable.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 67 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 

 
 
 • 
   
   Other Assets.  Other assets are generally less liquid,
non-financial assets, including property, leasehold improvements and equipment, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, income tax-related receivables, equity-method investments, assets classified as held for sale and miscellaneous receivables.
   The table below presents the reconciliation of this balance sheet allocation to our U.S. GAAP balance sheet.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
       
   
 GCLA   and 
 Cash 
         
    
   
       
 Secured Client Financing 
          
   
       
 Institutional Client Services 
          
   
       
 Investing & Lending 
          
   
   
 Total 
    
 
   As of December 2016 
      
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 $107,066 
    
   
   
 $  14,645 
    
   
   
 $         — 
    
   
   
 $       — 
    
   
   
 $121,711 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities purchased under agreements to resell and federal funds sold 
   
   
 56,583 
    
   
   
 40,436 
    
   
   
 18,844 
    
   
   
 1,062 
    
   
   
 116,925 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities borrowed 
   
   
 41,652 
    
   
   
 96,186 
    
   
   
 46,762 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 184,600 
    
 
   
   
 
   Receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 6,540 
    
   
   
 11,504 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 18,044 
    
 
   
   
 
   Receivables from customers and counterparties 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 26,286 
    
   
   
 18,088 
    
   
   
 3,406 
    
   
   
 47,780 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans receivable 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 49,672 
    
   
   
 49,672 
    
 
   
   
 
   Financial instruments owned, at fair value 
   
   
 29,853 
    
   
   
 15,294 
    
   
   
 206,988 
    
   
   
 43,817 
    
   
   
 295,952 
    
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 $235,154 
    
   
   
 $199,387 
    
   
   
 $302,186 
    
   
   
 $97,957 
    
   
   
 $834,684 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 25,481 
    
 
   Total assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $860,165 
    
 
       As of
December 2015 
        
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 $  75,105 
    
   
   
 $  18,334 
    
   
   
 $         — 
    
   
   
 $       — 
    
   
   
 $  93,439 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities purchased under agreements to resell and federal funds sold 
   
   
 60,092 
    
   
   
 56,189 
    
   
   
 16,368 
    
   
   
 1,659 
    
   
   
 134,308 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities borrowed 
   
   
 33,260 
    
   
   
 97,251 
    
   
   
 47,127 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 177,638 
    
 
   
   
 
   Receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 5,912 
    
   
   
 19,541 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 25,453 
    
 
   
   
 
   Receivables from customers and counterparties 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 24,077 
    
   
   
 20,435 
    
   
   
 1,918 
    
   
   
 46,430 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans receivable 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 45,407 
    
   
   
 45,407 
    
 
   
   
 
   Financial instruments owned, at fair value 
   
   
 39,843 
    
   
   
 19,562 
    
   
   
 208,836 
    
   
   
 45,261 
    
   
   
 313,502 
    
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 $208,300 
    
   
   
 $221,325 
    
   
   
 $312,307 
    
   
   
 $94,245 
    
   
   
 $836,177 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 25,218 
    
 
   Total assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $861,395 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Total assets for Institutional Client Services and Investing & Lending represent inventory and
related assets. These amounts differ from total assets by business segment disclosed in Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements because total assets disclosed in Note 25 include allocations of our GCLA and cash, secured client
financing and other assets.  

 
 
 • 
   
   See “Balance Sheet Analysis and Metrics” for explanations on the changes in our balance sheet from
December 2015 to December 2016.    Balance Sheet Analysis and Metrics  
 As of December 2016, total assets in our consolidated statements of financial condition were $860.17 billion, essentially unchanged
from December 2015, reflecting an increase in cash and cash equivalents of $28.27 billion, offset by a decrease in financial instruments owned, at fair value of $17.55 billion and a net decrease in collateralized agreements of
$10.42 billion. The increase in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to an increase in deposits, reflecting the acquisition of GE Capital Bank’s online deposit platform. The decrease in financial instruments owned, at fair value
primarily reflected decreases in U.S. government and federal agency obligations, equities and convertible debentures and money market instruments related to market-making activity, and the net decrease in collateralized agreements reflected the
impact of firm and client activity.    As of December 2016, total liabilities in our consolidated statements of financial condition were
$773.27 billion, essentially unchanged from December 2015, reflecting increases in deposits of $26.58 billion and unsecured long-term borrowings of $13.66 billion, offset by decreases in payables to customers and counterparties
of $20.89 billion, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, at fair value of $14.25 billion, and other liabilities and accrued expenses of $4.53 billion. The increase in deposits reflected the acquisition of GE Capital
Bank’s online deposit platform, and the increase in unsecured long-term borrowings was due to net new issuances. The decrease in payables to customers and counterparties reflected changes in client activity and the decrease in securities sold
under agreements to repurchase, at fair value reflected the impact of firm and client activity. The decrease in other liabilities and accrued expenses primarily reflected payments related to the settlement agreement with the RMBS Working Group.  
 As of December 2016, our total securities sold under agreements to repurchase, accounted for as collateralized financings, were
$71.82 billion, which was 5% lower and 9% lower than the daily average amount of repurchase agreements during the quarter ended and year ended December 2016, respectively. The decrease in our repurchase agreements relative to the daily
average during 2016 resulted from the impact of firm and client activity at the end of the year.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 68 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  As of December 2015, our total securities sold under agreements to repurchase, accounted
for as collateralized financings, were $86.07 billion, which was 3% higher than the daily average amount of repurchase agreements during both the quarter ended and year ended December 2015. The increase in our repurchase agreements
relative to the daily average during 2015 resulted from an increase in firm financing and client activity at the end of the year.    The
level of our repurchase agreements fluctuates between and within periods, primarily due to providing clients with access to highly liquid collateral, such as U.S. government and federal agency, and investment-grade sovereign obligations through
collateralized financing activities.    The table below presents information about our assets, unsecured long-term borrowings,
shareholders’ equity and leverage ratios.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 $860,165 
   
    
   
 $861,395 
   
 
   
   
 
   Unsecured long-term borrowings 
   
   
 189,086 
   
    
   
 175,422 
   
 
   
   
 
   Total shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 86,893 
   
    
   
 86,728 
   
 
   
   
 
   Leverage ratio 
   
   
 9.9x 
   
    
   
 9.9x 
   
 
   
   
 
   Debt to equity ratio 
   
   
 2.2x 
   
    
   
 2.0x 
   
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The leverage ratio equals total assets divided by total shareholders’ equity and measures the proportion
of equity and debt we use to finance assets. This ratio is different from the Tier 1 leverage ratio included in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The debt to equity ratio equals unsecured long-term borrowings divided by total shareholders’ equity.
   The table below presents information about our shareholders’ equity and book value per common share, including the
reconciliation of total shareholders’ equity to tangible common shareholders’ equity.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions, except per share amounts 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
 2015 
   
 
   Total shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 $  86,893 
   
   
   
 $  86,728 
   
 
   
   
 
   Less: Preferred stock 
   
   
 (11,203 
 )  
   
   
 (11,200 
 )  
 
   Common shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 75,690 
   
   
   
 75,528 
   
 
   
   
 
   Less: Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets 
   
   
 (4,095 
 )  
   
   
 (4,148 
 )  
 
   Tangible common shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 $  71,595 
   
   
   
 $  71,380 
   
 
       Book value per common share 
   
   
 $  182.47 
   
   
   
 $  171.03 
   
 
   
   
 
   Tangible book value per common share 
   
   
 172.60 
   
   
   
 161.64 
   
   
  In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Tangible common shareholders’ equity equals total shareholders’ equity less preferred stock,
goodwill and identifiable intangible assets. We believe that tangible common shareholders’ equity is meaningful because it is a measure that we and investors use to assess capital adequacy. Tangible common shareholders’ equity is a
non-GAAP measure and may not be comparable to similar non-GAAP measures used by other companies.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Book value per common share and tangible book value per common share are based on common shares outstanding
and restricted stock units granted to employees with no future service requirements (collectively, basic shares) of 414.8 million and 441.6 million as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively. We believe that tangible
book value per common share (tangible common shareholders’ equity divided by basic shares) is meaningful because it is a measure that we and investors use to assess capital adequacy. Tangible book value per common share is a non-GAAP measure
and may not be comparable to similar non-GAAP measures used by other companies.    Funding Sources  
 Our primary sources of funding are secured financings, unsecured long-term and short-term borrowings, and deposits. We seek to maintain broad
and diversified funding sources globally across products, programs, markets, currencies and creditors to avoid funding concentrations.    We
raise funding through a number of different products, including:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Collateralized financings, such as repurchase agreements, securities loaned and other secured financings;
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Long-term unsecured debt (including structured notes) through syndicated U.S. registered offerings, U.S.
registered and Rule 144A medium-term note programs, offshore medium-term note offerings and other debt offerings;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Savings, demand and time deposits through internal and third-party broker-dealers, as well as from retail and
institutional customers; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   Short-term unsecured debt at the subsidiary level through U.S. and non-U.S. hybrid financial instruments and
other methods.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 69 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Our funding is primarily raised in U.S. dollar, Euro, British pound and Japanese yen. We
generally distribute our funding products through our own sales force and third-party distributors to a large, diverse creditor base in a variety of markets in the Americas, Europe and Asia. We believe that our relationships with our creditors are
critical to our liquidity. Our creditors include banks, governments, securities lenders, pension funds, insurance companies, mutual funds and individuals. We have imposed various internal guidelines to monitor creditor concentration across our
funding programs.    Secured Funding.  We fund a
significant amount of inventory on a secured basis, including repurchase agreements, securities loaned and other secured financings. As of December 2016 and December 2015, secured funding included in “Collateralized financings”
in the consolidated statements of financial condition was $100.86 billion and $114.44 billion, respectively. We may also pledge our inventory as collateral for securities borrowed under a securities lending agreement or as collateral for
derivative transactions. We also use our own inventory to cover transactions in which we or our clients have sold securities that have not yet been purchased. Secured funding is less sensitive to changes in our credit quality than unsecured funding,
due to our posting of collateral to our lenders. Nonetheless, we continually analyze the refinancing risk of our secured funding activities, taking into account trade tenors, maturity profiles, counterparty concentrations, collateral eligibility and
counterparty rollover probabilities. We seek to mitigate our refinancing risk by executing term trades with staggered maturities, diversifying counterparties, raising excess secured funding, and pre-funding residual risk through our GCLA.
   We seek to raise secured funding with a term appropriate for the liquidity of the assets that are being financed, and we seek
longer maturities for secured funding collateralized by asset classes that may be harder to fund on a secured basis, especially during times of market stress. Our secured funding, excluding funding collateralized by liquid government obligations, is
primarily executed for tenors of one month or greater. Assets that may be harder to fund on a secured basis during times of market stress include certain financial instruments in the following categories: mortgage and other asset-backed loans and
securities, non-investment-grade corporate debt securities, equities and convertible debentures and emerging market securities. Assets that are classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are generally funded on an unsecured basis. See
Notes 5 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the classification of financial instruments in the fair value hierarchy and “Unsecured Long-Term Borrowings” below for further information about the
use of unsecured long-term borrowings as a source of funding.
 
  The weighted average maturity of our secured funding included in “Collateralized
financings” in the consolidated statements of financial condition, excluding funding that can only be collateralized by highly liquid securities eligible for inclusion in our GCLA, exceeded 120 days as of December 2016.  
 A majority of our secured funding for securities not eligible for inclusion in the GCLA is executed through term repurchase agreements and
securities loaned contracts. We also raise financing through other types of collateralized financings, such as secured loans and notes. Goldman Sachs Bank USA (GS Bank USA) has access to funding from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB). As of
December 2016, our outstanding borrowings against the FHLB were $2.43 billion.    GS Bank USA also has access to funding through
the Federal Reserve Bank discount window. While we do not rely on this funding in our liquidity planning and stress testing, we maintain policies and procedures necessary to access this funding and test discount window borrowing procedures.  
 Unsecured Long-Term Borrowings.  We issue unsecured
long-term borrowings as a source of funding for inventory and other assets and to finance a portion of our GCLA. We issue in different tenors, currencies and products to maximize the diversification of our investor base.  
 The table below presents our quarterly unsecured long-term borrowings maturity profile as of December 2016.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
     
 First Quarter 
       
    
     
 Second Quarter 
       
    
     
 Third Quarter 
       
    
     
 Fourth Quarter 
       
    
   
 Total 
    
 
   2018 
   
   
 $9,127 
    
    
   
 $8,156 
    
    
   
 $4,858 
    
    
   
 $  4,563 
    
    
   
 $  26,704 
    
 
   
   
 
   2019 
   
   
 6,634 
    
    
   
 5,975 
    
    
   
 2,765 
    
    
   
 10,220 
    
    
   
 25,594 
    
 
   
   
 
   2020 
   
   
 4,480 
    
    
   
 7,495 
    
    
   
 5,475 
    
    
   
 959 
    
    
   
 18,409 
    
 
   
   
 
   2021 
   
   
 2,652 
    
    
   
 3,497 
    
    
   
 7,347 
    
    
   
 7,249 
    
    
   
 20,745 
    
 
   
   
 
   2022 - thereafter 
      
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 97,634 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 $189,086 
    
   The weighted average maturity of our unsecured long-term borrowings as of December 2016 was approximately
eight years. To mitigate refinancing risk, we seek to limit the principal amount of debt maturing on any one day or during any week or year. We enter into interest rate swaps to convert a portion of our unsecured long-term borrowings into
floating-rate obligations in order to manage our exposure to interest rates. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unsecured long-term borrowings.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 70 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 

 Deposits.  Our deposits provide us with a diversified
source of liquidity and reduce our reliance on wholesale funding. A growing source of our deposit base is comprised of retail deposits. Deposits are primarily used to finance lending activity, other inventory and a portion of our GCLA. We raise
deposits primarily through GS Bank USA and Goldman Sachs International Bank (GSIB). As of December 2016 and December 2015, our deposits were $124.10 billion and $97.52 billion, respectively. See Note 14 to the consolidated
financial statements for further information about our deposits.    Unsecured Short-Term
Borrowings.  A significant portion of our unsecured short-term borrowings was originally long-term debt that is scheduled to mature within one year of the reporting date. We use unsecured
short-term borrowings, including hybrid financial instruments, to finance liquid assets and for other cash management purposes. In light of regulatory developments, Group Inc. no longer issues debt with an original maturity of less than one year,
other than to its subsidiaries.    As of December 2016 and December 2015, our unsecured short-term borrowings, including the
current portion of unsecured long-term borrowings, were $39.27 billion and $42.79 billion, respectively. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unsecured short-term borrowings.
 
  Equity Capital Management and Regulatory Capital  
 Capital adequacy is of critical importance to us. We have in place a comprehensive capital management policy that provides a framework, defines
objectives and establishes guidelines to assist us in maintaining the appropriate level and composition of capital in both business-as-usual and stressed conditions.  
 Equity Capital Management    We determine the
appropriate level and composition of our equity capital by considering multiple factors including our current and future consolidated regulatory capital requirements, the results of our capital planning and stress testing process and other factors
such as rating agency guidelines, subsidiary capital requirements, the business environment and conditions in the financial markets. We manage our capital requirements and the levels of our capital usage principally by setting limits on balance
sheet assets and/or limits on risk, in each case at both the consolidated and business levels.    We principally manage the level and
composition of our equity capital through issuances and repurchases of our common stock. We may also, from time to time, issue or repurchase our preferred stock, junior subordinated debt issued to trusts, and other subordinated debt or other forms
of capital as business conditions warrant. Prior to any repurchases, we must receive confirmation that the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve Board) does not object to such capital actions. See Notes 16 and 19 to
the consolidated financial statements for further information about our preferred stock, junior subordinated debt issued to trusts and other subordinated debt.  
 Capital Planning and Stress Testing Process.  As part of
capital planning, we project sources and uses of capital given a range of business environments, including stressed conditions. Our stress testing process is designed to identify and measure material risks associated with our business activities
including market risk, credit risk and operational risk, as well as our ability to generate revenues.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 71 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  The following is a description of our capital planning and stress testing process:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Capital Planning.  Our capital planning process incorporates an
internal capital adequacy assessment with the objective of ensuring that we are appropriately capitalized relative to the risks in our business. We incorporate stress scenarios into our capital planning process with a goal of holding sufficient
capital to ensure we remain adequately capitalized after experiencing a severe stress event. Our assessment of capital adequacy is viewed in tandem with our assessment of liquidity adequacy and is integrated into our overall risk management
structure, governance and policy framework.    Our capital planning process also includes an internal
risk-based capital assessment. This assessment incorporates market risk, credit risk and operational risk. Market risk is calculated by using Value-at-Risk (VaR) calculations supplemented by risk-based add-ons which include risks related to rare
events (tail risks). Credit risk utilizes assumptions about our counterparties’ probability of default and the size of our losses in the event of a default. Operational risk is calculated based on scenarios incorporating multiple types of
operational failures as well as considering internal and external actual loss experience. Backtesting for market risk and credit risk is used to gauge the effectiveness of models at capturing and measuring relevant risks.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Stress Testing.  Our stress tests incorporate our internally
designed stress scenarios, including our internally developed severely adverse scenario, and those required under CCAR and DFAST, and are designed to capture our specific vulnerabilities and risks. We provide additional information about our stress
test processes and a summary of the results on our website as described in “Business — Available Information” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K.  
 As required by the Federal Reserve Board’s annual CCAR rules, we submit a capital plan for review by the Federal Reserve Board. The
purpose of the Federal Reserve Board’s review is to ensure that we have a robust, forward-looking capital planning process that accounts for our unique risks and that permits continued operation during times of economic and financial stress.
 
  The Federal Reserve Board evaluates us based, in part, on whether we have the capital necessary
to continue operating under the baseline and stress scenarios provided by the Federal Reserve Board and those developed internally. This evaluation also takes into account our process for identifying risk, our controls and governance for capital
planning, and our guidelines for making capital planning decisions. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board evaluates our plan to make capital distributions (i.e., dividend payments and repurchases or redemptions of stock, subordinated debt or other
capital securities) and issue capital, across a range of macroeconomic scenarios and firm-specific assumptions.    In addition, the DFAST
rules require us to conduct stress tests on a semi-annual basis and publish a summary of certain results. The Federal Reserve Board also conducts its own annual stress tests and publishes a summary of certain results.  
 We submitted our 2016 CCAR results in April 2016 and the Federal Reserve Board informed us that it did not object to our capital actions,
including the potential repurchase of outstanding common stock, a potential increase in our quarterly common stock dividend and the possible issuance, redemption and modification of other capital securities from the third quarter of 2016 through the
second quarter of 2017. We published a summary of our annual DFAST results in June 2016. See “Business — Available Information” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K.  
 In September 2016, we submitted our semi-annual DFAST results to the Federal Reserve Board and subsequently published a summary of our
internally developed severely adverse scenario results in October 2016. See “Business — Available Information” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K.  
 We are required to submit our 2017 CCAR results to the Federal Reserve Board by April 5, 2017.  
 In addition, the rules adopted by the Federal Reserve Board under the Dodd-Frank Act require GS Bank USA to conduct stress tests on an annual
basis and publish a summary of certain results. GS Bank USA submitted its 2016 annual DFAST stress results to the Federal Reserve Board in April 2016 and published a summary of its results in June 2016. See “Business —
Available Information” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 72 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Goldman Sachs International (GSI) also has its own capital planning and stress testing process,
which incorporates internally designed stress tests and those required under the Prudential Regulation Authority’s (PRA) Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process.  
 Contingency Capital Plan.  As part of our comprehensive
capital management policy, we maintain a contingency capital plan. Our contingency capital plan provides a framework for analyzing and responding to a perceived or actual capital deficiency, including, but not limited to, identification of drivers
of a capital deficiency, as well as mitigants and potential actions. It outlines the appropriate communication procedures to follow during a crisis period, including internal dissemination of information as well as timely communication with external
stakeholders.    Capital Attribution.  We
assess each of our businesses’ capital usage based upon our internal assessment of risks, which incorporates an attribution of all of our relevant regulatory capital requirements. These regulatory capital requirements are allocated using our
attributed equity framework, which takes into consideration our binding capital constraints. We also attribute risk-weighted assets (RWAs) to our business segments. As of December 2016, approximately two-thirds of RWAs calculated in accordance
with the Standardized Capital Rules and the Basel III Advanced Rules, subject to transitional provisions, were attributed to our Institutional Client Services segment and substantially all of the remaining RWAs were attributed to our
Investing & Lending segment. We manage the levels of our capital usage based upon balance sheet and risk limits, as well as capital return analyses of our businesses based on our capital attribution.  
 Share Repurchase Program.  We use our share repurchase
program to help maintain the appropriate level of common equity. The repurchase program is effected primarily through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1), the amounts and timing
of which are determined primarily by our current and projected capital position and our capital plan submitted to the Federal Reserve Board as part of CCAR. The amounts and timing of the repurchases may also be influenced by general market
conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of our common stock.
 
  As of December 2016, the remaining share authorization under our existing repurchase
program was 26.6 million shares; however, we are only permitted to make repurchases to the extent that such repurchases have not been objected to by the Federal Reserve Board. See “Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities” in Part II, Item 5 of this Form 10-K and Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about our share repurchase program and see
above for information about our capital planning and stress testing process.    Resolution and Recovery Plans  
 We are required by the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC to submit a periodic plan that describes our strategy for a rapid and orderly
resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure (resolution plan). We are also required by the Federal Reserve Board to submit and have submitted, on a periodic basis, a global recovery plan that outlines the steps that management
could take to reduce risk, maintain sufficient liquidity, and conserve capital in times of prolonged stress.    In April 2016, the
Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC provided feedback on the 2015 resolution plans of eight systemically important domestic banking institutions and provided guidance related to the 2017 resolution plan submissions. While our plan was not jointly
found to be deficient (i.e., non-credible or to not facilitate an orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code), the FDIC identified deficiencies and both the FDIC and Federal Reserve Board also identified certain shortcomings. In response to
the feedback received, in September 2016, we submitted a status report on our actions to address these shortcomings and a separate public section that explains these actions, at a high level. Our 2017 resolution plan, which is due by
July 1, 2017, is also required to address the shortcomings and take into account the additional guidance.    In addition, GS Bank
USA is required to submit a resolution plan to the FDIC and, accordingly, submitted its 2015 resolution plan on September 1, 2015. GS Bank USA has not yet received supervisory feedback on its 2015 resolution plan. In July 2016, GS
Bank USA received notification from the FDIC that its resolution plan submission date was extended to October 1, 2017 and the 2016 resolution plan requirement will be satisfied by the submission of the 2017 resolution plan.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 73 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Rating Agency Guidelines  
 The credit rating agencies assign credit ratings to the obligations of Group Inc., which directly issues or guarantees substantially all of our
senior unsecured obligations. Goldman, Sachs & Co. (GS&Co.) and GSI have been assigned long- and short-term issuer ratings by certain credit rating agencies. GS Bank USA and GSIB have also been assigned long- and short-term issuer
ratings, as well as ratings on their long-term and short-term bank deposits. In addition, credit rating agencies have assigned ratings to debt obligations of certain other subsidiaries of Group Inc.  
 The level and composition of our equity capital are among the many factors considered in determining our credit ratings. Each agency has its
own definition of eligible capital and methodology for evaluating capital adequacy, and assessments are generally based on a combination of factors rather than a single calculation. See “Liquidity Risk Management — Credit
Ratings” for further information about credit ratings of Group Inc., GS Bank USA, GSIB, GS&Co. and GSI.    Consolidated Regulatory Capital  
 We are subject to the Federal Reserve Board’s revised risk-based capital and leverage regulations, subject to certain transitional
provisions (Revised Capital Framework). These regulations are largely based on the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision’s (Basel Committee) capital framework for strengthening international capital standards (Basel III) and also
implement certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Under the Revised Capital Framework, we are an “Advanced approach” banking organization.  
 We calculate our Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1), Tier 1 capital and Total capital ratios in accordance with (i) the Standardized
approach and market risk rules set out in the Revised Capital Framework (together, the Standardized Capital Rules) and (ii) the Advanced approach and market risk rules set out in the Revised Capital Framework (together, the Basel III
Advanced Rules) as described in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements. The lower of each ratio calculated in (i) and (ii) is the ratio against which our compliance with minimum ratio requirements is assessed. Each of the
ratios calculated in accordance with the Basel III Advanced Rules was lower than that calculated in accordance with the Standardized Capital Rules and therefore the Basel III Advanced ratios were the ratios that applied to us as of
December 2016 and December 2015.    See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our
capital ratios as of December 2016 and December 2015, and for additional information about the Revised Capital Framework.
 
  Minimum Capital Ratios and Capital Buffers  
 The table below presents our minimum required ratios as of December 2016, as well as the estimated minimum ratios that we expect will
apply at the end of the transitional provisions beginning January 2019.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   
   
         
 December 2016 Minimum   Ratio 
            
    
       
 January 2019 Estimated Minimum Ratio 
          
 
   CET1 ratio 
   
   
 5.875% 
    
    
   
 9.5% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Tier 1 capital ratio 
   
   
 7.375% 
    
    
   
 11.0% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Total capital ratio 
   
   
 9.375% 
    
    
   
 13.0% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Tier 1 leverage ratio 
   
   
 4.000% 
    
    
   
 4.0% 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The minimum ratios as of December 2016 reflect (i) the 25% phase-in of the capital conservation
buffer (0.625%), (ii) the 25% phase-in of the Global Systemically Important Bank (G-SIB) buffer (0.75%), and (iii) the counter-cyclical capital buffer of zero percent.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The estimated minimum ratios as of January 2019 reflect (i) the fully phased-in capital conservation
buffer (2.5%), (ii) the fully phased-in G-SIB buffer (2.5%), and (iii) the counter-cyclical capital buffer of zero percent. The G-SIB buffer of 2.5% is estimated based on 2016 financial data, a reduction from the 3.0% buffer effective
January 1, 2016. The G-SIB and counter-cyclical buffers in the future may differ from these estimates due to additional guidance from our regulators and/or positional changes. As a result, the minimum ratios we are subject to as of
January 1, 2019 could be higher than the amounts presented in the table above.      
 
 
 • 
   
   As of December 2016, in order to meet the quantitative requirements for being
“well-capitalized” under the Federal Reserve Board’s regulations, we must meet a higher required minimum Total capital ratio of 10.0%.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Tier 1 leverage ratio is defined as Tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average adjusted total
assets (which includes adjustments for goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, and certain investments in nonconsolidated financial institutions).  
 See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for information about the capital conservation buffer, the current G-SIB buffer and
the counter-cyclical capital buffer.    Our minimum required supplementary leverage ratio will be 5.0% on January 1, 2018. See
“Supplementary Leverage Ratio” below for further information.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 74 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
  Fully Phased-in Capital Ratios
 
  The table below presents our capital ratios calculated in accordance with the Standardized
Capital Rules and the Basel III Advanced Rules on a fully phased-in basis.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
 2015 
   
 
   Common shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 $  75,690 
   
   
   
 $  75,528 
   
 
   
   
 
   Deductions for goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net of deferred tax
liabilities 
   
   
 (3,015 
 )  
   
   
 (3,044 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Deductions for investments in nonconsolidated financial institutions 
   
   
 (765 
 )  
   
   
 (2,274 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Other adjustments 
   
   
 (799 
 )  
   
   
 (1,409 
 )  
 
   Total Common Equity Tier 1 
   
   
 71,111 
   
   
   
 68,801 
   
 
   Preferred stock 
   
   
 11,203 
   
   
   
 11,200 
   
 
   
   
 
   Deduction for investments in covered funds 
   
   
 (445 
 )  
   
   
 (413 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Other adjustments 
   
   
 (61 
 )  
   
   
 (128 
 )  
 
   Tier 1 capital 
   
   
 $  81,808 
   
   
   
 $  79,460 
   
 
   Standardized Tier 2 and Total capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tier 1 capital 
   
   
 $  81,808 
   
   
   
 $  79,460 
   
 
   
   
 
   Qualifying subordinated debt 
   
   
 14,566 
   
   
   
 15,132 
   
 
   
   
 
   Allowance for losses on loans and lending commitments 
   
   
 722 
   
   
   
 602 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other adjustments 
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (19 
 )  
 
   Standardized Tier 2 capital 
   
   
 15,282 
   
   
   
 15,715 
   
 
   Standardized Total capital 
   
   
 $  97,090 
   
   
   
 $  95,175 
   
 
   Basel III Advanced Tier 2 and Total capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tier 1 capital 
   
   
 $  81,808 
   
   
   
 $  79,460 
   
 
   
   
 
   Standardized Tier 2 capital 
   
   
 15,282 
   
   
   
 15,715 
   
 
   
   
 
   Allowance for losses on loans and lending commitments 
   
   
 (722 
 )  
   
   
 (602 
 )  
 
   Basel III Advanced Tier 2 capital 
   
   
 14,560 
   
   
   
 15,113 
   
 
   Basel III Advanced Total capital 
   
   
 $  96,368 
   
   
   
 $  94,573 
   
 
       RWAs 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Standardized 
   
   
 $507,807 
   
   
   
 $534,135 
   
 
   
   
 
   Basel III Advanced 
   
   
 560,786 
   
   
   
 587,319 
   
 
       CET1 ratio 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Standardized 
   
   
 14.0% 
   
   
   
 12.9% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Basel III Advanced 
   
   
 12.7% 
   
   
   
 11.7% 
   
 
       Tier 1 capital ratio 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Standardized 
   
   
 16.1% 
   
   
   
 14.9% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Basel III Advanced 
   
   
 14.6% 
   
   
   
 13.5% 
   
 
       Total capital ratio 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Standardized 
   
   
 19.1% 
   
   
   
 17.8% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Basel III Advanced 
   
   
 17.2% 
   
   
   
 16.1% 
   
   Although the fully phased-in capital ratios are not applicable until 2019, we believe that the ratios in the
table above are meaningful because they are measures that we, our regulators and investors use to assess our ability to meet future regulatory capital requirements. The fully phased-in Basel III Advanced and Standardized capital ratios are
non-GAAP measures and may not be comparable to similar non-GAAP measures used by other companies. These ratios are based on our current interpretation, expectations and understanding of the Revised Capital Framework and may evolve as we discuss the
interpretation and application of this framework with our regulators.
 
  In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The deductions for goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, include
goodwill of $3.67 billion and $3.66 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively, and identifiable intangible assets of $429 million and $491 million as of December 2016 and December 2015,
respectively, net of associated deferred tax liabilities of $1.08 billion and $1.10 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The deductions for investments in nonconsolidated financial institutions represent the amount by which our
investments in the capital of nonconsolidated financial institutions exceed certain prescribed thresholds. The decrease from December 2015 to December 2016 primarily reflects reductions in our fund investments.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The deduction for investments in covered funds represents our aggregate investments in applicable covered
funds, as permitted by the Volcker Rule, that were purchased after December 2013. Substantially all of these investments in covered funds were purchased in connection with our market-making activities. This deduction was not subject to a
transition period. See “Regulatory Developments” below for further information about the Volcker Rule.     
 
 
 • 
   
   Other adjustments within CET1 primarily include the overfunded portion of our defined benefit pension plan
obligation net of associated deferred tax liabilities, disallowed deferred tax assets, credit valuation adjustments on derivative liabilities, debt valuation adjustments and other required credit risk-based deductions.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Qualifying subordinated debt is subordinated debt issued by Group Inc. with an original maturity of five years
or greater. The outstanding amount of subordinated debt qualifying for Tier 2 capital is reduced upon reaching a remaining maturity of five years. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about our
subordinated debt.    See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for information about our transitional
capital ratios, which represent the ratios that are applicable to us as of December 2016 and December 2015.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 75 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Supplementary Leverage Ratio  
 The Revised Capital Framework includes a supplementary leverage ratio requirement for Advanced approach banking organizations. Under amendments
to the Revised Capital Framework, the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies approved a final rule that implements the supplementary leverage ratio aligned with the definition of leverage established by the Basel Committee. The supplementary leverage
ratio compares Tier 1 capital to a measure of leverage exposure, which consists of total daily average assets for the quarter and certain off-balance-sheet exposures (which include a measure of derivatives exposures and commitments), less
certain balance sheet deductions. The Revised Capital Framework requires a minimum supplementary leverage ratio of 5.0% (comprised of the minimum requirement of 3.0% and a 2.0% buffer) for U.S. bank holding companies deemed to be G-SIBs, effective
on January 1, 2018.    As of December 2016 and December 2015, our supplementary leverage ratio was 6.4% and 5.9%,
respectively, based on Tier 1 capital on a fully phased-in basis of $81.81 billion and $79.46 billion, respectively, divided by total leverage exposure of $1.27 trillion (consists of total daily average assets for the quarter of
$884 billion and certain off-balance-sheet exposures of $392 billion, less certain balance sheet deductions of $5 billion) and $1.34 trillion (consists of total daily average assets for the quarter of $878 billion and
certain off-balance-sheet exposures of $471 billion, less certain balance sheet deductions of $6 billion), respectively. Within total leverage exposure, the adjustments to quarterly average assets in both periods were primarily comprised
of off-balance-sheet exposures related to derivatives, secured financing transactions, commitments and guarantees.    This supplementary
leverage ratio is based on our current interpretation and understanding of the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies’ final rule and may evolve as we discuss the interpretation and application of this rule with our regulators.  
 Subsidiary Capital Requirements    Many of our
subsidiaries, including GS Bank USA and our broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to separate regulation and capital requirements of the jurisdictions in which they operate.
 
  GS Bank USA.  GS Bank USA is subject to regulatory capital requirements that are calculated in substantially the same manner as those applicable to bank holding companies and calculates its capital ratios in accordance with
the risk-based capital and leverage requirements applicable to state member banks, which are based on the Revised Capital Framework. See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the Revised Capital
Framework as it relates to GS Bank USA, including GS Bank USA’s capital ratios and required minimum ratios.    In addition, under
Federal Reserve Board rules, commencing on January 1, 2018, in order to be considered a “well-capitalized” depository institution, GS Bank USA must have a supplementary leverage ratio of 6.0% or greater. The supplementary
leverage ratio compares Tier 1 capital to a measure of leverage exposure, defined as total daily average assets for the quarter and certain off-balance-sheet exposures (which include a measure of derivatives exposures and commitments), less
certain balance sheet deductions. As of December 2016, GS Bank USA’s supplementary leverage ratio was 7.3%, based on Tier 1 capital on a fully phased-in basis of $24.48 billion, divided by total leverage exposure of
$333 billion (consists of total daily average assets for the quarter of $170 billion and certain off-balance-sheet exposures of $163 billion, less certain balance sheet deductions of $20 million). As of December 2015, GS
Bank USA’s supplementary leverage ratio was 7.1%, based on Tier 1 capital on a fully phased-in basis of $23.02 billion, divided by total leverage exposure of $324 billion (total daily average assets for the quarter of
$134 billion and certain off-balance-sheet exposures of $190 billion, less certain balance sheet deductions of $5 million). This supplementary leverage ratio is based on our current interpretation and understanding of this rule and
may evolve as we discuss their interpretation and application with our regulators.    GSI.  Our regulated U.K. broker-dealer, GSI, is one of our principal non-U.S. regulated subsidiaries and is regulated by the PRA and the Financial Conduct Authority. GSI is subject to the revised capital framework for
E.U.-regulated financial institutions prescribed in the E.U. Fourth Capital Requirements Directive (CRD IV) and the E.U. Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR). These capital regulations are largely based on Basel III.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 76 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  The table below presents GSI’s minimum required ratios.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   
   
   
 December 2016 Minimum Ratio 
     
    
   
 December 2015 Minimum Ratio 
     
 
   CET1 ratio 
   
   
 6.549% 
   
    
   
 6.1% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Tier 1 capital ratio 
   
   
 8.530% 
   
    
   
 8.2% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Total capital ratio 
   
   
 11.163% 
   
    
   
 10.9% 
   
   The minimum ratios in the table above incorporate capital guidance received from the PRA and could change in
the future. GSI’s future capital requirements may also be impacted by developments such as the introduction of capital buffers as described above in “Minimum Capital Ratios and Capital Buffers.”  
 As of December 2016, GSI had a CET1 ratio of 12.9%, a Tier 1 capital ratio of 12.9% and a Total capital ratio of 17.2%. Each of these
ratios includes approximately 71 basis points attributable to profit for the year ended December 2016. These ratios will be finalized upon the completion of GSI’s 2016 audit. As of December 2015, GSI had a CET1 ratio of 12.9%, a
Tier 1 capital ratio of 12.9% and a Total capital ratio of 17.6%.    In November 2016, the European Commission proposed amendments
to the CRR to implement a 3% minimum leverage ratio requirement for certain E.U. financial institutions. This leverage ratio compares the CRR’s definition of Tier 1 capital to a measure of leverage exposure, defined as the sum of assets
plus certain off-balance-sheet exposures (which include a measure of derivatives exposures, securities financing transactions and commitments), less Tier 1 capital deductions. Any required minimum ratio is expected to become effective for GSI
no earlier than January 1, 2018. As of December 2016 and December 2015, GSI had a leverage ratio of 3.8% and 3.6%, respectively. The ratio as of December 2016 includes approximately 21 basis points attributable to profit for
the year ended December 2016. This leverage ratio is based on our current interpretation and understanding of this rule and may evolve as we discuss the interpretation and application of this rule with GSI’s regulators.  
 Other Subsidiaries.  The capital requirements of several
of our subsidiaries may increase in the future due to the various developments arising from the Basel Committee, the Dodd-Frank Act, and other governmental entities and regulators. See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for
information about the capital requirements of our other regulated subsidiaries.
 
  Subsidiaries not subject to separate regulatory capital requirements may hold capital to satisfy
local tax and legal guidelines, rating agency requirements (for entities with assigned credit ratings) or internal policies, including policies concerning the minimum amount of capital a subsidiary should hold based on its underlying level of risk.
In certain instances, Group Inc. may be limited in its ability to access capital held at certain subsidiaries as a result of regulatory, tax or other constraints. As of December 2016 and December 2015, Group Inc.’s equity investment
in subsidiaries was $92.77 billion and $85.52 billion, respectively, compared with its total shareholders’ equity of $86.89 billion and $86.73 billion, respectively.  
 Our capital invested in non-U.S. subsidiaries is generally exposed to foreign exchange risk, substantially all of which is managed through a
combination of derivatives and non-U.S. denominated debt. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for information about our net investment hedges, which are used to hedge this risk.  
 Guarantees of Subsidiaries.  Group Inc. has guaranteed
the payment obligations of GS&Co. and GS Bank USA, in each case subject to certain exceptions.    Regulatory Developments
   Our businesses are subject to significant and evolving regulation. The Dodd-Frank Act, enacted in July 2010, significantly
altered the financial regulatory regime within which we operate. In addition, other reforms have been adopted or are being considered by regulators and policy makers worldwide. Given that many of the new and proposed rules are highly complex, the
full impact of regulatory reform will not be known until the rules are implemented and market practices develop under the final regulations.  
 There has been increased regulation of, and limitations on, our activities, including the Dodd-Frank Act prohibition on “proprietary
trading” and the limitation on the sponsorship of, and investment in, “covered funds” (as defined in the Volcker Rule). In addition, there is increased regulation of, and restrictions on, OTC derivatives markets and transactions,
particularly related to swaps and security-based swaps.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 77 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  See “Business — Regulation” in Part I, Item 1 of this  Form 10-K  for more information about the laws, rules and regulations and proposed laws, rules and regulations that apply to us and our operations. In addition, see Note 20 to the consolidated financial
statements for information about regulatory developments as they relate to our regulatory capital and leverage ratios.    Volcker Rule  
 The provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act referred to as the “Volcker Rule” became effective in July 2015 (subject to a conformance
period, as applicable). The Volcker Rule prohibits “proprietary trading,” but permits activities such as underwriting, market making and risk-mitigation hedging, requires an extensive compliance program and includes additional reporting
and record-keeping requirements. The initial implementation of these rules did not have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, the rule is highly complex, and its impact may change as market
practices further develop.    In addition to the prohibition on proprietary trading, the Volcker Rule limits the sponsorship of, and
investment in, covered funds by banking entities, including Group Inc. and its subsidiaries. It also limits certain types of transactions between us and our sponsored funds, similar to the limitations on transactions between depository institutions
and their affiliates as described in “Business — Regulation” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. Covered funds include our private equity funds, certain of our credit and real estate funds, our hedge funds and
certain other investment structures. The limitation on investments in covered funds requires us to reduce our investment in each such fund to 3% or less of the fund’s net asset value, and to reduce our aggregate investment in all such funds to
3% or less of our Tier 1 capital.    Our investments in applicable covered funds purchased after December 2013 are required to be
deducted from Tier 1 capital. See “Equity Capital Management and Regulatory Capital — Fully Phased-in Capital Ratios” for further information about our Tier 1 capital and the deduction for investments in covered funds.
   We continue to manage our existing interests in such funds, taking into account the conformance period under the Volcker Rule. We plan to
continue to conduct our investing and lending activities in ways that are permissible under the Volcker Rule.
 
  Our current investment in funds at NAV is $6.47 billion. In order to be compliant with the
Volcker Rule, we will be required to reduce most of our interests in these funds by the end of the conformance period. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our investment in funds at NAV and the
conformance period for covered funds.    Although our net revenues from our interests in private equity, credit, real estate and hedge funds
may vary from period to period, our aggregate net revenues from these investments were approximately 3% and 5% of our aggregate total net revenues over the last 10 years and 5 years, respectively.  
 Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity    In
December 2016, the Federal Reserve Board adopted a final rule, which establishes new total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) and related requirements for U.S. bank holding companies designated as G-SIBs. The rule will be effective in
January 2019, with no phase-in period, and has been designed so that, in the event of a G-SIB’s failure, there will be sufficient external loss-absorbing capacity available in order for authorities to implement an orderly resolution of the
G-SIB. The rule (i) establishes minimum TLAC requirements, (ii) establishes minimum eligible long-term debt requirements, (iii) prohibits certain holding company transactions and (iv) caps the amount of G-SIB liabilities that are
not eligible long-term debt.    We expect that we will be compliant with the TLAC requirements by the effective date. See
“Business — Regulation” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K for further information about the Federal Reserve Board’s TLAC rule.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 78 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Other Regulatory Developments  
 In September 2016, the final margin rules issued by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies and the CFTC for uncleared swaps became
effective. These rules will phase in through March 2017 for variation margin requirements and through September 2020 for initial margin requirements depending on the level of swaps, security-based swaps and/or exempt foreign exchange
derivative transaction activity of the swap dealer and the relevant counterparty. The final rules of the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies generally apply to inter-affiliate transactions, with limited relief available from initial margin
requirements for affiliates.    Under the CFTC final rules, inter-affiliate transactions are exempt from initial margin requirements with
certain exceptions but variation margin requirements still apply. We expect that our margin requirements will continue to increase as the rules phase in. Japanese regulators have implemented broadly similar rules and regulators in other major
jurisdictions are expected to do so over the next several quarters.    See “Business — Regulation” in Part I,
Item 1 of this  Form 10-K  for further information about regulations that may impact us in the future.
 
  Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements  and Contractual Obligations  
 Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements    We have various
types of off-balance-sheet arrangements that we enter into in the ordinary course of business. Our involvement in these arrangements can take many different forms, including:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Purchasing or retaining residual and other interests in special purpose entities such as mortgage-backed and
other asset-backed securitization vehicles;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Holding senior and subordinated debt, interests in limited and general partnerships, and preferred and common
stock in other nonconsolidated vehicles;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Entering into interest rate, foreign currency, equity, commodity and credit derivatives, including total
return swaps;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Entering into operating leases; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Providing guarantees, indemnifications, commitments, letters of credit and representations and warranties.
   We enter into these arrangements for a variety of business purposes, including securitizations. The securitization
vehicles that purchase mortgages, corporate bonds, and other types of financial assets are critical to the functioning of several significant investor markets, including the mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities markets, since they offer
investors access to specific cash flows and risks created through the securitization process.    We also enter into these arrangements to
underwrite client securitization transactions; provide secondary market liquidity; make investments in performing and nonperforming debt, equity, real estate and other assets; provide investors with credit-linked and asset-repackaged notes; and
receive or provide letters of credit to satisfy margin requirements and to facilitate the clearance and settlement process.    Our financial
interests in, and derivative transactions with, such nonconsolidated entities are generally accounted for at fair value, in the same manner as our other financial instruments, except in cases where we apply the equity method of accounting.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 79 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  The table below presents where information about our various off-balance-sheet arrangements may
be found in this  Form 10-K.  In addition, see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for information about our consolidation policies.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Type of Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangement 
   
   
   
 Disclosure in Form 10-K 
 
   Variable interests and other obligations, including contingent obligations, arising from variable interests in nonconsolidated
VIEs 
   
 
   
   See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Leases, letters of credit, and lending and other commitments 
   
 
   
   See “Contractual Obligations” below and Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Guarantees 
   
 
   
   See “Contractual Obligations” below and Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
   
 
   Derivatives 
   
   
   
   See “Credit Risk Management — Credit Exposures — OTC
Derivatives” below and Notes 4, 5, 7 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements. 
   Contractual Obligations  
 We have certain contractual obligations which require us to make future cash payments. These contractual obligations include our unsecured
long-term borrowings, secured long-term financings, time deposits and contractual interest payments, all of which are included in our consolidated statements of financial condition.  
 Our obligations to make future cash payments also include certain off-balance-sheet contractual obligations such as purchase obligations,
minimum rental payments under noncancelable leases and commitments and guarantees.
 
  The table below presents our contractual obligations, commitments and guarantees by type.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
 2015 
   
 
   Amounts related to on-balance-sheet obligations 
     
   
 
 
 
 
   Time deposits 
   
   
 $  27,394 
   
   
   
 $  25,748 
   
 
   
   
 
   Secured long-term financings 
   
   
 8,405 
   
   
   
 10,520 
   
 
   
   
 
   Unsecured long-term borrowings 
   
   
 189,086 
   
   
   
 175,422 
   
 
   
   
 
   Contractual interest payments 
   
   
 54,552 
   
   
   
 59,327 
   
 
   
   
 
   Subordinated liabilities of consolidated VIEs 
   
   
 584 
   
   
   
 501 
   
 
   
   
 
   Amounts related to off-balance-sheet arrangements 
     
   
 
 
 
 
   Commitments to extend credit 
   
   
 112,056 
   
   
   
 117,158 
   
 
   
   
 
   Contingent and forward starting resale and securities borrowing agreements 
   
   
 25,348 
   
   
   
 28,874 
   
 
   
   
 
   Forward starting repurchase and secured lending agreements 
   
   
 8,939 
   
   
   
 5,878 
   
 
   
   
 
   Letters of credit 
   
   
 373 
   
   
   
 249 
   
 
   
   
 
   Investment commitments 
   
   
 8,444 
   
   
   
 6,054 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other commitments 
   
   
 6,014 
   
   
   
 6,944 
   
 
   
   
 
   Minimum rental payments 
   
   
 1,941 
   
   
   
 2,575 
   
 
   
   
 
   Derivative guarantees 
   
   
 816,774 
   
   
   
 926,443 
   
 
   
   
 
   Securities lending indemnifications 
   
   
 33,403 
   
   
   
 31,902 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other financial guarantees 
   
   
 3,662 
   
   
   
 4,461 
   
   The table below presents our contractual obligations, commitments and guarantees by period of expiration.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 2016 


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
   
 2018 - 2019 
     
   
   
 2020 - 2021 
     
   
 2022 - Thereafter 
 
   Amounts related to on-balance-sheet obligations 
     
   
 
 
   Time deposits 
   
   
 $         — 
   
   
   
 $  11,896 
   
   
   
 $  7,612 
   
   
 $  7,886 
 
   
 
   Secured long-term financings 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 6,277 
   
   
   
 1,479 
   
   
 649 
 
   
 
   Unsecured long-term borrowings 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 52,298 
   
   
   
 39,154 
   
   
 97,634 
 
   
 
   Contractual interest payments 
   
   
 6,394 
   
   
   
 11,083 
   
   
   
 8,104 
   
   
 28,971 
 
   
 
   Subordinated liabilities of consolidated VIEs 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 584 
 
   
 
   Amounts related to off-balance-sheet arrangements 
     
   
 
 
   Commitments to extend credit 
   
   
 22,358 
   
   
   
 24,905 
   
   
   
 58,412 
   
   
 6,381 
 
   
 
   Contingent and forward starting resale and securities borrowing agreements 
   
   
 25,348 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
 
   
 
   Forward starting repurchase and secured lending agreements 
   
   
 8,939 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
 
   
 
   Letters of credit 
   
   
 308 
   
   
   
 21 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 44 
 
   
 
   Investment commitments 
   
   
 6,713 
   
   
   
 415 
   
   
   
 108 
   
   
 1,208 
 
   
 
   Other commitments 
   
   
 5,756 
   
   
   
 200 
   
   
   
 15 
   
   
 43 
 
   
 
   Minimum rental payments 
   
   
 290 
   
   
   
 520 
   
   
   
 365 
   
   
 766 
 
   
 
   Derivative guarantees 
   
   
 432,328 
   
   
   
 261,676 
   
   
   
 71,264 
   
   
 51,506 
 
   
 
   Securities lending indemnifications 
   
   
 33,403 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
 
   
 
   Other financial guarantees 
   
   
 1,064 
   
   
   
 763 
   
   
   
 1,662 
   
   
 173 
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 80 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The 2017 column includes a total of $1.49 billion of investment commitments to covered funds (as defined
by the Volcker Rule) subject to the Volcker Rule conformance period. We expect that substantially all of these commitments will not be called. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for information about the Volcker Rule
conformance period.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Obligations maturing within one year of our financial statement date or redeemable within one year of our
financial statement date at the option of the holders are excluded as they are treated as short-term obligations.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Obligations that are repayable prior to maturity at our option are reflected at their contractual maturity
dates and obligations that are redeemable prior to maturity at the option of the holders are reflected at the earliest dates such options become exercisable.      

 
 
 • 
   
   Amounts included in the table do not necessarily reflect the actual future cash flow requirements for these
arrangements because commitments and guarantees represent notional amounts and may expire unused or be reduced or cancelled at the counterparty’s request.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Due to the uncertainty of the timing and amounts that will ultimately be paid, our liability for unrecognized
tax benefits has been excluded. See Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unrecognized tax benefits.      
 
 
 • 
   
   As of December 2016, unsecured long-term borrowings includes $7.43 billion of adjustments to the
carrying value of certain unsecured long-term borrowings resulting from the application of hedge accounting.      
 
 
 • 
   
   As of December 2016, the aggregate contractual principal amount of secured long-term financings and
unsecured long-term borrowings for which the fair value option was elected exceeded the related fair value by $361 million and $1.56 billion, respectively.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Contractual interest payments represents estimated future interest payments related to unsecured long-term
borrowings, secured long-term financings and time deposits based on applicable interest rates as of December 2016, and includes stated coupons, if any, on structured notes.  
 See Notes 15 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our short-term borrowings, and commitments and
guarantees, respectively.  
  As of December 2016, our unsecured long-term borrowings were $189.09 billion, with
maturities extending to 2056, and consisted principally of senior borrowings. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unsecured long-term borrowings.  
 As of December 2016, our future minimum rental payments, net of minimum sublease rentals under noncancelable leases, were
$1.94 billion. These lease commitments for office space expire on various dates through 2069. Certain agreements are subject to periodic escalation provisions for increases in real estate taxes and other charges. See Note 18 to the
consolidated financial statements for further information about our leases.    Our occupancy expenses include costs associated with office
space held in excess of our current requirements. This excess space, the cost of which is charged to earnings as incurred, is being held for potential growth or to replace currently occupied space that we may exit in the future. We regularly
evaluate our current and future space capacity in relation to current and projected staffing levels. For 2016, we incurred exit costs of approximately $68 million related to office space held in excess of our current requirements. Additional
occupancy expenses for excess office space were not material for 2016. We may incur exit costs in the future to the extent we (i) reduce our space capacity or (ii) commit to, or occupy, new properties in the locations in which we operate
and, consequently, dispose of existing space that had been held for potential growth. These exit costs may be material to our results of operations in a given period.  
 Risk Management    Risks
are inherent in our business and include liquidity, market, credit, operational, model, legal, regulatory and reputational risks. For further information about our risk management processes, see “— Overview and Structure of Risk
Management” below. Our risks include the risks across our risk categories, regions or global businesses, as well as those which have uncertain outcomes and have the potential to materially impact our financial results, our liquidity and our
reputation. For further information about our areas of risk, see “— Liquidity Risk Management,” “— Market Risk Management,” “— Credit Risk Management,” “— Operational Risk Management” and
“— Model Risk Management” below and “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this  Form 10-K. 
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 81 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Overview and Structure of Risk Management
 
    
  Overview
 
  We believe that effective risk management is of primary importance to our success. Accordingly,
we have comprehensive risk management processes through which we monitor, evaluate and manage the risks we assume in conducting our activities. These include liquidity, market, credit, operational, model, legal, compliance, regulatory and
reputational risk exposures. Our risk management framework is built around three core components: governance, processes and people.    Governance.  Risk management governance starts with our Board, which plays an important role in reviewing and approving risk management policies and practices, both
directly and through its committees, including its Risk Committee. The Board also receives regular briefings on firmwide risks, including market risk, liquidity risk, credit risk, operational risk and model risk from our independent control and
support functions, including the chief risk officer, and on compliance risk from the head of Compliance, on legal and regulatory matters from the general counsel, and on other matters impacting our reputation from the chair of our Firmwide Client
and Business Standards Committee. The chief risk officer, as part of the review of the firmwide risk portfolio, regularly advises the Risk Committee of the Board of relevant risk metrics and material exposures. Next, at our most senior levels, our
leaders are experienced risk managers, with a sophisticated and detailed understanding of the risks we take. Our senior management, and senior managers in our revenue-producing units and independent control and support functions, lead and
participate in risk-oriented committees. Independent control and support functions include Compliance, the Conflicts Resolution Group (Conflicts), Controllers, Credit Risk Management and Advisory (Credit Risk Management), Human Capital Management,
Legal, Liquidity Risk Management and Analysis (Liquidity Risk Management), Market Risk Management and Analysis (Market Risk Management), Model Risk Management, Operations, Operational Risk Management and Analysis (Operational Risk Management), Tax,
Technology and Treasury.    Our governance structure provides the protocol and responsibility for decision-making on risk management
issues and ensures implementation of those decisions. We make extensive use of risk-related committees that meet regularly and serve as an important means to facilitate and foster ongoing discussions to identify, manage and mitigate risks.
 
  We maintain strong communication about risk and we have a culture of collaboration in
decision-making among the revenue-producing units, independent control and support functions, committees and senior management. While we believe that the first line of defense in managing risk rests with the managers in our revenue-producing units,
we dedicate extensive resources to independent control and support functions in order to ensure a strong oversight structure and an appropriate segregation of duties. We regularly reinforce our strong culture of escalation and accountability across
all divisions and functions.    Processes.  We
maintain various processes and procedures that are critical components of our risk management. First and foremost is our daily discipline of marking substantially all of our inventory to current market levels. We carry our inventory at fair value,
with changes in valuation reflected immediately in our risk management systems and in net revenues. We do so because we believe this discipline is one of the most effective tools for assessing and managing risk and that it provides transparent and
realistic insight into our financial exposures.    We also apply a rigorous framework of limits to control risk across transactions,
products, businesses and markets. This includes approval of limits at firmwide, business and product levels by the Risk Committee of the Board. In addition, the Firmwide Risk Committee is responsible for approving our risk limits framework, subject
to the overall limits approved by the Risk Committee of the Board, at a variety of levels and monitoring these limits on a daily basis. The Risk Governance Committee (through delegated authority from the Firmwide Risk Committee) is responsible for
approving limits at firmwide, business and product levels. Certain limits may be set at levels that will require periodic adjustment, rather than at levels which reflect our maximum risk appetite. This fosters an ongoing dialogue on risk among
revenue-producing units, independent control and support functions, committees and senior management, as well as rapid escalation of risk-related matters. See “Liquidity Risk Management,” “Market Risk Management” and “Credit
Risk Management” for further information about our risk limits.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 82 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Active management of our positions is another important process. Proactive mitigation of our
market and credit exposures minimizes the risk that we will be required to take outsized actions during periods of stress.    We also focus
on the rigor and effectiveness of our risk systems. The goal of our risk management technology is to get the right information to the right people at the right time, which requires systems that are comprehensive, reliable and timely. We devote
significant time and resources to our risk management technology to ensure that it consistently provides us with complete, accurate and timely information.  
 People.  Even the best technology serves only as a tool
for helping to make informed decisions in real time about the risks we are taking. Ultimately, effective risk management requires our people to interpret our risk data on an ongoing and timely basis and adjust risk positions accordingly. In both our
revenue-producing units and our independent control and support functions, the experience of our professionals, and their understanding of the nuances and limitations of each risk measure, guide us in assessing exposures and maintaining them within
prudent levels.    We reinforce a culture of effective risk management in our training and development programs as well as the way we
evaluate performance, and recognize and reward our people. Our training and development programs, including certain sessions led by our most senior leaders, are focused on the importance of risk management, client relationships and reputational
excellence. As part of our annual performance review process, we assess reputational excellence including how an employee exercises good risk management and reputational judgment, and adheres to our code of conduct and compliance policies. Our
review and reward processes are designed to communicate and reinforce to our professionals the link between behavior and how people are recognized, the need to focus on our clients and our reputation, and the need to always act in accordance with
the highest standards of the firm.  
  Structure  
 Ultimate oversight of risk is the responsibility of our Board. The Board oversees risk both directly and through its committees, including its
Risk Committee. Within the firm, a series of committees with specific risk management mandates have oversight or decision-making responsibilities for risk management activities. Committee membership generally consists of senior managers from both
our revenue-producing units and our independent control and support functions. We have established procedures for these committees to ensure that appropriate information barriers are in place. Our primary risk committees, most of which also have
additional sub-committees or working groups, are described below. In addition to these committees, we have other risk-oriented committees which provide oversight for different businesses, activities, products, regions and legal entities. All of our
firmwide, regional and divisional committees have responsibility for considering the impact of transactions and activities which they oversee on our reputation.  
 Membership of our risk committees is reviewed regularly and updated to reflect changes in the responsibilities of the committee members.
Accordingly, the length of time that members serve on the respective committees varies as determined by the committee chairs and based on the responsibilities of the members.  
 In addition, independent control and support functions, which report to the chief executive officer, the presidents and co-chief operating
officers, the chief financial officer or the chief risk officer, are responsible for day-to-day oversight or monitoring of risk, as illustrated in the chart below and as described in greater detail in the following sections. Internal Audit, which
reports to the Audit Committee of the Board and includes professionals with a broad range of audit and industry experience, including risk management expertise, is responsible for independently assessing and validating key controls within the risk
management framework.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 83 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  The chart below presents an overview of our risk management governance structure, including the
reporting relationships of our independent control and support functions.        


 
    Management
Committee.  The Management Committee oversees our global activities, including all of our independent control and support functions. It provides this oversight directly and through authority
delegated to committees it has established. This committee is comprised of our most senior leaders, and is chaired by our chief executive officer. Most members of the Management Committee are also members of other firmwide, divisional and regional
committees. The following are the committees that are principally involved in firmwide risk management.    Firmwide Client and Business Standards Committee.  The Firmwide Client and Business Standards Committee assesses and makes determinations regarding business standards
and practices, reputational risk management, client relationships and client service, is chaired by one of our presidents and co-chief operating officers (who is appointed as chair by the chief executive officer), and reports to the Management
Committee. This committee also has responsibility for overseeing recommendations of the Business Standards Committee. This committee periodically updates and receives guidance from the Public Responsibilities Committee of the Board. This committee
has also established certain committees that report to it, including divisional Client and Business Standards Committees and risk-related committees.
 
  The following are the risk-related committees that report to the Firmwide Client and Business
Standards Committee:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Firmwide New Activity Committee.  The Firmwide New Activity
Committee is responsible for reviewing new activities and for establishing a process to identify and review previously approved activities that are significant and that have changed in complexity and/or structure or present different reputational
and suitability concerns over time to consider whether these activities remain appropriate. This committee is co-chaired by our global treasurer and the chief administrative officer of our Investment Management Division, who are appointed as
co-chairs by the chair of the Firmwide Client and Business Standards Committee.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee.  The Firmwide Reputational
Risk Committee is responsible for assessing reputational risks arising from transactions that have been identified as requiring mandatory escalation to the Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee or that otherwise have potential heightened reputational
risk. This committee is chaired by one of our presidents and co-chief operating officers (who is appointed as chair by the chief executive officer), and the vice-chairs are the head of Compliance and the head of the Conflicts Resolution Group, who
are appointed as vice-chairs by the chair of the Firmwide Client and Business Standards Committee.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Firmwide Suitability Committee.  The Firmwide Suitability
Committee is responsible for setting standards and policies for product, transaction and client suitability and providing a forum for consistency across divisions, regions and products on suitability assessments. This committee also reviews
suitability matters escalated from other committees. This committee is co-chaired by the deputy head of Compliance, and the chief strategy officer of the Securities Division and co-head of Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Sales, who are
appointed as co-chairs by the chair of the Firmwide Client and Business Standards Committee.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 84 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Firmwide Risk Committee.  The Firmwide Risk Committee is globally responsible for the ongoing monitoring and management of our financial risks. The Firmwide Risk Committee approves our risk limits framework, metrics and methodologies,
reviews results of stress tests and scenario analyses, and provides oversight over model risk. This committee is co-chaired by our chief financial officer and our chief risk officer (who are appointed as co-chairs by the chief executive officer),
and reports to the Management Committee. The following are the primary committees that report to the Firmwide Risk Committee:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Credit Policy Committee.  The Credit Policy Committee establishes
and reviews broad firmwide credit policies and parameters that are implemented by Credit Risk Management. This committee is co-chaired by a deputy chief risk officer and the head of Credit Risk Management for our Securities Division, who are
appointed as co-chairs by our chief risk officer.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Firmwide Finance Committee.  The Firmwide Finance Committee has
oversight responsibility for liquidity risk, the size and composition of our balance sheet and capital base, and credit ratings. This committee regularly reviews our liquidity, balance sheet, funding position and capitalization, approves related
policies, and makes recommendations as to any adjustments to be made in light of current events, risks, exposures and regulatory requirements. As a part of such oversight, among other things, this committee reviews and approves balance sheet limits
and the size of our GCLA. This committee is co-chaired by our chief risk officer and our global treasurer, who are appointed as co-chairs by the Firmwide Risk Committee.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Firmwide Investment Policy Committee.  The Firmwide Investment
Policy Committee reviews, approves, sets policies, and provides oversight for certain illiquid principal investments, including review of risk management and controls for these types of investments. This committee is co-chaired by the head of our
Merchant Banking Division, a co-head of our Securities Division and a deputy general counsel, who are appointed as co-chairs by our presidents and co-chief operating officers and our chief financial officer.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Firmwide Model Risk Control Committee.  The Firmwide Model Risk
Control Committee is responsible for oversight of the development and implementation of model risk controls, which includes governance, policies and procedures related to our reliance on financial models. This committee is chaired by a deputy chief
risk officer, who is appointed as chair by the Firmwide Risk Committee.
 

 
 
 • 
   
   Firmwide Operational Risk Committee.  The Firmwide Operational
Risk Committee provides oversight of the ongoing development and implementation of our operational risk policies, framework and methodologies, and monitors the effectiveness of operational risk management. This committee is co-chaired by managing
directors in Credit Risk Management and Operational Risk Management, who are appointed as co-chairs by our chief risk officer.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Firmwide Technology Risk Committee.  The Firmwide Technology Risk
Committee reviews matters related to the design, development, deployment and use of technology. This committee oversees cyber security matters, as well as technology risk management frameworks and methodologies, and monitors their effectiveness.
This committee is co-chaired by our chief information officer and the head of Global Investment Research, who are appointed as co-chairs by the Firmwide Risk Committee.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Firmwide Volcker Oversight Committee.  The Firmwide Volcker
Oversight Committee is responsible for the oversight and periodic review of the implementation of our Volcker Rule compliance program, as approved by the Board, and other Volcker Rule-related matters. This committee is co-chaired by a deputy chief
risk officer and the deputy head of Compliance, who are appointed as co-chairs by the co-chairs of the Firmwide Risk Committee.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Global Business Resilience Committee.  The Global Business
Resilience Committee is responsible for oversight of business resilience initiatives, promoting increased levels of security and resilience, and reviewing certain operating risks related to business resilience. This committee is chaired by our chief
administrative officer, who is appointed as chair by the Firmwide Risk Committee.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Risk Governance Committee.  The Risk Governance Committee
(through delegated authority from the Firmwide Risk Committee) is globally responsible for the ongoing approval and monitoring of risk frameworks, policies, parameters and limits, at firmwide, business and product levels. This committee is chaired
by our chief risk officer, who is appointed as chair by the co-chairs of the Firmwide Risk Committee.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 85 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  The following committees report jointly to the Firmwide Risk Committee and the Firmwide Client
and Business Standards Committee:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Firmwide Capital Committee.  The Firmwide Capital Committee
provides approval and oversight of debt-related transactions, including principal commitments of our capital. This committee aims to ensure that business and reputational standards for underwritings and capital commitments are maintained on a global
basis. This committee is co-chaired by the head of Credit Risk Management for our Investment Banking Division, Investment Management Division and Merchant Banking Division, and the head of the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) Financing Group.
The co-chairs of the Firmwide Capital Committee are appointed by the co-chairs of the Firmwide Risk Committee.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Firmwide Commitments Committee.  The Firmwide Commitments
Committee reviews our underwriting and distribution activities with respect to equity and equity-related product offerings, and sets and maintains policies and procedures designed to ensure that legal, reputational, regulatory and business standards
are maintained on a global basis. In addition to reviewing specific transactions, this committee periodically conducts general strategic reviews of sectors and products and establishes policies in connection with transaction practices. This
committee is co-chaired by the chairman of the Financial Institutions Group in our Investment Banking Division, the co-head of the Industrials group in our Investment Banking Division, our chief underwriting officer, and a managing director in Risk
Management, who are appointed as co-chairs by the chair of the Firmwide Client and Business Standards Committee.
 
  Conflicts Management  
 Conflicts of interest and our approach to dealing with them are fundamental to our client relationships, our reputation and our long-term
success. The term “conflict of interest” does not have a universally accepted meaning, and conflicts can arise in many forms within a business or between businesses. The responsibility for identifying potential conflicts, as well as
complying with our policies and procedures, is shared by the entire firm.    We have a multilayered approach to resolving conflicts and
addressing reputational risk. Our senior management oversees policies related to conflicts resolution, and, in conjunction with Conflicts, Legal and Compliance, the Firmwide Client and Business Standards Committee, and other internal committees,
formulates policies, standards and principles, and assists in making judgments regarding the appropriate resolution of particular conflicts. Resolving potential conflicts necessarily depends on the facts and circumstances of a particular situation
and the application of experienced and informed judgment.    As a general matter, Conflicts reviews financing and advisory assignments in
Investment Banking and certain investing, lending and other activities of the firm. In addition, we have various transaction oversight committees, such as the Firmwide Capital, Commitments and Suitability Committees and other committees that also
review new underwritings, loans, investments and structured products. These groups and committees work with internal and external counsel and Compliance to evaluate and address any actual or potential conflicts. Conflicts reports to one of our
presidents and co-chief operating officers.    We regularly assess our policies and procedures that address conflicts of interest in an
effort to conduct our business in accordance with the highest ethical standards and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 86 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
  Liquidity Risk Management  
   
  Overview  
 Liquidity risk is the risk that we will be unable to fund the firm or meet our liquidity needs in the event of firm-specific, broader industry,
or market liquidity stress events. Liquidity is of critical importance to us, as most of the failures of financial institutions have occurred in large part due to insufficient liquidity. Accordingly, we have in place a comprehensive and conservative
set of liquidity and funding policies. Our principal objective is to be able to fund the firm and to enable our core businesses to continue to serve clients and generate revenues, even under adverse circumstances.  
 Treasury has the primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our liquidity and funding strategy. Treasury is independent of
the revenue-producing units and reports to our chief financial officer.    Liquidity Risk Management is an independent risk management
function responsible for control and oversight of our liquidity risk management framework, including stress testing and limit governance. Liquidity Risk Management is independent of the revenue-producing units and Treasury, and reports to our chief
risk officer.    Liquidity Risk Management Principles  
 We manage liquidity risk according to three principles (i) hold sufficient excess liquidity in the form of Global Core Liquid Assets
(GCLA) to cover outflows during a stressed period, (ii) maintain appropriate Asset-Liability Management and (iii) maintain a viable Contingency Funding Plan.  
 Global Core Liquid Assets.  GCLA is liquidity that we
maintain to meet a broad range of potential cash outflows and collateral needs in a stressed environment. Our most important liquidity policy is to pre-fund our estimated potential cash and collateral needs during a liquidity crisis and hold this
liquidity in the form of unencumbered, highly liquid securities and cash. We believe that the securities held in our GCLA would be readily convertible to cash in a matter of days, through liquidation, by entering into repurchase agreements or from
maturities of resale agreements, and that this cash would allow us to meet immediate obligations without needing to sell other assets or depend on additional funding from credit-sensitive markets.
 
  Our GCLA reflects the following principles:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The first days or weeks of a liquidity crisis are the most critical to a company’s survival;
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Focus must be maintained on all potential cash and collateral outflows, not just disruptions to financing
flows. Our businesses are diverse, and our liquidity needs are determined by many factors, including market movements, collateral requirements and client commitments, all of which can change dramatically in a difficult funding environment;
     
 
 
 • 
   
   During a liquidity crisis, credit-sensitive funding, including unsecured debt and some types of secured
financing agreements, may be unavailable, and the terms (e.g., interest rates, collateral provisions and tenor) or availability of other types of secured financing may change; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   As a result of our policy to pre-fund liquidity that we estimate may be needed in a crisis, we hold more
unencumbered securities and have larger debt balances than our businesses would otherwise require. We believe that our liquidity is stronger with greater balances of highly liquid unencumbered securities, even though it increases our total assets
and our funding costs.    We maintain our GCLA across major broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries, asset types, and clearing
agents to provide us with sufficient operating liquidity to ensure timely settlement in all major markets, even in a difficult funding environment. In addition to the GCLA, we maintain cash balances in several of our other entities, primarily for
use in specific currencies, entities, or jurisdictions where we do not have immediate access to parent company liquidity.    We believe that
our GCLA provides us with a resilient source of funds that would be available in advance of potential cash and collateral outflows and gives us significant flexibility in managing through a difficult funding environment.  
 Asset-Liability Management.  Our liquidity risk
management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across markets, products and counterparties, and seek
to maintain a long-dated and diversified funding profile, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 87 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Our approach to asset-liability management includes:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Conservatively managing the overall characteristics of our funding book, with a focus on maintaining
long-term, diversified sources of funding in excess of our current requirements. See “Balance Sheet and Funding Sources — Funding Sources” for additional details;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Actively managing and monitoring our asset base, with particular focus on the liquidity, holding period and
our ability to fund assets on a secured basis. We assess our funding requirements and our ability to liquidate assets in a stressed environment while appropriately managing risk. This enables us to determine the most appropriate funding products and
tenors. See “Balance Sheet and Funding Sources — Balance Sheet Management” for more detail on our balance sheet management process and “— Funding Sources — Secured Funding” for more detail on asset
classes that may be harder to fund on a secured basis; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   Raising secured and unsecured financing that has a long tenor relative to the liquidity profile of our assets.
This reduces the risk that our liabilities will come due in advance of our ability to generate liquidity from the sale of our assets. Because we maintain a highly liquid balance sheet, the holding period of certain of our assets may be materially
shorter than their contractual maturity dates.    Our goal is to ensure that we maintain sufficient liquidity to fund our
assets and meet our contractual and contingent obligations in normal times as well as during periods of market stress. Through our dynamic balance sheet management process, we use actual and projected asset balances to determine secured and
unsecured funding requirements. Funding plans are reviewed and approved by the Firmwide Finance Committee on a quarterly basis. In addition, senior managers in our independent control and support functions regularly analyze, and the Firmwide Finance
Committee reviews, our consolidated total capital position (unsecured long-term borrowings plus total shareholders’ equity) so that we maintain a level of long-term funding that is sufficient to meet our long-term financing requirements. In a
liquidity crisis, we would first use our GCLA in order to avoid reliance on asset sales (other than our GCLA). However, we recognize that orderly asset sales may be prudent or necessary in a severe or persistent liquidity crisis.
 
  Subsidiary Funding Policies  
 The majority of our unsecured funding is raised by Group Inc. which lends the necessary funds to its subsidiaries, some of which are regulated,
to meet their asset financing, liquidity and capital requirements. In addition, Group Inc. provides its regulated subsidiaries with the necessary capital to meet their regulatory requirements. The benefits of this approach to subsidiary funding are
enhanced control and greater flexibility to meet the funding requirements of our subsidiaries. Funding is also raised at the subsidiary level through a variety of products, including secured funding, unsecured borrowings and deposits.  
 Our intercompany funding policies assume that, unless legally provided for, a subsidiary’s funds or securities are not freely available to
its parent or other subsidiaries. In particular, many of our subsidiaries are subject to laws that authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to Group Inc. Regulatory action of that kind could impede
access to funds that Group Inc. needs to make payments on its obligations. Accordingly, we assume that the capital provided to our regulated subsidiaries is not available to Group Inc. or other subsidiaries and any other financing provided to our
regulated subsidiaries is not available until the maturity of such financing.    Group Inc. has provided substantial amounts of equity and
subordinated indebtedness, directly or indirectly, to its regulated subsidiaries. For example, as of December 2016, Group Inc. had $30.09 billion of equity and subordinated indebtedness invested in GS&Co., its principal U.S. registered
broker-dealer; $36.94 billion invested in GSI, a regulated U.K. broker-dealer; $2.62 billion invested in Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. (GSJCL), a regulated Japanese broker-dealer; $26.61 billion invested in GS Bank USA, a regulated
New York State-chartered bank; and $3.77 billion invested in GSIB, a regulated U.K. bank. Group Inc. also provided, directly or indirectly, $97.77 billion of unsubordinated loans (including secured loans of $49.90 billion), and
$19.60 billion of collateral and cash deposits to these entities, substantially all of which was to GS&Co., GSI, GSJCL and GS Bank USA, as of December 2016. In addition, as of December 2016, Group Inc. had significant amounts of
capital invested in and loans to its other regulated subsidiaries.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 88 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Contingency Funding Plan.  We maintain a contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. Our contingency funding plan outlines a list of potential
risk factors, key reports and metrics that are reviewed on an ongoing basis to assist in assessing the severity of, and managing through, a liquidity crisis and/or market dislocation. The contingency funding plan also describes in detail our
potential responses if our assessments indicate that we have entered a liquidity crisis, which include pre-funding for what we estimate will be our potential cash and collateral needs as well as utilizing secondary sources of liquidity. Mitigants
and action items to address specific risks which may arise are also described and assigned to individuals responsible for execution.  
 The contingency funding plan identifies key groups of individuals to foster effective coordination, control and distribution of information,
all of which are critical in the management of a crisis or period of market stress. The contingency funding plan also details the responsibilities of these groups and individuals, which include making and disseminating key decisions, coordinating
all contingency activities throughout the duration of the crisis or period of market stress, implementing liquidity maintenance activities and managing internal and external communication.  
 Liquidity Stress Tests    In order to determine the
appropriate size of our GCLA, we use an internal liquidity model, referred to as the Modeled Liquidity Outflow, which captures and quantifies our liquidity risks. We also consider other factors including, but not limited to, an assessment of our
potential intraday liquidity needs through an additional internal liquidity model, referred to as the Intraday Liquidity Model, the results of our long-term stress testing models, applicable regulatory requirements and a qualitative assessment of
the condition of the financial markets and the firm. The results of the Modeled Liquidity Outflow, the Intraday Liquidity Model and the long-term stress testing models are reported to senior management on a regular basis.  
 Modeled Liquidity Outflow.  Our Modeled Liquidity
Outflow is based on conducting multiple scenarios that include combinations of market-wide and firm-specific stress. These scenarios are characterized by the following qualitative elements:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Severely challenged market environments, including low consumer and corporate confidence, financial and
political instability, adverse changes in market values, including potential declines in equity markets and widening of credit spreads; and
 

 
 
 • 
   
   A firm-specific crisis potentially triggered by material losses, reputational damage, litigation, executive
departure, and/or a ratings downgrade.    The following are the critical modeling parameters of the Modeled Liquidity
Outflow:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Liquidity needs over a 30-day scenario;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   A two-notch downgrade of our long-term senior unsecured credit ratings;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   A combination of contractual outflows, such as upcoming maturities of unsecured debt, and contingent outflows
(e.g., actions though not contractually required, we may deem necessary in a crisis). We assume that most contingent outflows will occur within the initial days and weeks of a crisis;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   No issuance of equity or unsecured debt;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   No support from additional government funding facilities. Although we have access to various central bank
funding programs, we do not assume reliance on additional sources of funding in a liquidity crisis; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   No asset liquidation, other than the GCLA.  
 The potential contractual and contingent cash and collateral outflows covered in our Modeled Liquidity Outflow include:  
 Unsecured Funding  
 
 
 • 
   
   Contractual: All upcoming maturities of unsecured long-term debt, commercial paper, and other unsecured
funding products. We assume that we will be unable to issue new unsecured debt or rollover any maturing debt.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Contingent: Repurchases of our outstanding long-term debt, commercial paper and hybrid financial instruments
in the ordinary course of business as a market maker.    Deposits  
 
 
 • 
   
   Contractual: All upcoming maturities of term deposits. We assume that we will be unable to raise new term
deposits or rollover any maturing term deposits.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Contingent: Partial withdrawals of deposits that have no contractual maturity. The withdrawal assumptions
reflect, among other factors, the type of deposit, whether the deposit is insured or uninsured, and our relationship with the depositor.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 89 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Secured Funding  
 
 
 • 
   
   Contractual: A portion of upcoming contractual maturities of secured funding due to either the inability to
refinance or the ability to refinance only at wider haircuts (i.e., on terms which require us to post additional collateral). Our assumptions reflect, among other factors, the quality of the underlying collateral, counterparty roll probabilities
(our assessment of the counterparty’s likelihood of continuing to provide funding on a secured basis at the maturity of the trade) and counterparty concentration.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Contingent: Adverse changes in the value of financial assets pledged as collateral for financing transactions,
which would necessitate additional collateral postings under those transactions.    OTC Derivatives  
 
 
 • 
   
   Contingent: Collateral postings to counterparties due to adverse changes in the value of our OTC derivatives,
excluding those that are cleared and settled through central counterparties (OTC-cleared).      
 
 
 • 
   
   Contingent: Other outflows of cash or collateral related to OTC derivatives, excluding OTC-cleared, including
the impact of trade terminations, collateral substitutions, collateral disputes, loss of rehypothecation rights, collateral calls or termination payments required by a two-notch downgrade in our credit ratings, and collateral that has not been
called by counterparties, but is available to them.    Exchange-Traded and OTC-cleared Derivatives  
 
 
 • 
   
   Contingent: Variation margin postings required due to adverse changes in the value of our outstanding
exchange-traded and OTC-cleared derivatives.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Contingent: An increase in initial margin and guaranty fund requirements by derivative clearing houses.
   Customer Cash and Securities  
 
 
 • 
   
   Contingent: Liquidity outflows associated with our prime brokerage business, including withdrawals of customer
credit balances, and a reduction in customer short positions, which may serve as a funding source for long positions.    Firm Securities
 
 
 
 • 
   
   Contingent: Liquidity outflows associated with a reduction or composition change in firm short positions,
which may serve as a funding source for long positions.    Unfunded Commitments  
 
 
 • 
   
   Contingent: Draws on our unfunded commitments. Draw assumptions reflect, among other things, the type of
commitment and counterparty.  
  Other  
 
 
 • 
   
   Other upcoming large cash outflows, such as tax payments.  
 Intraday Liquidity Model.  Our Intraday Liquidity Model
measures our intraday liquidity needs using a scenario analysis characterized by the same qualitative elements as our Modeled Liquidity Outflow. The model assesses the risk of increased intraday liquidity requirements during a scenario where access
to sources of intraday liquidity may become constrained.    The following are key modeling elements of the Intraday Liquidity Model:
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Liquidity needs over a one-day settlement period;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Delays in receipt of counterparty cash payments;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   A reduction in the availability of intraday credit lines at our third-party clearing agents; and
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Higher settlement volumes due to an increase in activity.  
 Long-Term Stress Testing.  We utilize a longer-term
stress test to take a forward view on our liquidity position through a prolonged stress period in which we experience a severe liquidity stress and recover in an environment that continues to be challenging. We are focused on ensuring conservative
asset-liability management to prepare for a prolonged period of potential stress, seeking to maintain a long-dated and diversified funding profile, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets.  
 We also perform stress tests on a regular basis as part of our routine risk management processes and conduct tailored stress tests on an ad hoc
or product-specific basis in response to market developments.    Model Review and Validation  
 Treasury regularly refines our Modeled Liquidity Outflow, Intraday Liquidity Model and our other stress testing models to reflect changes in
market or economic conditions and our business mix. Any changes, including model assumptions, are assessed and approved by Liquidity Risk Management.  
 Model Risk Management is responsible for the independent review and validation of our liquidity models. See “Model Risk Management”
for further information about the review and validation of these models.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 90 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Limits  
 We use liquidity limits at various levels and across liquidity risk types to manage the size of our liquidity exposures. Limits are measured
relative to acceptable levels of risk given our liquidity risk tolerance. The purpose of the firmwide limits is to assist senior management in monitoring and controlling our overall liquidity profile.  
 The Risk Committee of the Board and the Firmwide Finance Committee approve liquidity risk limits at the firmwide level. Limits are reviewed
frequently and amended, with required approvals, on a permanent and temporary basis, as appropriate, to reflect changing market or business conditions.  
 Our liquidity risk limits are monitored by Treasury and Liquidity Risk Management. Treasury is responsible for identifying and escalating, on a
timely basis, instances where limits have been exceeded.    GCLA and Unencumbered Metrics  
 GCLA.  Based on the results of our internal liquidity
risk models, described above, as well as our consideration of other factors including, but not limited to, an assessment of our potential intraday liquidity needs and a qualitative assessment of the condition of the financial markets and the firm,
we believe our liquidity position as of both December 2016 and December 2015 was appropriate. As of December 2016 and December 2015, the fair value of the securities and certain overnight cash deposits included in our GCLA
totaled $226.07 billion and $199.12 billion, respectively. The increase in our GCLA from December 2015 to December 2016 is primarily a result of the acquisition of GE Capital Bank’s online deposit platform in
April 2016. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about this acquisition. The fair value of our GCLA averaged $211.10 billion and $187.75 billion for the years ended December 2016 and
December 2015, respectively.    The table below presents the average fair value of the securities and certain overnight cash
deposits that are included in our GCLA.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   Average for the 
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   U.S. dollar-denominated 
   
   
 $155,123 
    
    
   
 $132,415 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. dollar-denominated 
   
   
 55,980 
    
    
   
 55,333 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $211,103 
    
    
   
 $187,748 
    
   
  The U.S. dollar-denominated GCLA is composed of (i) unencumbered U.S. government and
federal agency obligations (including highly liquid U.S. federal agency mortgage-backed obligations), all of which are eligible as collateral in Federal Reserve open market operations and (ii) certain overnight U.S. dollar cash deposits. The
non-U.S. dollar-denominated GCLA is composed of only unencumbered German, French, Japanese and U.K. government obligations and certain overnight cash deposits in highly liquid currencies. We strictly limit our GCLA to this narrowly defined list of
securities and cash because they are highly liquid, even in a difficult funding environment. We do not include other potential sources of excess liquidity in our GCLA, such as less liquid unencumbered securities or committed credit facilities.  
 The table below presents the average fair value of our GCLA by asset class.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   Average for the 
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Overnight cash deposits 
   
   
 $  92,336 
    
    
   
 $  61,407 
    
 
   
   
 
   U.S. government obligations 
   
   
 68,708 
    
    
   
 69,562 
    
 
   
   
 
   U.S. federal agency obligations 
   
   
 13,645 
    
    
   
 11,413 
    
 
   
   
 
   German, French, Japanese and U.K. government
obligations 
   
   
 36,414 
    
    
   
 45,366 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $211,103 
    
    
   
 $187,748 
    
   We maintain our GCLA to enable us to meet current and potential liquidity requirements of our parent company,
Group Inc., and its subsidiaries. Our Modeled Liquidity Outflow and Intraday Liquidity Model incorporate a consolidated requirement for Group Inc. as well as a standalone requirement for each of our major broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries.
Liquidity held directly in each of these major subsidiaries is intended for use only by that subsidiary to meet its liquidity requirements and is assumed not to be available to Group Inc. unless (i) legally provided for and (ii) there are
no additional regulatory, tax or other restrictions. In addition, the Modeled Liquidity Outflow and Intraday Liquidity Model also incorporate a broader assessment of standalone liquidity requirements for other subsidiaries and we hold a portion of
our GCLA directly at Group Inc. to support such requirements.    The table below presents the average GCLA of Group Inc. and our major
broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   Average for the 
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Group Inc. 
   
   
 $  43,638 
    
    
   
 $  41,284 
    
 
   
   
 
   Major broker-dealer subsidiaries 
   
   
 86,519 
    
    
   
 89,510 
    
 
   
   
 
   Major bank subsidiaries 
   
   
 80,946 
    
    
   
 56,954 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $211,103 
    
    
   
 $187,748 
    
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 91 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Other Unencumbered Assets.  In addition to our GCLA, we have a significant amount of other unencumbered cash and financial instruments, including other government obligations, high-grade money market securities, corporate obligations,
marginable equities, loans and cash deposits not included in our GCLA. Beginning in January 2016, to be consistent with changes in the manner in which management views unencumbered assets, we included certain loans within our unencumbered
assets. The fair value of our unencumbered assets averaged $142.33 billion and $90.36 billion for the years ended December 2016 and December 2015, respectively. Had these loans been included as of December 2015, the fair
value of our unencumbered assets would have increased by $44.45 billion. We do not consider these assets liquid enough to be eligible for our GCLA.  
 Liquidity Regulatory Framework    The final rules on
minimum liquidity standards approved by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies call for a liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) designed to ensure that banking organizations maintain an adequate level of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)
based on expected net cash outflows under an acute short-term liquidity stress scenario. Our GCLA is substantially the same in composition as the assets that qualify as HQLA under these rules.  
 The LCR became effective in the U.S. on January 1, 2015, with a phase-in period whereby firms had an 80% minimum in 2015, which
increased by 10% per year until 2017. In December 2016, the Federal Reserve Board issued a final rule that requires bank holding companies to disclose, on a quarterly basis beginning with the second quarter of 2017, LCR averages over the
quarter, quantitative and qualitative information on certain components of the LCR calculation and projected net cash outflows. For the three months ended December 2016, our average LCR exceeded the fully phased-in minimum requirement, based on
our interpretation and understanding of the finalized framework, which may evolve as we review our interpretation and application with our regulators.
 
  In addition, in the second quarter of 2016, the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies issued a
proposed rule that calls for a net stable funding ratio (NSFR) for large U.S. banking organizations. The proposal would require banking organizations to ensure they have access to stable funding over a one-year time horizon. The proposed NSFR
requirement has an effective date of January 1, 2018, including quarterly disclosure of the ratio, as well as a description of the banking organization’s stable funding sources. Based on our interpretation of the current proposal, we
estimate that as of December 2016, our NSFR was slightly lower than the proposed requirement; however, we expect that we will be compliant with the requirement by the effective date.  
 The following is information on our subsidiary liquidity regulatory requirements:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   GS Bank USA.  GS Bank USA is subject to minimum liquidity
standards under the LCR rule approved by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies that became effective on January 1, 2015, with the same phase-in through 2017 described above. The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies’ proposed rule
on the NSFR described above would also apply to GS Bank USA.      
 
 
 • 
   
   GSI.  The LCR rule issued by the U.K. regulatory authorities
became effective in the U.K. on October 1, 2015, with a phase-in period whereby certain financial institutions, including GSI, were required to have an 80% minimum ratio initially, increasing to 90% on January 1, 2017 and 100% on
January 1, 2018.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Other Subsidiaries.  We monitor the local regulatory liquidity
requirements of our subsidiaries to ensure compliance. For many of our subsidiaries, these requirements either have changed or are likely to change in the future due to the implementation of the Basel Committee’s framework for liquidity risk
measurement, standards and monitoring, as well as other regulatory developments.    The implementation of these rules, and
any amendments adopted by the applicable regulatory authorities, could impact our liquidity and funding requirements and practices in the future.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 92 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
  Credit Ratings
 
  We rely on the short-term and long-term debt capital markets to fund a significant portion of
our day-to-day operations and the cost and availability of debt financing is influenced by our credit ratings. Credit ratings are also important when we are competing in certain markets, such as OTC derivatives, and when we seek to engage in
longer-term transactions. See “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for information about the risks associated with a reduction in our credit ratings.  
 The table below presents the unsecured credit ratings and outlook of Group Inc. by DBRS, Inc. (DBRS), Fitch, Inc. (Fitch), Moody’s
Investors Service (Moody’s), Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services (S&P), and Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I).      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 2016 
   


 
   
   
   
 DBRS 
    
   
   
 Fitch 
    
   
   
 Moody’s 
    
   
   
 S&P 
    
   
   
 R&I 
    
 
   Short-term Debt 
   
   
 R-1 (middle 
 )  
   
   
 F1 
    
   
   
 P-2 
    
   
   
 A-2 
    
   
   
 a-1 
    
 
   
   
 
   Long-term Debt 
   
   
 A (high 
 )  
   
   
 A 
    
   
   
 A3 
    
   
   
 BBB+ 
    
   
   
 A 
    
 
   
   
 
   Subordinated Debt 
   
   
 A 
    
   
   
 A- 
    
   
   
 Baa2 
    
   
   
 BBB- 
    
   
   
 A- 
    
 
   
   
 
   Trust Preferred 
   
   
 A 
    
   
   
 BBB- 
    
   
   
 Baa3 
    
   
   
 BB 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
   
   
 
   Preferred Stock 
   
   
 BBB (high 
 )  
   
   
 BB+ 
    
   
   
 Ba1 
    
   
   
 BB 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
   
   
 
   Ratings Outlook 
   
   
 Stable 
    
   
   
 Stable 
    
   
   
 Stable 
    
   
   
 Stable 
    
   
   
 Stable 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The ratings for Trust Preferred relate to the guaranteed preferred beneficial interests issued by Goldman
Sachs Capital I.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The DBRS, Fitch, Moody’s and S&P ratings for Preferred Stock include the APEX issued by Goldman Sachs
Capital II and Goldman Sachs Capital III.    The table below presents the unsecured credit ratings and outlook of
GS Bank USA, GSIB, GS&Co. and GSI, by Fitch, Moody’s and S&P.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 2016 
   


 
   
   
   
 Fitch 
    
    
   
 Moody’s 
    
    
   
 S&P 
    
 
   GS Bank USA 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Short-term Debt 
   
   
 F1 
    
    
   
 P-1 
    
    
   
 A-1 
    
 
   
   
 
   Long-term Debt 
   
   
 A+ 
    
    
   
 A1 
    
    
   
 A+ 
    
 
   
   
 
   Short-term Bank Deposits 
   
   
 F1+ 
    
    
   
 P-1 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
 
   
   
 
   Long-term Bank Deposits 
   
   
 AA- 
    
    
   
 A1 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
 
   
   
 
   Ratings Outlook 
   
   
 Stable 
    
    
   
 Stable 
    
    
   
 Stable 
    
 
   GSIB 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Short-term Debt 
   
   
 F1 
    
    
   
 P-1 
    
    
   
 A-1 
    
 
   
   
 
   Long-term Debt 
   
   
 A 
    
    
   
 A1 
    
    
   
 A+ 
    
 
   
   
 
   Short-term Bank Deposits 
   
   
 F1 
    
    
   
 P-1 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
 
   
   
 
   Long-term Bank Deposits 
   
   
 A 
    
    
   
 A1 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
 
   
   
 
   Ratings Outlook 
   
   
 Stable 
    
    
   
 Stable 
    
    
   
 Stable 
    
 
   GS&Co. 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Short-term Debt 
   
   
 F1 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 A-1 
    
 
   
   
 
   Long-term Debt 
   
   
 A+ 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 A+ 
    
 
   
   
 
   Ratings Outlook 
   
   
 Stable 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 Stable 
    
 
   GSI 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Short-term Debt 
   
   
 F1 
    
    
   
 P-1 
    
    
   
 A-1 
    
 
   
   
 
   Long-term Debt 
   
   
 A 
    
    
   
 A1 
    
    
   
 A+ 
    
 
   
   
 
   Ratings Outlook 
   
   
 Stable 
    
    
   
 Stable 
    
    
   
 Stable 
    
   
  During the fourth quarter of 2016, Fitch changed the outlook of GSIB and GSI from positive to
stable. Additionally, S&P upgraded the long-term debt ratings of GS Bank USA, GSIB, GS&Co. and GSI from A to A+, and changed the outlook from watch positive to stable.  
 We believe our credit ratings are primarily based on the credit rating agencies’ assessment of:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Our liquidity, market, credit and operational risk management practices;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The level and variability of our earnings;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Our capital base;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Our franchise, reputation and management;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Our corporate governance; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The external operating and economic environment, including, in some cases, the assumed level of government
support or other systemic considerations, such as potential resolution.    Certain of our derivatives have been transacted
under bilateral agreements with counterparties who may require us to post collateral or terminate the transactions based on changes in our credit ratings. We assess the impact of these bilateral agreements by determining the collateral or
termination payments that would occur assuming a downgrade by all rating agencies. A downgrade by any one rating agency, depending on the agency’s relative ratings of us at the time of the downgrade, may have an impact which is comparable
to the impact of a downgrade by all rating agencies. We manage our GCLA to ensure we would, among other potential requirements, be able to make the additional collateral or termination payments that may be required in the event of a two-notch
reduction in our long-term credit ratings, as well as collateral that has not been called by counterparties, but is available to them.    The
table below presents the additional collateral or termination payments related to our net derivative liabilities under bilateral agreements that could have been called at the reporting date by counterparties in the event of a one-notch and two-notch
downgrade in our credit ratings.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Additional collateral or termination payments: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   One-notch downgrade 
   
   
 $   677 
    
    
   
 $1,061 
    
 
   
   
 
   Two-notch downgrade 
   
   
 2,216 
    
    
   
 2,689 
    
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 93 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Cash Flows  
 As a global financial institution, our cash flows are complex and bear little relation to our net earnings and net assets. Consequently, we
believe that traditional cash flow analysis is less meaningful in evaluating our liquidity position than the liquidity and asset-liability management policies described above. Cash flow analysis may, however, be helpful in highlighting certain macro
trends and strategic initiatives in our businesses.    Year Ended December 2016.  Our cash and cash equivalents increased by $28.27 billion to $121.71 billion at the end of 2016. We generated $9.27 billion in net cash from investing activities, primarily from net cash acquired
in business acquisitions. We generated $19.00 billion in net cash from financing activities and operating activities, primarily from increases in deposits and from net issuances of unsecured long-term borrowings, partially offset by repurchases
of common stock.    Year Ended December 2015.  Our cash and cash equivalents increased by $18.41 billion to $93.44 billion at the end of 2015. We used $18.57 billion in net cash for investing activities, primarily due to funding of loans
receivable. We generated $36.99 billion in net cash from financing activities and operating activities primarily from net issuances of long-term borrowings and bank deposits, partially offset by repurchases of common stock.  
 Year Ended December 2014.  Our cash and cash
equivalents decreased by $3.84 billion to $75.03 billion at the end of 2014. We used $22.84 billion in net cash for operating and investing activities, which reflects an initiative to reduce our balance sheet, and the funding of loans
receivable. We generated $19.00 billion in net cash from financing activities from an increase in bank deposits and net proceeds from issuances of unsecured long-term borrowings, partially offset by repurchases of common stock.
 
  Market Risk Management  
 Overview    Market risk is the risk of loss in the
value of our inventory, as well as certain other financial assets and financial liabilities, due to changes in market conditions. We employ a variety of risk measures, each described in the respective sections below, to monitor market risk. We hold
inventory primarily for market making for our clients and for our investing and lending activities. Our inventory therefore changes based on client demands and our investment opportunities. Our inventory is accounted for at fair value and therefore
fluctuates on a daily basis, with the related gains and losses included in “Market making” and “Other principal transactions.” Categories of market risk include the following:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Interest rate risk: results from exposures to changes in the level, slope and curvature of yield curves, the
volatilities of interest rates, mortgage prepayment speeds and credit spreads;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Equity price risk: results from exposures to changes in prices and volatilities of individual equities,
baskets of equities and equity indices;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Currency rate risk: results from exposures to changes in spot prices, forward prices and volatilities of
currency rates; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   Commodity price risk: results from exposures to changes in spot prices, forward prices and volatilities of
commodities, such as crude oil, petroleum products, natural gas, electricity, and precious and base metals.    Market Risk
Management, which is independent of the revenue-producing units and reports to our chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our market risk. We monitor and control risks through strong firmwide oversight
and independent control and support functions across our global businesses.    Managers in revenue-producing units and Market Risk Management
discuss market information, positions and estimated risk and loss scenarios on an ongoing basis. Managers in revenue-producing units are accountable for managing risk within prescribed limits. These managers have in-depth knowledge of their
positions, markets and the instruments available to hedge their exposures.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 94 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Market Risk Management Process  
 We manage our market risk by diversifying exposures, controlling position sizes and establishing economic hedges in related securities or
derivatives. This process includes:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Accurate and timely exposure information incorporating multiple risk metrics;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   A dynamic limit setting framework; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Constant communication among revenue-producing units, risk managers and senior management.
   Risk Measures    Market Risk
Management produces risk measures and monitors them against established market risk limits. These measures reflect an extensive range of scenarios and the results are aggregated at product, business and firmwide levels.  
 We use a variety of risk measures to estimate the size of potential losses for both moderate and more extreme market moves over both short-term
and long-term time horizons. Our primary risk measures are VaR, which is used for shorter-term periods, and stress tests. Our risk reports detail key risks, drivers and changes for each desk and business, and are distributed daily to senior
management of both our revenue-producing units and our independent control and support functions.  
 Value-at-Risk.  VaR is the potential loss in value due
to adverse market movements over a defined time horizon with a specified confidence level. For assets and liabilities included in VaR, see “Financial Statement Linkages to Market Risk Measures.” We typically employ a one-day time horizon
with a 95% confidence level. We use a single VaR model which captures risks including interest rates, equity prices, currency rates and commodity prices. As such, VaR facilitates comparison across portfolios of different risk characteristics. VaR
also captures the diversification of aggregated risk at the firmwide level.    We are aware of the inherent limitations to VaR and
therefore use a variety of risk measures in our market risk management process. Inherent limitations to VaR include:      
 
 
 • 
   
   VaR does not estimate potential losses over longer time horizons where moves may be extreme;
     
 
 
 • 
   
   VaR does not take account of the relative liquidity of different risk positions; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Previous moves in market risk factors may not produce accurate predictions of all future market moves.
 
  When calculating VaR, we use historical simulations with full valuation of approximately 70,000
market factors. VaR is calculated at a position level based on simultaneously shocking the relevant market risk factors for that position. We sample from five years of historical data to generate the scenarios for our VaR calculation. The historical
data is weighted so that the relative importance of the data reduces over time. This gives greater importance to more recent observations and reflects current asset volatilities, which improves the accuracy of our estimates of potential loss. As a
result, even if our positions included in VaR were unchanged, our VaR would increase with increasing market volatility and vice versa.  
 Given its reliance on historical data, VaR is most effective in estimating risk exposures in markets in which there are no sudden fundamental
changes or shifts in market conditions.    Our VaR measure does not include:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Positions that are best measured and monitored using sensitivity measures; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The impact of changes in counterparty and our own credit spreads on derivatives, as well as changes in our own
credit spreads on unsecured borrowings for which the fair value option was elected.    We perform daily backtesting of our
VaR model (i.e., comparing daily trading net revenues to the VaR measure calculated as of the prior business day) at the firmwide level and for each of our businesses and major regulated subsidiaries.  
 Stress Testing.  Stress testing is a method of
determining the effect of various hypothetical stress scenarios on the firm. We use stress testing to examine risks of specific portfolios as well as the potential impact of significant risk exposures across the firm. We use a variety of stress
testing techniques to calculate the potential loss from a wide range of market moves on our portfolios, including sensitivity analysis, scenario analysis and firmwide stress tests. The results of our various stress tests are analyzed together for
risk management purposes.    Sensitivity analysis is used to quantify the impact of a market move in a single risk factor across all
positions (e.g., equity prices or credit spreads) using a variety of defined market shocks, ranging from those that could be expected over a one-day time horizon up to those that could take many months to occur. We also use sensitivity analysis to
quantify the impact of the default of any single entity, which captures the risk of large or concentrated exposures.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 95 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Scenario analysis is used to quantify the impact of a specified event, including how the event
impacts multiple risk factors simultaneously. For example, for sovereign stress testing we calculate potential direct exposure associated with our sovereign inventory as well as the corresponding debt, equity and currency exposures associated with
our non-sovereign inventory that may be impacted by the sovereign distress. When conducting scenario analysis, we typically consider a number of possible outcomes for each scenario, ranging from moderate to severely adverse market impacts. In
addition, these stress tests are constructed using both historical events and forward-looking hypothetical scenarios.    Firmwide stress
testing combines market, credit, operational and liquidity risks into a single combined scenario. Firmwide stress tests are primarily used to assess capital adequacy as part of our capital planning and stress testing process; however, we also ensure
that firmwide stress testing is integrated into our risk governance framework. This includes selecting appropriate scenarios to use for our capital planning and stress testing process. See “Equity Capital Management and Regulatory
Capital — Equity Capital Management” above for further information.    Unlike VaR measures, which have an implied probability
because they are calculated at a specified confidence level, there is generally no implied probability that our stress test scenarios will occur. Instead, stress tests are used to model both moderate and more extreme moves in underlying market
factors. When estimating potential loss, we generally assume that our positions cannot be reduced or hedged (although experience demonstrates that we are generally able to do so).  
 Stress test scenarios are conducted on a regular basis as part of our routine risk management process and on an ad hoc basis in response to
market events or concerns. Stress testing is an important part of our risk management process because it allows us to quantify our exposure to tail risks, highlight potential loss concentrations, undertake risk/reward analysis, and assess and
mitigate our risk positions.    Limits.  We use risk
limits at various levels (including firmwide, business and product) to govern risk appetite by controlling the size of our exposures to market risk. Limits are set based on VaR and on a range of stress tests relevant to our exposures. Limits are
reviewed frequently and amended on a permanent or temporary basis to reflect changing market conditions, business conditions or tolerance for risk.
 
  The Risk Committee of the Board and the Risk Governance Committee (through delegated authority
from the Firmwide Risk Committee) approve market risk limits and sub-limits at firmwide, business and product levels, consistent with our risk appetite. In addition, Market Risk Management (through delegated authority from the Risk Governance
Committee) sets market risk limits and sub-limits at certain product and desk levels.    The purpose of the firmwide limits is to assist
senior management in controlling our overall risk profile. Sub-limits are set below the approved level of risk limits. Sub-limits set the desired maximum amount of exposure that may be managed by any particular business on a day-to-day basis without
additional levels of senior management approval, effectively leaving day-to-day decisions to individual desk managers and traders. Accordingly, sub-limits are a management tool designed to ensure appropriate escalation rather than to establish
maximum risk tolerance. Sub-limits also distribute risk among various businesses in a manner that is consistent with their level of activity and client demand, taking into account the relative performance of each area.  
 Our market risk limits are monitored daily by Market Risk Management, which is responsible for identifying and escalating, on a timely basis,
instances where limits have been exceeded.    When a risk limit has been exceeded (e.g., due to positional changes or changes in market
conditions, such as increased volatilities or changes in correlations), it is escalated to senior managers in Market Risk Management and/or the appropriate risk committee. Such instances are remediated by an inventory reduction and/or a temporary or
permanent increase to the risk limit.    Model Review and Validation  
 Our VaR and stress testing models are regularly reviewed by Market Risk Management and enhanced in order to incorporate changes in the
composition of positions included in our market risk measures, as well as variations in market conditions. Prior to implementing significant changes to our assumptions and/or models, Model Risk Management performs model validations. Significant
changes to our VaR and stress testing models are reviewed with our chief risk officer and chief financial officer, and approved by the Firmwide Risk Committee.  
 See “Model Risk Management” for further information about the review and validation of these models.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 96 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Systems  
 We have made a significant investment in technology to monitor market risk including:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   An independent calculation of VaR and stress measures;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Risk measures calculated at individual position levels;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Attribution of risk measures to individual risk factors of each position;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The ability to report many different views of the risk measures (e.g., by desk, business, product type or
legal entity); and      
 
 
 • 
   
   The ability to produce ad hoc analyses in a timely manner.  
 Metrics    We analyze VaR at the firmwide level and a
variety of more detailed levels, including by risk category, business, and region. The tables below present, by risk category, average daily VaR and period-end VaR, as well as the high and low VaR for the period. Diversification effect in the tables
below represents the difference between total VaR and the sum of the VaRs for the four risk categories. This effect arises because the four market risk categories are not perfectly correlated.  
 The table below presents average daily VaR.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   $ in millions 
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
    
   
 2014 
   
 
   Risk Categories 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rates 
   
   
 $ 45 
   
    
   
 $ 47 
   
    
   
 $ 51 
   
 
   
   
 
   Equity prices 
   
   
 25 
   
    
   
 26 
   
    
   
 26 
   
 
   
   
 
   Currency rates 
   
   
 21 
   
    
   
 30 
   
    
   
 19 
   
 
   
   
 
   Commodity prices 
   
   
 17 
   
    
   
 20 
   
    
   
 21 
   
 
   
   
 
   Diversification effect 
   
   
 (45 
 )  
    
   
 (47 
 )  
    
   
 (45 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
   
 $ 63 
   
    
   
 $ 76 
   
    
   
 $ 72 
   
   Our average daily VaR decreased to $63 million in 2016 from $76 million in 2015, primarily reflecting
a decrease in the currency rates category, principally due to reduced exposures, and a decrease in the commodity prices category due to lower levels of volatility and reduced exposures.  
 Our average daily VaR increased to $76 million in 2015 from $72 million in 2014, reflecting an increase in the currency rates
category due to higher levels of volatility, partially offset by a decrease in the interest rates category due to decreased exposures.
 
  The table below presents period-end VaR.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   $ in millions 
   
 As of December 
   


 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
    
   
 2014 
   
 
   Risk Categories 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rates 
   
   
 $ 45 
   
    
   
 $ 43 
   
    
   
 $ 53 
   
 
   
   
 
   Equity prices 
   
   
 34 
   
    
   
 24 
   
    
   
 19 
   
 
   
   
 
   Currency rates 
   
   
 23 
   
    
   
 31 
   
    
   
 24 
   
 
   
   
 
   Commodity prices 
   
   
 19 
   
    
   
 17 
   
    
   
 23 
   
 
   
   
 
   Diversification effect 
   
   
 (39 
 )  
    
   
 (48 
 )  
    
   
 (42 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
   
 $ 82 
   
    
   
 $ 67 
   
    
   
 $ 77 
   
   Our daily VaR increased to $82 million as of December 2016 from $67 million as of
December 2015, primarily reflecting an increase in the equity prices category, principally due to increased exposures, and a decrease in the diversification benefit across risk categories, partially offset by a decrease in the currency rates
category, principally due to lower levels of volatility.    Our daily VaR decreased to $67 million as of December 2015 from
$77 million as of December 2014, primarily reflecting decreases in the interest rates and commodity prices categories due to decreased exposures, and an increase in the diversification benefit across risk categories. In addition, the
currency rates and equity prices categories increased due to higher levels of volatility.    During 2016 and 2014, the firmwide VaR risk
limit was not exceeded, raised or reduced. During 2015, the firmwide VaR risk limit was temporarily raised on two occasions in order to facilitate client transactions. Separately, in March 2015, the firmwide VaR risk limit was reduced,
reflecting lower risk utilization over the last year.    The table below presents high and low VaR by risk category.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   $ in millions 
   
   Year Ended 
 December 2016 
   


 
   
   
 High 
   
      
   
 Low 
   
 
   Risk Categories 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Interest rates 
   
   
 $64 
   
      
   
 $34 
   
 
   
   
 
   Equity prices 
   
   
 36 
   
      
   
 19 
   
 
   
   
 
   Currency rates 
   
   
 40 
   
      
   
 10 
   
 
   
   
 
   Commodity prices 
   
   
 28 
   
      
   
 13 
   
   The high and low total VaR was $83 million and $47 million, respectively, for the year ended
December 2016.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 97 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  The chart below reflects our daily VaR over the last four quarters.  
     


 
    The chart below presents the frequency distribution of our daily trading net revenues for substantially all
positions included in VaR for 2016.        


 
    Daily trading net revenues are compared with VaR calculated as of the end of the prior business day. Trading
losses incurred on a single day did not exceed our 95% one-day VaR during 2016 and 2015 (i.e., a VaR exception) and exceeded our 95% one-day VaR on one occasion during 2014.  
 During periods in which we have significantly more positive net revenue days than net revenue loss days, we expect to have fewer VaR exceptions
because, under normal conditions, our business model generally produces positive net revenues. In periods in which our franchise revenues are adversely affected, we generally have more loss days, resulting in more VaR exceptions. The daily
market-making revenues used to determine VaR exceptions reflect the impact of any intraday activity, including bid/offer net revenues, which are more likely than not to be positive by their nature.
 
  Sensitivity Measures  
 Certain portfolios and individual positions are not included in VaR because VaR is not the most appropriate risk measure. Other sensitivity
measures we use to analyze market risk are described below.    10% Sensitivity Measures.  The table below presents market risk for positions that are not included in VaR. The market risk of these positions is determined by estimating the potential reduction in net revenues of a 10% decline in the
value of these positions. Equity positions below relate to private and restricted public equity securities, including interests in funds that invest in corporate equities and real estate and interests in hedge funds. Debt positions include interests
in funds that invest in corporate mezzanine and senior debt instruments, loans backed by commercial and residential real estate, corporate bank loans and other corporate debt, including acquired portfolios of distressed loans. These equity and debt
positions in our consolidated statements of financial condition are included in “Financial instruments owned, at fair value.” See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about cash instruments. These
measures do not reflect diversification benefits across asset categories or across other market risk measures.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   $ in millions 
   
 As of December 
   


 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
    
   
 2014 
   
 
   Asset Categories 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Equity 
   
   
 $2,085 
   
    
   
 $2,157 
   
    
   
 $2,132 
   
 
   
   
 
   Debt 
   
   
 1,702 
   
    
   
 1,479 
   
    
   
 1,686 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $3,787 
   
    
   
 $3,636 
   
    
   
 $3,818 
   
   Credit Spread Sensitivity on Derivatives and Financial
Liabilities.  VaR excludes the impact of changes in counterparty and our own credit spreads on derivatives as well as changes in our own credit spreads on financial liabilities for which the fair
value option was elected. The estimated sensitivity to a one basis point increase in credit spreads (counterparty and our own) on derivatives was a gain of $2 million and $3 million (including hedges) as of December 2016 and
December 2015, respectively. In addition, the estimated sensitivity to a one basis point increase in our own credit spreads on financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected was a gain of $25 million and $17 million
as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively. However, the actual net impact of a change in our own credit spreads is also affected by the liquidity, duration and convexity (as the sensitivity is not linear to changes in yields) of
those financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected, as well as the relative performance of any hedges undertaken.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 98 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Interest Rate Sensitivity.  “Loans receivable” as of December 2016 and December 2015 were $49.67 billion and $45.41 billion, respectively, substantially all of which had floating interest rates. As of
December 2016 and December 2015, the estimated sensitivity to a 100 basis point increase in interest rates on such loans was $405 million and $396 million, respectively, of additional interest income over a twelve-month period,
which does not take into account the potential impact of an increase in costs to fund such loans. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about loans receivable.  
 Other Market Risk Considerations    As of
December 2016 and December 2015, we had commitments and held loans for which we have obtained credit loss protection from Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc. See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for further
information about such lending commitments.    In addition, we make investments accounted for under the equity method and we also make direct
investments in real estate, both of which are included in “Other assets.” Direct investments in real estate are accounted for at cost less accumulated depreciation. See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further
information about “Other assets.”    Financial Statement Linkages to Market Risk Measures  
 We employ a variety of risk measures, each described in the respective sections above, to monitor market risk across the consolidated
statements of financial condition and consolidated statements of earnings. The related gains and losses on these positions are included in “Market making,” “Other principal transactions,” “Interest income” and
“Interest expense” in the consolidated statements of earnings, and “Debt valuation adjustment” in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
 
  The table below presents certain categories in our consolidated statements of financial
condition and the market risk measures used to assess those assets and liabilities. Certain categories on the consolidated statements of financial condition are incorporated in more than one risk measure.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 Categories on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition Included in Market Risk Measures 
   
   
   Market Risk Measures 
   


 
     
 Collateralized agreements     
 •   Securities purchased under agreements to resell, at
fair value     
 •   Securities borrowed, at fair value 
   
   
     
 •   VaR 
 
     
 Receivables     
 •   Certain secured loans, at fair value 
   
 •   Loans receivable 
   
   
         
       
 •   VaR 
   
 •   Interest Rate Sensitivity 
   
 
     
 Financial instruments owned, at fair value 
   
     
 •   VaR 
   
 •   10% Sensitivity Measures 
   
 •   Credit Spread Sensitivity — Derivatives 
   
 
     
 Deposits, at fair value     
   
     
 •   Credit Spread Sensitivity —Financial Liabilities 
   
 
     
 Collateralized financings     
 •   Securities sold under agreements to repurchase, at fair
value     
 •   Securities loaned, at fair value 
   
 •   Other secured financings, at fair value 
   
   
     
 •   VaR 
 
     
 Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value 
   
     
 •   VaR 
   
 •   Credit Spread Sensitivity — Derivatives 
   
 
     
 Unsecured short-term borrowings and unsecured long-term borrowings, at fair value     
   
     
 •   VaR 
   
 •   Credit Spread Sensitivity —Financial
Liabilities     
   Credit Risk Management  
 Overview    Credit risk represents the potential for
loss due to the default or deterioration in credit quality of a counterparty (e.g., an OTC derivatives counterparty or a borrower) or an issuer of securities or other instruments we hold. Our exposure to credit risk comes mostly from client
transactions in OTC derivatives and loans and lending commitments. Credit risk also comes from cash placed with banks, securities financing transactions (i.e., resale and repurchase agreements and securities borrowing and lending activities) and
receivables from brokers, dealers, clearing organizations, customers and counterparties.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 99 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Credit Risk Management, which is independent of the revenue-producing units and reports to our
chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing credit risk. The Credit Policy Committee and the Firmwide Risk Committee establish and review credit policies and parameters. In addition, we hold other positions
that give rise to credit risk (e.g., bonds held in our inventory and secondary bank loans). These credit risks are captured as a component of market risk measures, which are monitored and managed by Market Risk Management, consistent with other
inventory positions. We also enter into derivatives to manage market risk exposures. Such derivatives also give rise to credit risk, which is monitored and managed by Credit Risk Management.  
 Credit Risk Management Process    Effective management
of credit risk requires accurate and timely information, a high level of communication and knowledge of customers, countries, industries and products. Our process for managing credit risk includes:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Approving transactions and setting and communicating credit exposure limits;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Establishing or approving underwriting standards;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Monitoring compliance with established credit exposure limits;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Assessing the likelihood that a counterparty will default on its payment obligations;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Measuring our current and potential credit exposure and losses resulting from counterparty default;
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Reporting of credit exposures to senior management, the Board and regulators;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Using credit risk mitigants, including collateral and hedging; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Communicating and collaborating with other independent control and support functions such as operations, legal
and compliance.    As part of the risk assessment process, Credit Risk Management performs credit reviews, which include
initial and ongoing analyses of our counterparties. For substantially all of our credit exposures, the core of our process is an annual counterparty credit review. A credit review is an independent analysis of the capacity and willingness of a
counterparty to meet its financial obligations, resulting in an internal credit rating. The determination of internal credit ratings also incorporates assumptions with respect to the nature of and outlook for the counterparty’s industry, and
the economic environment. Senior personnel within Credit Risk Management, with expertise in specific industries, inspect and approve credit reviews and internal credit ratings.
 
  Our risk assessment process may also include, where applicable, reviewing certain key metrics,
such as delinquency status, collateral values, credit scores and other risk factors.    Our global credit risk management systems capture
credit exposure to individual counterparties and on an aggregate basis to counterparties and their subsidiaries (economic groups). These systems also provide management with comprehensive information on our aggregate credit risk by product, internal
credit rating, industry, country and region.    Risk Measures and Limits  
 We measure our credit risk based on the potential loss in the event of non-payment by a counterparty using current and potential exposure. For
derivatives and securities financing transactions, current exposure represents the amount presently owed to us after taking into account applicable netting and collateral arrangements while potential exposure represents our estimate of the future
exposure that could arise over the life of a transaction based on market movements within a specified confidence level. Potential exposure also takes into account netting and collateral arrangements. For loans and lending commitments, the primary
measure is a function of the notional amount of the position.    We use credit limits at various levels (e.g., counterparty, economic group,
industry and country) as well as underwriting standards to control the size and nature of our credit exposures. Limits for counterparties and economic groups are reviewed regularly and revised to reflect changing risk appetites for a given
counterparty or group of counterparties. Limits for industries and countries are based on our risk tolerance and are designed to allow for regular monitoring, review, escalation and management of credit risk concentrations. The Risk Committee of the
Board and the Risk Governance Committee (through delegated authority from the Firmwide Risk Committee) approve credit risk limits at firmwide, business and product levels. Credit Risk Management (through delegated authority from the Risk Governance
Committee) sets credit limits for individual counterparties, economic groups, industries and countries. Policies authorized by the Firmwide Risk Committee, the Risk Governance Committee and the Credit Policy Committee prescribe the level of formal
approval required for us to assume credit exposure to a counterparty across all product areas, taking into account any applicable netting provisions, collateral or other credit risk mitigants.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 100 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Stress Tests  
 We use regular stress tests to calculate the credit exposures, including potential concentrations that would result from applying shocks to
counterparty credit ratings or credit risk factors (e.g., currency rates, interest rates, equity prices). These shocks include a wide range of moderate and more extreme market movements. Some of our stress tests include shocks to multiple risk
factors, consistent with the occurrence of a severe market or economic event. In the case of sovereign default, we estimate the direct impact of the default on our sovereign credit exposures, changes to our credit exposures arising from potential
market moves in response to the default, and the impact of credit market deterioration on corporate borrowers and counterparties that may result from the sovereign default. Unlike potential exposure, which is calculated within a specified confidence
level, with a stress test there is generally no assumed probability of these events occurring.    We perform stress tests on a regular basis
as part of our routine risk management processes and conduct tailored stress tests on an ad hoc basis in response to market developments. Stress tests are conducted jointly with our market and liquidity risk functions.  
 Model Review and Validation    Our potential credit
exposure and stress testing models, and any changes to such models or assumptions, are reviewed by Model Risk Management. See “Model Risk Management” for further information about the review and validation of these models.  
 Risk Mitigants    To reduce our credit exposures on
derivatives and securities financing transactions, we may enter into netting agreements with counterparties that permit us to offset receivables and payables with such counterparties. We may also reduce credit risk with counterparties by entering
into agreements that enable us to obtain collateral from them on an upfront or contingent basis and/or to terminate transactions if the counterparty’s credit rating falls below a specified level. We monitor the fair value of the collateral on a
daily basis to ensure that our credit exposures are appropriately collateralized. We seek to minimize exposures where there is a significant positive correlation between the creditworthiness of our counterparties and the market value of collateral
we receive.  
  For loans and lending commitments, depending on the credit quality of the borrower and other
characteristics of the transaction, we employ a variety of potential risk mitigants. Risk mitigants include collateral provisions, guarantees, covenants, structural seniority of the bank loan claims and, for certain lending commitments, provisions
in the legal documentation that allow us to adjust loan amounts, pricing, structure and other terms as market conditions change. The type and structure of risk mitigants employed can significantly influence the degree of credit risk involved in a
loan or lending commitment.    When we do not have sufficient visibility into a counterparty’s financial strength or when we believe a
counterparty requires support from its parent, we may obtain third-party guarantees of the counterparty’s obligations. We may also mitigate our credit risk using credit derivatives or participation agreements.  
 Credit Exposures    As of December 2016, our
credit exposures increased as compared with December 2015, primarily reflecting an increase in cash deposits with central banks. The percentage of our credit exposures arising from non-investment-grade counterparties (based on our internally
determined public rating agency equivalents) decreased as compared with December 2015, reflecting an increase in investment-grade credit exposure related to cash deposits with central banks and a decrease in non-investment-grade loans and
lending commitments. During 2016, the number of counterparty defaults increased as compared with 2015 and such defaults primarily occurred within loans and lending commitments. The total number of counterparty defaults remained low, representing
less than 0.5% of all counterparties. Estimated losses associated with counterparty defaults were higher compared with 2015 and were not material. Our credit exposures are described further below.  
 Cash and Cash Equivalents.  Our credit exposure on cash
and cash equivalents arises from our unrestricted cash, and includes both interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing deposits. To mitigate the risk of credit loss, we place substantially all of our deposits with highly-rated banks and central banks.
Unrestricted cash was $107.06 billion and $75.11 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively, and excludes cash segregated for regulatory and other purposes of $14.65 billion and $18.33 billion as of
December 2016 and December 2015, respectively.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 101 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  OTC Derivatives.  Our credit exposure on OTC derivatives arises primarily from our market-making activities. As a market maker, we enter into derivative transactions to provide liquidity to clients and to facilitate the transfer
and hedging of their risks. We also enter into derivatives to manage market risk exposures. We manage our credit exposure on OTC derivatives using the credit risk process, measures, limits and risk mitigants described above.  
 Derivatives are reported on a net-by-counterparty basis (i.e., the net payable or receivable for derivative assets and liabilities for a given
counterparty) when a legal right of setoff exists under an enforceable netting agreement. Derivatives are accounted for at fair value, net of cash collateral received or posted under enforceable credit support agreements. We generally enter into OTC
derivatives transactions under bilateral collateral arrangements that require the daily exchange of collateral. As credit risk is an essential component of fair value, we include a credit valuation adjustment (CVA) in the fair value of derivatives
to reflect counterparty credit risk, as described in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. CVA is a function of the present value of expected exposure, the probability of counterparty default and the assumed recovery upon default.
   The table below presents the distribution of our exposure to OTC derivatives by tenor, both before and after the effect of collateral and
netting agreements.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
     
 Investment- Grade 
       
    
     
 Non-Investment- Grade / Unrated 
       
    
   
 Total 
    
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Less than 1 year 
   
   
 $   24,840 
    
    
   
 $  3,983 
    
    
   
 $   28,823 
    
 
   
   
 
   1 - 5 years 
   
   
 30,801 
    
    
   
 3,676 
    
    
   
 34,477 
    
 
   
   
 
   Greater than 5 years 
   
   
 85,951 
    
    
   
 4,599 
    
    
   
 90,550 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 141,592 
    
    
   
 12,258 
    
    
   
 153,850 
    
 
   
   
 
   Netting 
   
   
 (96,493 
 )  
    
   
 (6,232 
 )  
    
   
 (102,725 
 )  
 
   OTC derivative assets 
   
   
 $   45,099 
    
    
   
 $  6,026 
    
    
   
 $   51,125 
    
 
   Net credit exposure 
   
   
 $   28,879 
    
    
   
 $  4,922 
    
    
   
 $   33,801 
    
 
       As of December 2015 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Less than 1 year 
   
   
 $   23,950 
    
    
   
 $  3,965 
    
    
   
 $   27,915 
    
 
   
   
 
   1 - 5 years 
   
   
 35,249 
    
    
   
 6,749 
    
    
   
 41,998 
    
 
   
   
 
   Greater than 5 years 
   
   
 85,394 
    
    
   
 4,713 
    
    
   
 90,107 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 144,593 
    
    
   
 15,427 
    
    
   
 160,020 
    
 
   
   
 
   Netting 
   
   
 (103,087 
 )  
    
   
 (6,507 
 )  
    
   
 (109,594 
 )  
 
   OTC derivative assets 
   
   
 $   41,506 
    
    
   
 $  8,920 
    
    
   
 $   50,426 
    
 
   Net credit exposure 
   
   
 $   27,001 
    
    
   
 $  7,368 
    
    
   
 $   34,369 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Tenor is based on expected duration for mortgage-related credit derivatives and generally on remaining
contractual maturity for other derivatives.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Receivable and payable balances with the same counterparty in the same tenor category are netted within such
tenor category.  

 
 
 • 
   
   Receivable and payable balances for the same counterparty across tenor categories are netted under enforceable
netting agreements, and cash collateral received is netted under enforceable credit support agreements.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Net credit exposure represents OTC derivative assets, included in “Financial instruments owned, at fair
value,” less cash collateral and the fair value of securities collateral, primarily U.S. government and federal agency obligations and non-U.S. government and agency obligations, received under credit support agreements, which management
considers when determining credit risk, but such collateral is not eligible for netting under U.S. GAAP.    The tables
below present the distribution of our exposure to OTC derivatives by tenor and our internally determined public rating agency equivalents.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Investment-Grade 


 
 $ in millions 
   
 AAA  
   
   
 AA 
    
   
   
 A 
    
   
 BBB  
   
 Total  
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Less than 1 year 
   
 $    332  
   
   
 $   4,907 
    
   
   
 $ 12,595 
    
   
 $   7,006  
   
 $   24,840  
 
   
 
   1 - 5 years 
   
 862  
   
   
 6,898 
    
   
   
 12,814 
    
   
 10,227  
   
 30,801  
 
   
 
   Greater than 5 years 
   
 3,182  
   
   
 42,400 
    
   
   
 19,682 
    
   
 20,687  
   
 85,951  
 
   Total 
   
 4,376  
   
   
 54,205 
    
   
   
 45,091 
    
   
 37,920  
   
 141,592  
 
   
 
   Netting 
   
 (1,860) 
   
   
 (40,095 
 )  
   
   
 (31,644 
 )  
   
 (22,894) 
   
 (96,493) 
 
   OTC derivative assets 
   
 $ 2,516  
   
   
 $ 14,110 
    
   
   
 $ 13,447 
    
   
 $ 15,026  
   
 $   45,099  
 
   Net credit exposure 
   
 $ 2,283  
   
   
 $   8,366 
    
   
   
 $   8,401 
    
   
 $   9,829  
   
 $   28,879  
 
       As of
December 2015 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Less than 1 year 
   
 $    411  
   
   
 $   6,059 
    
   
   
 $ 10,051 
    
   
 $   7,429  
   
 $   23,950  
 
   
 
   1 - 5 years 
   
 1,214  
   
   
 10,374 
    
   
   
 16,995 
    
   
 6,666  
   
 35,249  
 
   
 
   Greater than 5 years 
   
 3,205  
   
   
 40,879 
    
   
   
 20,507 
    
   
 20,803  
   
 85,394  
 
   Total 
   
 4,830  
   
   
 57,312 
    
   
   
 47,553 
    
   
 34,898  
   
 144,593  
 
   
 
   Netting 
   
 (2,202) 
   
   
 (40,872 
 )  
   
   
 (36,847 
 )  
   
 (23,166) 
   
 (103,087) 
 
   OTC derivative assets 
   
 $ 2,628  
   
   
 $ 16,440 
    
   
   
 $ 10,706 
    
   
 $ 11,732  
   
 $   41,506  
 
   Net credit exposure 
   
 $ 2,427  
   
   
 $ 10,269 
    
   
   
 $   6,652 
    
   
 $   7,653  
   
 $   27,001  
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Non-Investment-Grade / Unrated 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 BB or lower 
    
    
   
 Unrated 
    
    
   
 Total 
    
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Less than 1 year 
   
   
 $  3,661 
    
    
   
 $322 
    
    
   
 $  3,983 
    
 
   
   
 
   1 - 5 years 
   
   
 3,653 
    
    
   
 23 
    
    
   
 3,676 
    
 
   
   
 
   Greater than 5 years 
   
   
 4,437 
    
    
   
 162 
    
    
   
 4,599 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 11,751 
    
    
   
 507 
    
    
   
 12,258 
    
 
   
   
 
   Netting 
   
   
 (6,207 
 )  
    
   
 (25 
 )  
    
   
 (6,232 
 )  
 
   OTC derivative assets 
   
   
 $  5,544 
    
    
   
 $482 
    
    
   
 $  6,026 
    
 
   Net credit exposure 
   
   
 $  4,569 
    
    
   
 $353 
    
    
   
 $  4,922 
    
 
       As of December 2015 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Less than 1 year 
   
   
 $  3,657 
    
    
   
 $308 
    
    
   
 $  3,965 
    
 
   
   
 
   1 - 5 years 
   
   
 6,505 
    
    
   
 244 
    
    
   
 6,749 
    
 
   
   
 
   Greater than 5 years 
   
   
 4,434 
    
    
   
 279 
    
    
   
 4,713 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 14,596 
    
    
   
 831 
    
    
   
 15,427 
    
 
   
   
 
   Netting 
   
   
 (6,472 
 )  
    
   
 (35 
 )  
    
   
 (6,507 
 )  
 
   OTC derivative assets 
   
   
 $  8,124 
    
    
   
 $796 
    
    
   
 $  8,920 
    
 
   Net credit exposure 
   
   
 $  6,769 
    
    
   
 $599 
    
    
   
 $  7,368 
    
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 102 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Lending and Financing Activities.  We manage our lending and financing activities using the credit risk process, measures, limits and risk mitigants described above. Other lending positions, including secondary trading positions, are risk-managed
as a component of market risk.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Lending Activities.  Our lending activities include lending to
investment-grade and non-investment-grade corporate borrowers. Loans and lending commitments associated with these activities are principally used for operating liquidity and general corporate purposes or in connection with contingent acquisitions.
Corporate loans may be secured or unsecured, depending on the loan purpose, the risk profile of the borrower and other factors. Our lending activities also include extending loans to borrowers that are secured by commercial and other real estate.
See the tables below for further information about our credit exposures associated with these lending activities.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Securities Financing Transactions.  We enter into securities
financing transactions in order to, among other things, facilitate client activities, invest excess cash, acquire securities to cover short positions and finance certain firm activities. We bear credit risk related to resale agreements and
securities borrowed only to the extent that cash advanced or the value of securities pledged or delivered to the counterparty exceeds the value of the collateral received. We also have credit exposure on repurchase agreements and securities loaned
to the extent that the value of securities pledged or delivered to the counterparty for these transactions exceeds the amount of cash or collateral received. Securities collateral obtained for securities financing transactions primarily includes
U.S. government and federal agency obligations and non-U.S. government and agency obligations. We had approximately $29 billion and $27 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively, of credit exposure related to
securities financing transactions reflecting both netting agreements and collateral that management considers when determining credit risk. As of both December 2016 and December 2015, substantially all of our credit exposure related to
securities financing transactions was with investment-grade financial institutions, funds and governments, primarily located in the Americas and EMEA.
 

 
 
 • 
   
   Other Credit Exposures.  We are exposed to credit risk from our
receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations and customers and counterparties. Receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations are primarily comprised of initial margin placed with clearing organizations and receivables
related to sales of securities which have traded, but not yet settled. These receivables generally have minimal credit risk due to the low probability of clearing organization default and the short-term nature of receivables related to securities
settlements. Receivables from customers and counterparties are generally comprised of collateralized receivables related to customer securities transactions and generally have minimal credit risk due to both the value of the collateral received and
the short-term nature of these receivables. Our net credit exposure related to these activities was approximately $31 billion and $33 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively, and was primarily comprised of
initial margin (both cash and securities) placed with investment-grade clearing organizations. The regional breakdown of our net credit exposure related to these activities was approximately 44% and 44% in the Americas, approximately 42% and 45% in
EMEA, and approximately 14% and 11% in Asia as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively.      
 
 
   
   In addition, we extend other loans and lending commitments to our private wealth management clients that are primarily
secured by residential real estate, securities or other assets. We also purchase performing and distressed loans backed by residential real estate and consumer loans. The gross exposure related to such loans and lending commitments was approximately
$28 billion as of both December 2016 and December 2015. The regional breakdown of our net credit exposure related to these activities was approximately 90% and 84% in the Americas, approximately 8% and 14% in EMEA, and approximately
2% and 2% in Asia as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively. The fair value of the collateral received against such loans and lending commitments generally exceeded the gross carrying amount as of both December 2016 and
December 2015.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 103 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
  
  Credit Exposure by Industry, Region and Credit Quality  
 The tables below present our credit exposure related to cash, OTC derivatives, and loans and lending commitments (excluding credit exposures
described above in “Securities Financing Transactions” and “Other Credit Exposures”) broken down by industry, region and credit quality.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Cash as of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Credit Exposure by Industry 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Funds 
   
   
 $       138 
    
    
   
 $     176 
    
 
   
   
 
   Financial Institutions 
   
   
 11,836 
    
    
   
 12,799 
    
 
   
   
 
   Sovereign 
   
   
 95,092 
    
    
   
 62,130 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $107,066 
    
    
   
 $75,105 
    
 
       Credit Exposure by Region 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
   
   
 $  80,381 
    
    
   
 $54,846 
    
 
   
   
 
   EMEA 
   
   
 16,099 
    
    
   
 8,496 
    
 
   
   
 
   Asia 
   
   
 10,586 
    
    
   
 11,763 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $107,066 
    
    
   
 $75,105 
    
 
       Credit Exposure by Credit
Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
        
 
   AAA 
   
   
 $  83,899 
    
    
   
 $55,626 
    
 
   
   
 
   AA 
   
   
 8,784 
    
    
   
 4,286 
    
 
   
   
 
   A 
   
   
 13,344 
    
    
   
 14,243 
    
 
   
   
 
   BBB 
   
   
 971 
    
    
   
 855 
    
 
   
   
 
   BB or lower 
   
   
 68 
    
    
   
 95 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $107,066 
    
    
   
 $75,105 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   OTC Derivatives 
 as of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Credit Exposure by Industry 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Funds 
   
   
 $  13,294 
    
    
   
 $10,899 
    
 
   
   
 
   Financial Institutions 
   
   
 14,116 
    
    
   
 11,314 
    
 
   
   
 
   Consumer, Retail & Healthcare 
   
   
 773 
    
    
   
 1,553 
    
 
   
   
 
   Sovereign 
   
   
 7,019 
    
    
   
 7,566 
    
 
   
   
 
   Municipalities & Nonprofit 
   
   
 2,959 
    
    
   
 3,984 
    
 
   
   
 
   Natural Resources & Utilities 
   
   
 3,707 
    
    
   
 4,846 
    
 
   
   
 
   Real Estate 
   
   
 85 
    
    
   
 205 
    
 
   
   
 
   Technology, Media & Telecommunications 
   
   
 4,188 
    
    
   
 1,839 
    
 
   
   
 
   Diversified Industrials 
   
   
 2,529 
    
    
   
 5,008 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other (including Special Purpose Vehicles) 
   
   
 2,455 
    
    
   
 3,212 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $  51,125 
    
    
   
 $50,426 
    
 
       Credit Exposure by Region 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
   
   
 $  19,629 
    
    
   
 $17,724 
    
 
   
   
 
   EMEA 
   
   
 26,536 
    
    
   
 27,113 
    
 
   
   
 
   Asia 
   
   
 4,960 
    
    
   
 5,589 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $  51,125 
    
    
   
 $50,426 
    
 
       Credit Exposure by Credit
Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
        
 
   AAA 
   
   
 $    2,516 
    
    
   
 $  2,628 
    
 
   
   
 
   AA 
   
   
 14,110 
    
    
   
 16,440 
    
 
   
   
 
   A 
   
   
 13,447 
    
    
   
 10,706 
    
 
   
   
 
   BBB 
   
   
 15,026 
    
    
   
 11,732 
    
 
   
   
 
   BB or lower 
   
   
 5,544 
    
    
   
 8,124 
    
 
   
   
 
   Unrated 
   
   
 482 
    
    
   
 796 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $  51,125 
    
    
   
 $50,426 
    
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Loans and Lending Commitments as of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Credit Exposure by Industry 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Funds 
   
   
 $    3,854 
    
    
   
 $    2,595 
    
 
   
   
 
   Financial Institutions 
   
   
 13,630 
    
    
   
 14,063 
    
 
   
   
 
   Consumer, Retail & Healthcare 
   
   
 30,007 
    
    
   
 31,944 
    
 
   
   
 
   Sovereign 
   
   
 902 
    
    
   
 419 
    
 
   
   
 
   Municipalities & Nonprofit 
   
   
 709 
    
    
   
 628 
    
 
   
   
 
   Natural Resources & Utilities 
   
   
 25,694 
    
    
   
 24,476 
    
 
   
   
 
   Real Estate 
   
   
 13,034 
    
    
   
 15,045 
    
 
   
   
 
   Technology, Media & Telecommunications 
   
   
 33,232 
    
    
   
 36,444 
    
 
   
   
 
   Diversified Industrials 
   
   
 20,847 
    
    
   
 20,047 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other (including Special Purpose Vehicles) 
   
   
 12,301 
    
    
   
 13,941 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $154,210 
    
    
   
 $159,602 
    
 
       Credit Exposure by Region 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
   
   
 $115,145 
    
    
   
 $121,271 
    
 
   
   
 
   EMEA 
   
   
 35,044 
    
    
   
 33,061 
    
 
   
   
 
   Asia 
   
   
 4,021 
    
    
   
 5,270 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $154,210 
    
    
   
 $159,602 
    
 
       Credit Exposure by Credit
Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
        
 
   AAA 
   
   
 $    3,135 
    
    
   
 $    4,148 
    
 
   
   
 
   AA 
   
   
 8,375 
    
    
   
 7,716 
    
 
   
   
 
   A 
   
   
 29,227 
    
    
   
 27,212 
    
 
   
   
 
   BBB 
   
   
 43,151 
    
    
   
 43,937 
    
 
   
   
 
   BB or lower 
   
   
 69,745 
    
    
   
 76,049 
    
 
   
   
 
   Unrated 
   
   
 577 
    
    
   
 540 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $154,210 
    
    
   
 $159,602 
    
   Selected Exposures  
 The section below provides information about our credit and market exposure to certain countries that have had heightened focus due to recent
events and broad market concerns. Credit exposure represents the potential for loss due to the default or deterioration in credit quality of a counterparty or borrower. Market exposure represents the potential for loss in value of our long and short
inventory due to changes in market prices.    Current levels of oil prices continue to raise concerns about Venezuela and Nigeria, and their
sovereign debt. The political situation in Iraq has led to ongoing concerns about its economic stability. The debt crisis in Mozambique has resulted in the suspension of its funding by the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, as well as
credit rating downgrades. In addition, currency trading restrictions in Malaysia have negatively impacted investor confidence and raised concerns about the potential for further restrictions.  
 Our total credit and market exposure to each of Iraq, Venezuela, Nigeria, Mozambique and Malaysia as of December 2016 was not material.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 104 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  We have a comprehensive framework to monitor, measure and assess our country exposures and to
determine our risk appetite. We determine the country of risk by the location of the counterparty, issuer or underlier’s assets, where they generate revenue, the country in which they are headquartered, the jurisdiction where a claim against
them could be enforced, and/or the government whose policies affect their ability to repay their obligations. We monitor our credit exposure to a specific country both at the individual counterparty level as well as at the aggregate country level.
   We use regular stress tests, described above, to calculate the credit exposures, including potential concentrations that would result from
applying shocks to counterparty credit ratings or credit risk factors. To supplement these regular stress tests, we also conduct tailored stress tests on an ad hoc basis in response to specific market events that we deem significant. These stress
tests are designed to estimate the direct impact of the event on our credit and market exposures resulting from shocks to risk factors including, but not limited to, currency rates, interest rates, and equity prices. We also utilize these stress
tests to estimate the indirect impact of certain hypothetical events on our country exposures, such as the impact of credit market deterioration on corporate borrowers and counterparties along with the shocks to the risk factors described above. The
parameters of these shocks vary based on the scenario reflected in each stress test. We review estimated losses produced by the stress tests in order to understand their magnitude, highlight potential loss concentrations, and assess and mitigate our
exposures where necessary.    See “Stress Tests” above, “Liquidity Risk Management — Liquidity Stress Tests”
and “Market Risk Management — Market Risk Management Process 
— Stress Testing” for further information about stress tests.    Operational Risk Management  
 Overview    Operational risk is the risk of loss
resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. Our exposure to operational risk arises from routine processing errors as well as extraordinary incidents, such as major systems failures or legal
and regulatory matters.    Potential types of loss events related to internal and external operational risk include:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Clients, products and business practices;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Execution, delivery and process management;
 

 
 
 • 
   
   Business disruption and system failures;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Employment practices and workplace safety;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Damage to physical assets;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Internal fraud; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   External fraud.  
 We maintain a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. The Firmwide
Operational Risk Committee provides oversight of the ongoing development and implementation of our operational risk policies and framework. Operational Risk Management is a risk management function independent of our revenue-producing units, reports
to our chief risk officer, and is responsible for developing and implementing policies, methodologies and a formalized framework for operational risk management with the goal of minimizing our exposure to operational risk.  
 Operational Risk Management Process    Managing
operational risk requires timely and accurate information as well as a strong control culture. We seek to manage our operational risk through:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Training, supervision and development of our people;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Active participation of senior management in identifying and mitigating our key operational risks;
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Independent control and support functions that monitor operational risk on a daily basis, and implementation
of extensive policies and procedures, and controls designed to prevent the occurrence of operational risk events;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Proactive communication between our revenue producing units and our independent control and support functions;
and      
 
 
 • 
   
   A network of systems to facilitate the collection of data used to analyze and assess our operational risk
exposure.    We combine top-down and bottom-up approaches to manage and measure operational risk. From a top-down
perspective, our senior management assesses firmwide and business-level operational risk profiles. From a bottom-up perspective, revenue-producing units and independent control and support functions are responsible for risk identification and risk
management on a day-to-day basis, including escalating operational risks to senior management.    Our operational risk management framework
is in part designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the Revised Capital Framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 105 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Our operational risk management framework comprises the following practices:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Risk identification and assessment;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Risk measurement; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Risk monitoring and reporting.  
 Internal Audit performs an independent review of our operational risk management framework, including our key controls, processes and
applications, on an annual basis to assess the effectiveness of our framework.    Risk Identification and Assessment  
 The core of our operational risk management framework is risk identification and assessment. We have a comprehensive data collection process,
including firmwide policies and procedures, for operational risk events.    We have established policies that require our revenue-producing
units and our independent control and support functions to report and escalate operational risk events. When operational risk events are identified, our policies require that the events be documented and analyzed to determine whether changes are
required in our systems and/or processes to further mitigate the risk of future events.    In addition, our systems capture internal
operational risk event data, key metrics such as transaction volumes, and statistical information such as performance trends. We use an internally developed operational risk management application to aggregate and organize this information. One of
our key risk identification and assessment tools is an operational risk and control self-assessment process which is performed by managers from both revenue-producing units and independent control and support functions. This process consists of the
identification and rating of operational risks, on a forward-looking basis, and the related controls. The results from this process are analyzed to evaluate operational risk exposures and identify businesses, activities or products with heightened
levels of operational risk.    Risk Measurement  
 We measure our operational risk exposure over a twelve-month time horizon using both statistical modeling and scenario analyses, which involve
qualitative assessments of the potential frequency and extent of potential operational risk losses, for each of our businesses. Operational risk measurement incorporates qualitative and quantitative assessments of factors including:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Internal and external operational risk event data;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Assessments of our internal controls;
 

 
 
 • 
   
   Evaluations of the complexity of our business activities;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The degree of and potential for automation in our processes;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   New activity information;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The legal and regulatory environment;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Changes in the markets for our products and services, including the diversity and sophistication of our
customers and counterparties; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   Liquidity of the capital markets and the reliability of the infrastructure that supports the capital markets.
   The results from these scenario analyses are used to monitor changes in operational risk and to determine business lines
that may have heightened exposure to operational risk. These analyses ultimately are used in the determination of the appropriate level of operational risk capital to hold.  
 Risk Monitoring and Reporting    We evaluate changes
in the operational risk profile of the firm and its businesses, including changes in business mix or jurisdictions in which we operate, by monitoring the factors noted above at a firmwide level. We have both preventive and detective internal
controls, which are designed to reduce the frequency and severity of operational risk losses and the probability of operational risk events. We monitor the results of assessments and independent internal audits of these internal controls.  
 We also provide periodic operational risk reports to senior management, risk committees and the Board. In addition, we have established
thresholds to monitor the impact of an operational risk event, including single loss events and cumulative losses over a twelve-month period, as well as escalation protocols. We also provide periodic operational risk reports, which include incidents
that breach escalation thresholds, to senior management, firmwide and divisional risk committees and the Risk Committee of the Board.    Model Review and Validation
   The statistical models utilized by Operational Risk Management are subject to independent review and validation by Model Risk
Management. See “Model Risk Management” for further information about the review and validation of these models.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 106 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      
 
  Model Risk Management  
 Overview    Model risk is the potential for adverse
consequences from decisions made based on model outputs that may be incorrect or used inappropriately. We rely on quantitative models across our business activities primarily to value certain financial assets and liabilities, to monitor and manage
our risk, and to measure and monitor our regulatory capital.    Our model risk management framework is managed through a governance structure
and risk management controls, which encompass standards designed to ensure we maintain a comprehensive model inventory, including risk assessment and classification, sound model development practices, independent review and model-specific usage
controls. The Firmwide Risk Committee and the Firmwide Model Risk Control Committee oversee our model risk management framework. Model Risk Management, which is independent of model developers, model owners and model users, reports to our chief risk
officer, is responsible for identifying and reporting significant risks associated with models, and provides periodic updates to senior management, risk committees and the Risk Committee of the Board.  
 Model Review and Validation    Model Risk Management
consists of quantitative professionals who perform an independent review, validation and approval of our models. This review includes an analysis of the model documentation, independent testing, an assessment of the appropriateness of the
methodology used, and verification of compliance with model development and implementation standards. Model Risk Management reviews all existing models on an annual basis, as well as new models or significant changes to models.
 
  The model validation process incorporates a review of models and trade and risk parameters
across a broad range of scenarios (including extreme conditions) in order to critically evaluate and verify:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The model’s conceptual soundness, including the reasonableness of model assumptions, and suitability for
intended use;      
 
 
 • 
   
   The testing strategy utilized by the model developers to ensure that the models function as intended;
     
 
 
 • 
   
   The suitability of the calculation techniques incorporated in the model;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The model’s accuracy in reflecting the characteristics of the related product and its significant risks;
     
 
 
 • 
   
   The model’s consistency with models for similar products; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The model’s sensitivity to input parameters and assumptions.  
 See “Critical Accounting Policies — Fair Value — Review of Valuation Models,” “Liquidity Risk
Management,” “Market Risk Management,” “Credit Risk Management” and “Operational Risk Management” for further information about our use of models within these areas.  
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
 Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk are set forth under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations — Overview and Structure of Risk Management” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 107 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
  
  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
 Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
 
   

   
  Management of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries (the
firm), is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The firm’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the firm’s principal executive
and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the firm’s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles.    As of December 31, 2016, management conducted an assessment of the firm’s internal control over
financial reporting based on the framework established in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework   (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment,
management has determined that the firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 was effective.
 
  Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the firm; and provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the firm’s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.  
 The firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an
independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report appearing on page 109, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2016.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 108 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
 
    
 
   
  To the Board of Directors and the Shareholders of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.:  
 In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition and the related consolidated statements of earnings, statements
of comprehensive income, statements of changes in shareholders’ equity and statements of cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) at
December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in  Internal Control — Integrated
Framework   (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial
reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing on page 108. Our responsibility is to express opinions on
these financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
 
  A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate.    /s/ PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP  
 New York, New York  
 February 24, 2017
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 109 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 in millions, except per share amounts 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Revenues 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investment banking 
   
   
 $  6,273 
    
    
   
 $  7,027 
    
    
   
 $  6,464 
    
 
   
   
 
   Investment management 
   
   
 5,407 
    
    
   
 5,868 
    
    
   
 5,748 
    
 
   
   
 
   Commissions and fees 
   
   
 3,208 
    
    
   
 3,320 
    
    
   
 3,316 
    
 
   
   
 
   Market making 
   
   
 9,933 
    
    
   
 9,523 
    
    
   
 8,365 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other principal transactions 
   
   
 3,200 
    
    
   
 5,018 
    
    
   
 6,588 
    
 
   Total non-interest revenues 
   
   
 28,021 
    
    
   
 30,756 
    
    
   
 30,481 
    
 
   
   
 
       Interest income 
   
   
 9,691 
    
    
   
 8,452 
    
    
   
 9,604 
    
 
   
   
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 7,104 
    
    
   
 5,388 
    
    
   
 5,557 
    
 
   Net interest income 
   
   
 2,587 
    
    
   
 3,064 
    
    
   
 4,047 
    
 
   Net revenues, including net interest income 
   
   
 30,608 
    
    
   
 33,820 
    
    
   
 34,528 
    
 
       Operating expenses 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and benefits 
   
   
 11,647 
    
    
   
 12,678 
    
    
   
 12,691 
    
 
   
   
 
       Brokerage, clearing, exchange and
distribution fees 
   
   
 2,555 
    
    
   
 2,576 
    
    
   
 2,501 
    
 
   
   
 
   Market development 
   
   
 457 
    
    
   
 557 
    
    
   
 549 
    
 
   
   
 
   Communications and technology 
   
   
 809 
    
    
   
 806 
    
    
   
 779 
    
 
   
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 998 
    
    
   
 991 
    
    
   
 1,337 
    
 
   
   
 
   Occupancy 
   
   
 788 
    
    
   
 772 
    
    
   
 827 
    
 
   
   
 
   Professional fees 
   
   
 882 
    
    
   
 963 
    
    
   
 902 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other expenses 
   
   
 2,168 
    
    
   
 5,699 
    
    
   
 2,585 
    
 
   Total non-compensation expenses 
   
   
 8,657 
    
    
   
 12,364 
    
    
   
 9,480 
    
 
   Total operating expenses 
   
   
 20,304 
    
    
   
 25,042 
    
    
   
 22,171 
    
 
       Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 10,304 
    
    
   
 8,778 
    
    
   
 12,357 
    
 
   
   
 
   Provision for taxes 
   
   
 2,906 
    
    
   
 2,695 
    
    
   
 3,880 
    
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 7,398 
    
    
   
 6,083 
    
    
   
 8,477 
    
 
   
   
 
   Preferred stock dividends 
   
   
 311 
    
    
   
 515 
    
    
   
 400 
    
 
   Net earnings applicable to common shareholders 
   
   
 $  7,087 
    
    
   
 $  5,568 
    
    
   
 $  8,077 
    
 
       Earnings per common share 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 $  16.53 
    
    
   
 $  12.35 
    
    
   
 $  17.55 
    
 
   
   
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 16.29 
    
    
   
 12.14 
    
    
   
 17.07 
    
 
   
   
 
       Average common shares 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 427.4 
    
    
   
 448.9 
    
    
   
 458.9 
    
 
   
   
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 435.1 
    
    
   
 458.6 
    
    
   
 473.2 
    
       The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements.  
    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 110 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 $7,398 
    
    
   
 $6,083 
    
    
   
 $8,477 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other comprehensive income/(loss) adjustments, net of tax: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Currency translation 
   
   
 (60 
 )  
    
   
 (114 
 )  
    
   
 (109 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Debt valuation adjustment 
   
   
 (544 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Pension and postretirement liabilities 
   
   
 (199 
 )  
    
   
 139 
    
    
   
 (102 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Cash flow hedges 
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (8 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
   
   
 (803 
 )  
    
   
 25 
    
    
   
 (219 
 )  
 
   Comprehensive income 
   
   
 $6,595 
    
    
   
 $6,108 
    
    
   
 $8,258 
    
             
     The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.  
    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 111 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions, except per share amounts 
   
   
 2016 
    
   
   
 2015 
    
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 $121,711 
    
   
   
 $  93,439 
    
 
   
   
 
   Collateralized agreements: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Securities purchased under agreements to resell and federal funds sold (includes $116,077 as of
December 2016 and $132,853 as of December 2015, at fair value) 
   
   
 116,925 
    
   
   
 134,308 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities borrowed (includes $82,398 as of December 2016 and $75,340 as of December 2015, at fair
value) 
   
   
 184,600 
    
   
   
 177,638 
    
 
   
   
 
   Receivables: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Brokers, dealers and clearing organizations 
   
   
 18,044 
    
   
   
 25,453 
    
 
   
   
 
   Customers and counterparties (includes $3,266 as of December 2016 and $4,992 as of December 2015,
at fair value) 
   
   
 47,780 
    
   
   
 46,430 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans receivable 
   
   
 49,672 
    
   
   
 45,407 
    
 
   
   
 
   Financial instruments owned, at fair value (includes $51,278 as of December 2016 and $54,426 as of
December 2015, pledged as collateral) 
   
   
 295,952 
    
   
   
 313,502 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 25,481 
    
   
   
 25,218 
    
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 $860,165 
    
   
   
 $861,395 
    
 
       Liabilities and shareholders’
equity 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deposits (includes $13,782 as of December 2016 and $14,680 as of December 2015, at fair
value) 
   
   
 $124,098 
    
   
   
 $  97,519 
    
 
   
   
 
   Collateralized financings: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Securities sold under agreements to repurchase, at fair value 
   
   
 71,816 
    
   
   
 86,069 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities loaned (includes $2,647 as of December 2016 and $466 as of December 2015, at fair
value) 
   
   
 7,524 
    
   
   
 3,614 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other secured financings (includes $21,073 as of December 2016 and $23,207 as of December 2015, at
fair value) 
   
   
 21,523 
    
   
   
 24,753 
    
 
   
   
 
   Payables: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Brokers, dealers and clearing organizations 
   
   
 4,386 
    
   
   
 5,406 
    
 
   
   
 
   Customers and counterparties 
   
   
 184,069 
    
   
   
 204,956 
    
 
   
   
 
   Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value 
   
   
 117,143 
    
   
   
 115,248 
    
 
   
   
 
   Unsecured short-term borrowings, including the current portion of unsecured long-term borrowings (includes
$14,792 as of December 2016 and $17,743 as of December 2015, at fair value) 
   
   
 39,265 
    
   
   
 42,787 
    
 
   
   
 
   Unsecured long-term borrowings (includes $29,410 as of December 2016 and $22,273 as of
December 2015, at fair value) 
   
   
 189,086 
    
   
   
 175,422 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other liabilities and accrued expenses (includes $621 as of
December 2016 and $1,253 as of December 2015, at fair value) 
   
   
 14,362 
    
   
   
 18,893 
    
 
   Total liabilities 
   
   
 773,272 
    
   
   
 774,667 
    
 
   
   
 
       Commitments, contingencies and
guarantees 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
       Shareholders’ equity 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share; aggregate liquidation preference of $11,203 as of
December 2016 and $11,200 as of December 2015 
   
   
 11,203 
    
   
   
 11,200 
    
 
   
   
 
   Common stock, par value $0.01 per share; 4,000,000,000 shares authorized, 873,608,100 shares issued as of
December 2016 and 863,976,731 shares issued as of December 2015, and 392,632,230 shares outstanding as of December 2016 and 419,480,736 shares outstanding as of December 2015 
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 9 
    
 
   
   
 
   Share-based awards 
   
   
 3,914 
    
   
   
 4,151 
    
 
   
   
 
   Nonvoting common stock, par value $0.01 per share; 200,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and
outstanding 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
   
 52,638 
    
   
   
 51,340 
    
 
   
   
 
   Retained earnings 
   
   
 89,039 
    
   
   
 83,386 
    
 
   
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 (1,216 
 )  
   
   
 (718 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Stock held in treasury, at cost, par value $0.01 per share;
480,975,872 shares as of December 2016 and 444,495,997 shares as of December 2015 
   
   
 (68,694 
 )  
   
   
 (62,640 
 )  
 
   Total shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 86,893 
    
   
   
 86,728 
    
 
   Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 $860,165 
    
   
   
 $861,395 
    
       The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements.  
    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 112 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Preferred stock 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $ 11,200 
    
    
   
 $   9,200 
    
    
   
 $   7,200 
    
 
   
   
 
   Issued 
   
   
 1,325 
    
    
   
 2,000 
    
    
   
 2,000 
    
 
   
   
 
   Redeemed 
   
   
 (1,322 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 11,203 
    
    
   
 11,200 
    
    
   
 9,200 
    
 
   
   
 
   Common stock 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 9 
    
    
   
 9 
    
    
   
 8 
    
 
   
   
 
   Issued 
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 9 
    
    
   
 9 
    
    
   
 9 
    
 
   
   
 
   Share-based awards 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 4,151 
    
    
   
 3,766 
    
    
   
 3,839 
    
 
   
   
 
   Issuance and amortization of share-based awards 
   
   
 2,143 
    
    
   
 2,308 
    
    
   
 2,079 
    
 
   
   
 
   Delivery of common stock underlying share-based awards 
   
   
 (2,068 
 )  
    
   
 (1,742 
 )  
    
   
 (1,725 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Forfeiture of share-based awards 
   
   
 (102 
 )  
    
   
 (72 
 )  
    
   
 (92 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Exercise of share-based awards 
   
   
 (210 
 )  
    
   
 (109 
 )  
    
   
 (335 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 3,914 
    
    
   
 4,151 
    
    
   
 3,766 
    
 
   
   
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 51,340 
    
    
   
 50,049 
    
    
   
 48,998 
    
 
   
   
 
   Delivery of common stock underlying share-based awards 
   
   
 2,282 
    
    
   
 2,092 
    
    
   
 2,206 
    
 
   
   
 
   Cancellation of share-based awards in satisfaction of withholding tax requirements 
   
   
 (1,121 
 )  
    
   
 (1,198 
 )  
    
   
 (1,922 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Preferred stock issuance costs, net 
   
   
 (10 
 )  
    
   
 (7 
 )  
    
   
 (20 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Excess net tax benefit related to share-based awards 
   
   
 147 
    
    
   
 406 
    
    
   
 788 
    
 
   
   
 
   Cash settlement of share-based awards 
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (2 
 )  
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 52,638 
    
    
   
 51,340 
    
    
   
 50,049 
    
 
   
   
 
   Retained earnings 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance, as previously reported 
   
   
 83,386 
    
    
   
 78,984 
    
    
   
 71,961 
    
 
   
   
 
   Reclassification of cumulative debt valuation adjustment, net of tax,
to accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 (305 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Beginning balance, adjusted 
   
   
 83,081 
    
    
   
 78,984 
    
    
   
 71,961 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 7,398 
    
    
   
 6,083 
    
    
   
 8,477 
    
 
   
   
 
   Dividends and dividend equivalents declared on common stock and share-based awards 
   
   
 (1,129 
 )  
    
   
 (1,166 
 )  
    
   
 (1,054 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Dividends declared on preferred stock 
   
   
 (577 
 )  
    
   
 (515 
 )  
    
   
 (400 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Preferred stock redemption discount 
   
   
 266 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 89,039 
    
    
   
 83,386 
    
    
   
 78,984 
    
 
   
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance, as previously reported 
   
   
 (718 
 )  
    
   
 (743 
 )  
    
   
 (524 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Reclassification of cumulative debt valuation adjustment, net of tax,
from retained earnings 
   
   
 305 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Beginning balance, adjusted 
   
   
 (413 
 )  
    
   
 (743 
 )  
    
   
 (524 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
   
   
 (803 
 )  
    
   
 25 
    
    
   
 (219 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 (1,216 
 )  
    
   
 (718 
 )  
    
   
 (743 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Stock held in treasury, at cost 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 (62,640 
 )  
    
   
 (58,468 
 )  
    
   
 (53,015 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Repurchased 
   
   
 (6,069 
 )  
    
   
 (4,195 
 )  
    
   
 (5,469 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Reissued 
   
   
 22 
    
    
   
 32 
    
    
   
 49 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 (7 
 )  
    
   
 (9 
 )  
    
   
 (33 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 (68,694 
 )  
    
   
 (62,640 
 )  
    
   
 (58,468 
 )  
 
   Total shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 $ 86,893 
    
    
   
 $ 86,728 
    
    
   
 $ 82,797 
    
       The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.  
    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 113 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Cash flows from operating activities 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 $    7,398 
    
    
   
 $   6,083 
    
    
   
 $   8,477 
    
 
   
   
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by/(used for) operating activities: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 998 
    
    
   
 991 
    
    
   
 1,337 
    
 
   
   
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 551 
    
    
   
 425 
    
    
   
 495 
    
 
   
   
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 2,111 
    
    
   
 2,272 
    
    
   
 2,085 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loss/(gain) related to extinguishment of junior subordinated debt 
   
   
 3 
    
    
   
 (34 
 )  
    
   
 (289 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Receivables and payables (excluding loans receivable), net 
   
   
 (15,813 
 )  
    
   
 19,132 
    
    
   
 12,328 
    
 
   
   
 
   Collateralized transactions (excluding other secured financings), net 
   
   
 78 
    
    
   
 (14,825 
 )  
    
   
 (52,793 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Financial instruments owned, at fair value 
   
   
 15,253 
    
    
   
 16,078 
    
    
   
 25,881 
    
 
   
   
 
   Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value 
   
   
 1,960 
    
    
   
 (16,835 
 )  
    
   
 4,642 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 (6,969 
 )  
    
   
 (5,417 
 )  
    
   
 (10,095 
 )  
 
   Net cash provided by/(used for) operating activities 
   
   
 5,570 
    
    
   
 7,870 
    
    
   
 (7,932 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Cash flows from investing activities 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Purchase of property, leasehold improvements and equipment 
   
   
 (2,876 
 )  
    
   
 (1,833 
 )  
    
   
 (678 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Proceeds from sales of property, leasehold improvements and equipment 
   
   
 381 
    
    
   
 228 
    
    
   
 30 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net cash acquired in/(used for) business acquisitions 
   
   
 14,922 
    
    
   
 (1,808 
 )  
    
   
 (1,732 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Proceeds from sales of investments 
   
   
 1,512 
    
    
   
 1,019 
    
    
   
 1,514 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans receivable, net 
   
   
 (4,669 
 )  
    
   
 (16,180 
 )  
    
   
 (14,043 
 )  
 
   Net cash provided by/(used for) investing activities 
   
   
 9,270 
    
    
   
 (18,574 
 )  
    
   
 (14,909 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Cash flows from financing activities 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unsecured short-term borrowings, net 
   
   
 (1,506 
 )  
    
   
 (369 
 )  
    
   
 1,659 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other secured financings (short-term), net 
   
   
 (808 
 )  
    
   
 (867 
 )  
    
   
 (837 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Proceeds from issuance of other secured financings (long-term) 
   
   
 4,186 
    
    
   
 10,349 
    
    
   
 6,900 
    
 
   
   
 
   Repayment of other secured financings (long-term), including the current portion 
   
   
 (7,375 
 )  
    
   
 (6,502 
 )  
    
   
 (7,636 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Purchase of APEX, senior guaranteed securities and trust preferred securities 
   
   
 (1,171 
 )  
    
   
 (1 
 )  
    
   
 (1,611 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Proceeds from issuance of unsecured long-term borrowings 
   
   
 50,763 
    
    
   
 44,595 
    
    
   
 39,857 
    
 
   
   
 
   Repayment of unsecured long-term borrowings, including the current portion 
   
   
 (36,557 
 )  
    
   
 (29,520 
 )  
    
   
 (28,138 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Derivative contracts with a financing element, net 
   
   
 2,115 
    
    
   
 (47 
 )  
    
   
 643 
    
 
   
   
 
   Deposits, net 
   
   
 10,058 
    
    
   
 14,639 
    
    
   
 12,201 
    
 
   
   
 
   Common stock repurchased 
   
   
 (6,078 
 )  
    
   
 (4,135 
 )  
    
   
 (5,469 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Dividends and dividend equivalents paid on common stock, preferred stock and share-based awards 
   
   
 (1,706 
 )  
    
   
 (1,681 
 )  
    
   
 (1,454 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs 
   
   
 1,303 
    
    
   
 1,993 
    
    
   
 1,980 
    
 
   
   
 
   Proceeds from issuance of common stock, including exercise of share-based awards 
   
   
 6 
    
    
   
 259 
    
    
   
 123 
    
 
   
   
 
   Excess tax benefit related to share-based awards 
   
   
 202 
    
    
   
 407 
    
    
   
 782 
    
 
   
   
 
   Cash settlement of share-based awards 
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (2 
 )  
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Net cash provided by financing activities 
   
   
 13,432 
    
    
   
 29,118 
    
    
   
 18,999 
    
 
   Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 28,272 
    
    
   
 18,414 
    
    
   
 (3,842 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning balance 
   
   
 93,439 
    
    
   
 75,025 
    
    
   
 78,867 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, ending balance 
   
   
 $121,711 
    
    
   
 $ 93,439 
    
    
   
 $ 75,025 
    
   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES:  
 Cash payments for interest, net of capitalized interest, were $7.14 billion, $4.82 billion and $6.43 billion, and cash payments for income
taxes, net of refunds, were $1.06 billion, $2.65 billion and $3.05 billion for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.    Cash flows
related to common stock repurchased includes common stock repurchased in the prior period for which settlement occurred during the current period and excludes common stock repurchased during the current period for which settlement occurred in the
following period.    Non-cash activities during 2016:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The impact of adoption of ASU No. 2015-02 was a net reduction to both total assets and liabilities of approximately
$200 million. See Note 3 for further information.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The firm sold assets and liabilities of $1.81 billion and $697 million, respectively, that were previously
classified as held for sale, in exchange for $1.11 billion of financial instruments.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The firm exchanged $1.04 billion of APEX for $1.31 billion of Series E and Series F Preferred Stock.
See Note 19 for further information.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The firm exchanged $127 million of senior guaranteed trust securities for $124 million of the firm’s
junior subordinated debt.    Non-cash activities during 2015:   
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The firm exchanged $262 million of Trust Preferred Securities and common beneficial interests for $296 million
of the firm’s junior subordinated debt.    Non-cash activities during 2014:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The firm exchanged $1.58 billion of Trust Preferred Securities, common beneficial interests and senior guaranteed
trust securities for $1.87 billion of the firm’s junior subordinated debt.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The firm sold certain consolidated investments and provided seller financing, which resulted in a non-cash increase to
loans receivable of $115 million.    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
 
    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 114 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
  Note 1.  
 Description of Business    The Goldman Sachs Group,
Inc. (Group Inc. or parent company), a Delaware corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the firm), is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of
financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial
centers around the world.    The firm reports its activities in the following four business segments:  
 Investment Banking    The firm provides a broad range
of investment banking services to a diverse group of corporations, financial institutions, investment funds and governments. Services include strategic advisory assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense
activities, restructurings, spin-offs and risk management, and debt and equity underwriting of public offerings and private placements, including local and cross-border transactions and acquisition financing, as well as derivative transactions
directly related to these activities.    Institutional Client Services  
 The firm facilitates client transactions and makes markets in fixed income, equity, currency and commodity products, primarily with
institutional clients such as corporations, financial institutions, investment funds and governments. The firm also makes markets in and clears client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide and provides financing,
securities lending and other prime brokerage services to institutional clients.
 
  Investing & Lending  
 The firm invests in and originates loans to provide financing to clients. These investments and loans are typically longer-term in nature. The
firm makes investments, some of which are consolidated, directly and indirectly through funds that the firm manages, in debt securities and loans, public and private equity securities, infrastructure and real estate entities. The firm also makes
unsecured loans to individuals through its online platform.    Investment Management  
 The firm provides investment management services and offers investment products (primarily through separately managed accounts and commingled
vehicles, such as mutual funds and private investment funds) across all major asset classes to a diverse set of institutional and individual clients. The firm also offers wealth advisory services, including portfolio management and financial
counseling, and brokerage and other transaction services to high-net-worth individuals and families.    Note 2.  
 Basis of Presentation    These consolidated financial
statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP) and include the accounts of Group Inc. and all other entities in which the firm has a controlling financial interest. Intercompany
transactions and balances have been eliminated.    All references to 2016, 2015 and 2014 refer to the firm’s years ended, or the
dates, as the context requires, December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively. Any reference to a future year refers to a year ending on December 31 of that year. Certain
reclassifications have been made to previously reported amounts to conform to the current presentation.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 115 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  Note 3.  
 Significant Accounting Policies  
   
  The firm’s significant accounting policies include when and how to measure the fair value
of assets and liabilities, accounting for goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, and when to consolidate an entity. See Notes 5 through 8 for policies on fair value measurements, Note 13 for policies on goodwill and identifiable
intangible assets, and below and Note 12 for policies on consolidation accounting. All other significant accounting policies are either described below or included in the following footnotes:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
   Financial Instruments Owned, at Fair Value and Financial 
 Instruments Sold, But Not Yet Purchased, at Fair Value 
   
   
 Note 4 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fair Value Measurements 
   
   
 Note 5 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash Instruments 
   
   
 Note 6 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
   
   
 Note 7 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fair Value Option 
   
   
 Note 8 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans Receivable 
   
   
 Note 9 
    
 
 
 
 
   Collateralized Agreements and Financings 
   
   
 Note 10 
    
 
 
 
 
   Securitization Activities 
   
   
 Note 11 
    
 
 
 
 
   Variable Interest Entities 
   
   
 Note 12 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other Assets 
   
   
 Note 13 
    
 
 
 
 
   Deposits 
   
   
 Note 14 
    
 
 
 
 
   Short-Term Borrowings 
   
   
 Note 15 
    
 
 
 
 
   Long-Term Borrowings 
   
   
 Note 16 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other Liabilities and Accrued Expenses 
   
   
 Note 17 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees 
   
   
 Note 18 
    
 
 
 
 
   Shareholders’ Equity 
   
   
 Note 19 
    
 
 
 
 
   Regulation and Capital Adequacy 
   
   
 Note 20 
    
 
 
 
 
   Earnings Per Common Share 
   
   
 Note 21 
    
 
 
 
 
   Transactions with Affiliated Funds 
   
   
 Note 22 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest Income and Interest Expense 
   
   
 Note 23 
    
 
 
 
 
   Income Taxes 
   
   
 Note 24 
    
 
 
 
 
   Business Segments 
   
   
 Note 25 
    
 
 
 
 
   Credit Concentrations 
   
   
 Note 26 
    
 
 
 
 
   Legal Proceedings 
   
   
 Note 27 
    
 
 
 
 
   Employee Benefit Plans 
   
   
 Note 28 
    
 
 
 
 
   Employee Incentive Plans 
   
   
 Note 29 
    
 
 
 
 
   Parent Company 
   
   
 Note 30 
    
   
  Consolidation  
 The firm consolidates entities in which the firm has a controlling financial interest. The firm determines whether it has a controlling
financial interest in an entity by first evaluating whether the entity is a voting interest entity or a variable interest entity (VIE).    Voting Interest Entities.  Voting interest entities are entities in which (i) the total equity investment at risk is sufficient to enable the entity to finance its
activities independently and (ii) the equity holders have the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact its economic performance, the obligation to absorb the losses of the entity and the right to receive the
residual returns of the entity. The usual condition for a controlling financial interest in a voting interest entity is ownership of a majority voting interest. If the firm has a controlling majority voting interest in a voting interest entity, the
entity is consolidated.    Variable Interest Entities.  A VIE is an entity that lacks one or more of the characteristics of a voting interest entity. The firm has a controlling financial interest in a VIE when the firm has a variable interest or interests that provide
it with (i) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could
potentially be significant to the VIE. See Note 12 for further information about VIEs.  
 Equity-Method Investments.  When the firm does not have
a controlling financial interest in an entity but can exert significant influence over the entity’s operating and financial policies, the investment is accounted for either (i) under the equity method of accounting or (ii) at fair
value by electing the fair value option available under U.S. GAAP. Significant influence generally exists when the firm owns 20% to 50% of the entity’s common stock or in-substance common stock.  
 In general, the firm accounts for investments acquired after the fair value option became available, at fair value. In certain cases, the firm
applies the equity method of accounting to new investments that are strategic in nature or closely related to the firm’s principal business activities, when the firm has a significant degree of involvement in the cash flows or operations of the
investee or when cost-benefit considerations are less significant. See Note 13 for further information about equity-method investments.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 116 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Investment Funds.  The firm has formed numerous investment funds with third-party investors. These funds are typically organized as limited partnerships or limited liability companies for which the firm acts as general partner or
manager. Generally, the firm does not hold a majority of the economic interests in these funds. These funds are usually voting interest entities and generally are not consolidated because third-party investors typically have rights to terminate the
funds or to remove the firm as general partner or manager. Investments in these funds are generally measured at net asset value (NAV) and are included in “Financial instruments owned, at fair value.” See Notes 6, 18 and 22 for further
information about investments in funds.    Use of Estimates  
 Preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions, the most important of
which relate to fair value measurements, accounting for goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, the provisions for losses that may arise from litigation, regulatory proceedings (including governmental investigations) and tax audits, and the
allowance for losses on loans and lending commitments held for investment. These estimates and assumptions are based on the best available information but actual results could be materially different.  
 Revenue Recognition  
 Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities at Fair
Value.  Financial instruments owned, at fair value and Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value are recorded at fair value either under the fair value option or in
accordance with other U.S. GAAP. In addition, the firm has elected to account for certain of its other financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value by electing the fair value option. The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount
that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Financial assets are marked to bid prices and financial liabilities are marked to offer prices.
Fair value measurements do not include transaction costs. Fair value gains or losses are generally included in “Market making” for positions in Institutional Client Services and “Other principal transactions” for positions in
Investing & Lending. See Notes 5 through 8 for further information about fair value measurements.
 
  Investment Banking.  Fees from financial advisory assignments and underwriting revenues are recognized in earnings when the services related to the underlying transaction are completed under the terms of the assignment. Expenses
associated with such transactions are deferred until the related revenue is recognized or the assignment is otherwise concluded. Expenses associated with financial advisory assignments are recorded as non-compensation expenses, net of client
reimbursements. Underwriting revenues are presented net of related expenses.    Investment
Management.  The firm earns management fees and incentive fees for investment management services. Management fees for mutual funds are calculated as a percentage of daily net asset value and are
received monthly. Management fees for hedge funds and separately managed accounts are calculated as a percentage of month-end net asset value and are generally received quarterly. Management fees for private equity funds are calculated as a
percentage of monthly invested capital or commitments and are received quarterly, semi-annually or annually, depending on the fund. All management fees are recognized over the period that the related service is provided. Incentive fees are
calculated as a percentage of a fund’s or separately managed account’s return, or excess return above a specified benchmark or other performance target. Incentive fees are generally based on investment performance over a 12-month period or
over the life of a fund. Fees that are based on performance over a 12-month period are subject to adjustment prior to the end of the measurement period. For fees that are based on investment performance over the life of the fund, future investment
underperformance may require fees previously distributed to the firm to be returned to the fund. Incentive fees are recognized only when all material contingencies have been resolved. Management and incentive fee revenues are included in
“Investment management” revenues.    The firm makes payments to brokers and advisors related to the placement of the
firm’s investment funds. These payments are calculated based on either a percentage of the management fee or the investment fund’s net asset value. Where the firm is principal to the arrangement, such costs are recorded on a gross basis
and included in “Brokerage, clearing, exchange and distribution fees,” and where the firm is agent to the arrangement, such costs are recorded on a net basis in “Investment management” revenues.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 117 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Commissions and Fees.  The firm earns “Commissions and fees” from executing and clearing client transactions on stock, options and futures markets, as well as over-the-counter (OTC) transactions. Commissions and fees are
recognized on the day the trade is executed.    Transfers of Assets  
 Transfers of assets are accounted for as sales when the firm has relinquished control over the assets transferred. For transfers of assets
accounted for as sales, any gains or losses are recognized in net revenues. Assets or liabilities that arise from the firm’s continuing involvement with transferred assets are initially recognized at fair value. For transfers of assets that are
not accounted for as sales, the assets generally remain in “Financial instruments owned, at fair value” and the transfer is accounted for as a collateralized financing, with the related interest expense recognized over the life of the
transaction. See Note 10 for further information about transfers of assets accounted for as collateralized financings and Note 11 for further information about transfers of assets accounted for as sales.  
 Cash and Cash Equivalents    The firm defines cash
equivalents as highly liquid overnight deposits held in the ordinary course of business. As of December 2016 and December 2015, “Cash and cash equivalents” included $11.15 billion and $14.71 billion, respectively, of
cash and due from banks, and $110.56 billion and $78.73 billion, respectively, of interest-bearing deposits with banks. The firm segregates cash for regulatory and other purposes related to client activity. As of December 2016 and
December 2015, $14.65 billion and $18.33 billion, respectively, of “Cash and cash equivalents” were segregated for regulatory and other purposes. See “Recent Accounting Developments” for further information.  
 In addition, the firm segregates securities for regulatory and other purposes related to client activity. See Note 10 for further
information about segregated securities.    Receivables from and Payables to Brokers, Dealers and Clearing Organizations  
 Receivables from and payables to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations are accounted for at cost plus accrued interest, which generally
approximates fair value. While these receivables and payables are carried at amounts that approximate fair value, they are not accounted for at fair value under the fair value option or at fair value in accordance with other U.S. GAAP and therefore
are not included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy in Notes 6 through 8. Had these receivables and payables been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, substantially all would have been classified in level 2 as of
December 2016 and December 2015.  
  Receivables from Customers and Counterparties  
 Receivables from customers and counterparties generally relate to collateralized transactions. Such receivables are primarily comprised of
customer margin loans, certain transfers of assets accounted for as secured loans rather than purchases at fair value and collateral posted in connection with certain derivative transactions. Substantially all of these receivables are accounted for
at amortized cost net of estimated uncollectible amounts. Certain of the firm’s receivables from customers and counterparties are accounted for at fair value under the fair value option, with changes in fair value generally included in
“Market making” revenues. See Note 8 for further information about receivables from customers and counterparties accounted for at fair value under the fair value option. In addition, as of December 2016 and December 2015,
the firm’s receivables from customers and counterparties included $2.60 billion and $2.35 billion, respectively, of loans held for sale, accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value. See Note 5 for an overview of the
firm’s fair value measurement policies.    As of December 2016 and December 2015, the carrying value of receivables not
accounted for at fair value generally approximated fair value. While these receivables are carried at amounts that approximate fair value, they are not accounted for at fair value under the fair value option or at fair value in accordance with other
U.S. GAAP and therefore are not included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy in Notes 6 through 8. Had these receivables been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, substantially all would have been classified in level 2 as
of December 2016 and December 2015. Interest on receivables from customers and counterparties is recognized over the life of the transaction and included in “Interest income.”  
 Payables to Customers and Counterparties    Payables
to customers and counterparties primarily consist of customer credit balances related to the firm’s prime brokerage activities. Payables to customers and counterparties are accounted for at cost plus accrued interest, which generally
approximates fair value. While these payables are carried at amounts that approximate fair value, they are not accounted for at fair value under the fair value option or at fair value in accordance with other U.S. GAAP and therefore are not included
in the firm’s fair value hierarchy in Notes 6 through 8. Had these payables been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, substantially all would have been classified in level 2 as of December 2016 and
December 2015. Interest on payables to customers and counterparties is recognized over the life of the transaction and included in “Interest expense.”
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 118 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Offsetting Assets and Liabilities  
 To reduce credit exposures on derivatives and securities financing transactions, the firm may enter into master netting agreements or similar
arrangements (collectively, netting agreements) with counterparties that permit it to offset receivables and payables with such counterparties. A netting agreement is a contract with a counterparty that permits net settlement of multiple
transactions with that counterparty, including upon the exercise of termination rights by a non-defaulting party. Upon exercise of such termination rights, all transactions governed by the netting agreement are terminated and a net settlement amount
is calculated. In addition, the firm receives and posts cash and securities collateral with respect to its derivatives and securities financing transactions, subject to the terms of the related credit support agreements or similar arrangements
(collectively, credit support agreements). An enforceable credit support agreement grants the non-defaulting party exercising termination rights the right to liquidate the collateral and apply the proceeds to any amounts owed. In order to assess
enforceability of the firm’s right of setoff under netting and credit support agreements, the firm evaluates various factors including applicable bankruptcy laws, local statutes and regulatory provisions in the jurisdiction of the parties to
the agreement.    Derivatives are reported on a net-by-counterparty basis (i.e., the net payable or receivable for derivative assets and
liabilities for a given counterparty) in the consolidated statements of financial condition when a legal right of setoff exists under an enforceable netting agreement. Resale and repurchase agreements and securities borrowed and loaned transactions
with the same term and currency are presented on a net-by-counterparty basis in the consolidated statements of financial condition when such transactions meet certain settlement criteria and are subject to netting agreements.  
 In the consolidated statements of financial condition, derivatives are reported net of cash collateral received and posted under enforceable
credit support agreements, when transacted under an enforceable netting agreement. In the consolidated statements of financial condition, resale and repurchase agreements, and securities borrowed and loaned, are not reported net of the related
cash and securities received or posted as collateral. See Note 10 for further information about collateral received and pledged, including rights to deliver or repledge collateral. See Notes 7 and 10 for further information about
offsetting.  
  Foreign Currency Translation  
 Assets and liabilities denominated in non-U.S. currencies are translated at rates of exchange prevailing on the date of the consolidated
statements of financial condition and revenues and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange for the period. Foreign currency remeasurement gains or losses on transactions in nonfunctional currencies are recognized in earnings. Gains or
losses on translation of the financial statements of a non-U.S. operation, when the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar, are included, net of hedges and taxes, in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.  
 Recent Accounting Developments    Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606).  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606).” This ASU, as amended, provides comprehensive guidance on the recognition of revenue from customers arising from the transfer of goods and services, guidance on accounting for certain contract costs, and new disclosures.
   The ASU is effective for the firm in January 2018 under a modified retrospective approach or retrospectively to all periods
presented. The firm’s implementation efforts include identifying revenues and costs within the scope of the ASU, reviewing contracts, and analyzing any changes to its existing revenue recognition policies. As a result of adopting this ASU, the
firm may, among other things, be required to recognize incentive fees earlier than under the firm’s current revenue recognition policy, which defers recognition until all contingencies are resolved. The firm may also be required to change the
current presentation of certain costs from a net presentation within net revenues to a gross basis, or vice versa. Based on implementation work to date, the firm does not currently expect that the ASU will have a material impact on its financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows on the date of adoption.    Measuring the Financial Assets
and the Financial Liabilities of a Consolidated Collateralized Financing Entity (ASC 810).  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-13, “Consolidation
(Topic 810) — Measuring the Financial Assets and the Financial Liabilities of a Consolidated Collateralized Financing Entity (CFE).” This ASU provides an alternative to reflect changes in the fair value of the financial assets
and the financial liabilities of the CFE by measuring either the fair value of the assets or liabilities, whichever is more observable, and provides new disclosure requirements for those electing this approach.  
 The firm adopted the ASU in January 2016. Adoption of the ASU did not materially affect the firm’s financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 119 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis
(ASC 810).  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02, “Consolidation (Topic 810) — Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.” This ASU eliminates
the deferral of the requirements of ASU No. 2009-17, “Consolidations (Topic 810) — Improvements to Financial Reporting by Enterprises Involved with Variable Interest Entities” for certain interests in investment funds
and provides a scope exception for certain investments in money market funds. It also makes several modifications to the consolidation guidance for VIEs and general partners’ investments in limited partnerships, as well as modifications to the
evaluation of whether limited partnerships are VIEs or voting interest entities.   The firm adopted the ASU in January 2016,
using a modified retrospective approach. The impact of adoption was a net reduction to both total assets and total liabilities of approximately $200 million, substantially all included in “Financial instruments owned, at fair value”
and in “Other liabilities and accrued expenses,” respectively. Adoption of this ASU did not have an impact on the firm’s results of operations. See Note 12 for further information about the adoption.  
 Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs (ASC 835).  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU  No. 2015-03,  “Interest — Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) — Simplifying the Presentation
of Debt Issuance Costs.” This ASU simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs by requiring that these costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the statements of financial condition as a direct reduction from the
carrying amount of that liability.    The firm early adopted the ASU in September 2015, using a modified retrospective approach.
Adoption of the ASU did not materially affect the firm’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
 
  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting
(ASC 718).  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, “Compensation — Stock Compensation (Topic 718) — Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting.” This ASU includes a requirement that the tax effect related to the settlement of share-based awards be recorded in income tax benefit or expense in the statements of earnings rather than directly to additional
paid-in-capital. This change has no impact on total shareholders’ equity and is required to be adopted prospectively. In addition, the ASU modifies the classification of certain share-based payment activities within the statements of cash flows
and this change is generally required to be applied retrospectively. The ASU also allows for forfeitures to be recorded when they occur rather than estimated over the vesting period. This change is required to be applied on a modified retrospective
basis.    The firm adopted the ASU in January 2017 and the impact of the restricted stock unit (RSU) deliveries and option
exercises in the first quarter of 2017 is estimated to be a reduction to the provision for taxes of approximately $450 million that will be recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings. This amount may vary in future periods
depending upon, among other things, the number of RSUs delivered and their change in value since grant. Prior to the adoption of this ASU, this amount would have been recorded directly to additional paid-in-capital. Other provisions of the ASU will
not have a material impact on the firm’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  
 Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments (ASC 805).  In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16, “Business Combinations (Topic 805) — Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments.” This ASU eliminates the
requirement for an acquirer in a business combination to account for measurement-period adjustments retrospectively.    The firm
adopted the ASU in January 2016. Adoption of the ASU did not materially affect the firm’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (ASC 825).  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, “Financial Instruments (Topic 825) — Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.” This ASU
amends certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. It includes a requirement to present separately in other comprehensive income changes in fair value attributable to a firm’s own credit
spreads (debt valuation adjustment or DVA), net of tax, on financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 120 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The ASU is effective for the firm in January 2018. Early adoption is permitted under a
modified retrospective approach for the requirements related to DVA. In January 2016, the firm early adopted this ASU for the requirements related to DVA, and reclassified the cumulative DVA, a gain of $305 million (net of tax), from
retained earnings to accumulated other comprehensive loss. The firm does not expect the adoption of the remaining provisions of the ASU to have a material impact on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  
 Leases (ASC 842).  In February 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-02, “Leases (Topic 842).” This ASU requires that, for leases longer than one year, a lessee recognize in the statements of financial condition a right-of-use asset, representing the right to use the underlying
asset for the lease term, and a lease liability, representing the liability to make lease payments. It also requires that for finance leases, a lessee recognize interest expense on the lease liability, separately from the amortization of the
right-of-use asset in the statements of earnings, while for operating leases, such amounts should be recognized as a combined expense. In addition, this ASU requires expanded disclosures about the nature and terms of lease agreements.  
 The ASU is effective for the firm in January 2019 under a modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is permitted. The firm’s
implementation efforts include reviewing existing leases and service contracts, which may include embedded leases. The firm expects a gross up on its consolidated statements of financial condition upon recognition of the right-of-use assets and
lease liabilities and does not expect the amount of the gross up to have a material impact on its financial condition.    Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (ASC 326).  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, “Financial Instruments —
Credit Losses (Topic 326) — Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.” This ASU amends several aspects of the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments, including replacing the existing incurred credit
loss model and other models with the Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL) model and amending certain aspects of accounting for purchased financial assets with deterioration in credit quality since origination.
 
  Under CECL, the allowance for losses for financial assets that are measured at amortized cost
should reflect management’s estimate of credit losses over the remaining expected life of the financial assets. Expected credit losses for newly recognized financial assets, as well as changes to expected credit losses during the period, would
be recognized in earnings. For certain purchased financial assets with deterioration in credit quality since origination, an initial allowance would be recorded for expected credit losses and recognized as an increase to the purchase price rather
than as an expense. Expected credit losses, including losses on off-balance-sheet exposures such as lending commitments, will be measured based on historical experience, current conditions and forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported
amount.    The ASU is effective for the firm in January 2020 under a modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is permitted in
January 2019. Adoption of the ASU will result in earlier recognition of credit losses and an increase in the recorded allowance for certain purchased loans with deterioration in credit quality since origination with a corresponding increase to
their gross carrying value. The impact of adoption of this ASU on the firm’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will depend on, among other things, the economic environment and the type of financial assets held by
the firm on the date of adoption.    Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments
(ASC 230).  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, “Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) — Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash
Payments.” This ASU provides guidance on the disclosure and classification of certain items within the statement of cash flows.  
 The ASU is effective for the firm in January 2018 under a retrospective approach. Early adoption is permitted. Since the ASU only impacts
classification in the statements of cash flows, adoption will not affect the firm’s cash and cash equivalents.    Clarifying the Definition of a Business (ASC 805).  In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-01, “Business Combinations
(Topic 805) — Clarifying the Definition of a Business.” The ASU amends the definition of a business and provides a threshold which must be considered to determine whether a transaction is an asset acquisition or a business
combination. The ASU is effective for the firm in January 2018 under a prospective approach. Early adoption is permitted. The firm is still evaluating the effect of the ASU on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 121 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Restricted Cash (ASC 230).  In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18, “Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) — Restricted Cash.” This ASU requires that cash segregated for regulatory and other
purposes be included in cash and cash equivalents disclosed in the statements of cash flows and is required to be applied retrospectively.  
 The firm early adopted the ASU in December 2016 and reclassified cash segregated for regulatory and other purposes into “Cash and
cash equivalents” disclosed in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The impact of adoption was a decrease of $3.69 billion, an increase of $909 million and a decrease of $309 million for the years ended December 2016,
December 2015 and December 2014, respectively, to “Net cash provided by/(used for) operating activities.”    In
December 2016, to be consistent with the presentation of segregated cash in the consolidated statements of cash flows under the ASU, the firm reclassified amounts previously included in “Cash and securities segregated for regulatory and
other purposes” into “Cash and cash equivalents,” “Securities purchased under agreements to resell and federal funds sold,” “Securities borrowed” and “Financial instruments owned, at fair value,” in the
consolidated statements of financial condition. Previously reported amounts in the consolidated statements of financial condition and notes to the consolidated financial statements have been conformed to the current presentation.  
 Note 4.    Financial
Instruments Owned, at Fair Value and Financial Instruments Sold, But Not Yet Purchased, at Fair Value    Financial instruments owned, at
fair value and financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value are accounted for at fair value either under the fair value option or in accordance with other U.S. GAAP. See Note 8 for further information about other financial
assets and financial liabilities accounted for at fair value primarily under the fair value option.
 
  The table below presents the firm’s financial instruments owned, at fair value, and
financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
       
 Financial Instruments Owned 
          
   
           
 Financial Instruments Sold, But Not Yet Purchased 
                
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Money market instruments 
   
   
 $    1,319 
    
   
   
 $          — 
    
 
   
   
 
   U.S. government and federal agency obligations 
   
   
 57,657 
    
   
   
 16,627 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. government and agency obligations 
   
   
 29,381 
    
   
   
 20,502 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans and securities backed by: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial real estate 
   
   
 3,842 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Residential real estate 
   
   
 12,195 
    
   
   
 3 
    
 
   
   
 
   Corporate loans and debt securities 
   
   
 28,659 
    
   
   
 6,570 
    
 
   
   
 
   State and municipal obligations 
   
   
 1,059 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other debt obligations 
   
   
 1,358 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   
   
 
   Equities and convertible debentures 
   
   
 94,692 
    
   
   
 25,941 
    
 
   
   
 
   Commodities 
   
   
 5,653 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Investments in funds at NAV 
   
   
 6,465 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 242,280 
    
   
   
 69,644 
    
 
   
   
 
   Derivatives 
   
   
 53,672 
    
   
   
 47,499 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $295,952 
    
   
   
 $117,143 
    
 
       As of December 2015 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Money market instruments 
   
   
 $    4,683 
    
   
   
 $          — 
    
 
   
   
 
   U.S. government and federal agency obligations 
   
   
 63,844 
    
   
   
 15,516 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. government and agency obligations 
   
   
 31,772 
    
   
   
 14,973 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans and securities backed by: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial real estate 
   
   
 4,975 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   
   
 
   Residential real estate 
   
   
 13,183 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   
   
 
   Corporate loans and debt securities 
   
   
 28,804 
    
   
   
 6,584 
    
 
   
   
 
   State and municipal obligations 
   
   
 992 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other debt obligations 
   
   
 1,595 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   
   
 
   Equities and convertible debentures 
   
   
 98,072 
    
   
   
 31,394 
    
 
   
   
 
   Commodities 
   
   
 3,935 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Investments in funds at NAV 
   
   
 7,757 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 259,612 
    
   
   
 68,477 
    
 
   
   
 
   Derivatives 
   
   
 53,890 
    
   
   
 46,771 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $313,502 
    
   
   
 $115,248 
    
   In the table above, money market instruments include commercial paper, certificates of deposit and time
deposits. Substantially all money market instruments have a maturity of less than one year.    Gains and Losses from Market Making and Other
Principal Transactions    The table below presents “Market making” revenues by major product type, as well as “Other
principal transactions” revenues.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Product Type 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rates 
   
   
 $ (1,979 
 )  
    
   
 $ (1,360 
 )  
    
   
 $ (5,316 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Credit 
   
   
 1,854 
    
    
   
 920 
    
    
   
 2,982 
    
 
   
   
 
   Currencies 
   
   
 6,158 
    
    
   
 3,345 
    
    
   
 6,566 
    
 
   
   
 
   Equities 
   
   
 2,873 
    
    
   
 5,515 
    
    
   
 2,683 
    
 
   
   
 
   Commodities 
   
   
 1,027 
    
    
   
 1,103 
    
    
   
 1,450 
    
 
   Market making 
   
   
 9,933 
    
    
   
 9,523 
    
    
   
 8,365 
    
 
   Other principal transactions 
   
   
 3,200 
    
    
   
 5,018 
    
    
   
 6,588 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $13,133 
    
    
   
 $14,541 
    
    
   
 $14,953 
    
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 122 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  
  In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Gains/(losses) include both realized and unrealized gains and losses, and are primarily related to the
firm’s financial instruments owned, at fair value and financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value, including both derivative and non-derivative financial instruments.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Gains/(losses) exclude related interest income and interest expense. See Note 23 for further information
about interest income and interest expense.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Gains/(losses) on other principal transactions are included in the firm’s Investing & Lending
segment. See Note 25 for net revenues, including net interest income, by product type for Investing & Lending, as well as the amount of net interest income included in Investing & Lending.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Gains/(losses) are not representative of the manner in which the firm manages its business activities because
many of the firm’s market-making and client facilitation strategies utilize financial instruments across various product types. Accordingly, gains or losses in one product type frequently offset gains or losses in other product types. For
example, most of the firm’s longer-term derivatives across product types are sensitive to changes in interest rates and may be economically hedged with interest rate swaps. Similarly, a significant portion of the firm’s cash instruments
and derivatives across product types has exposure to foreign currencies and may be economically hedged with foreign currency contracts.    
 Note 5.    Fair Value Measurements  
 The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Financial assets are marked to bid prices and financial liabilities are marked to offer prices. Fair value measurements do not include transaction costs. The firm measures certain
financial assets and financial liabilities as a portfolio (i.e., based on its net exposure to market and/or credit risks).
 
  The best evidence of fair value is a quoted price in an active market. If quoted prices in
active markets are not available, fair value is determined by reference to prices for similar instruments, quoted prices or recent transactions in less active markets, or internally developed models that primarily use market-based or independently
sourced inputs including, but not limited to, interest rates, volatilities, equity or debt prices, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices, credit spreads and funding spreads (i.e., the spread or difference between the interest rate at which a
borrower could finance a given financial instrument relative to a benchmark interest rate).    U.S. GAAP has a three-level fair value
hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements. This hierarchy prioritizes inputs to the valuation techniques used to measure fair value, giving the highest priority to level 1 inputs and the lowest priority to level 3 inputs. A
financial instrument’s level in this hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to its fair value measurement. In evaluating the significance of a valuation input, the firm considers, among other factors, a
portfolio’s net risk exposure to that input. The fair value hierarchy is as follows:  
 Level 1.  Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in
active markets to which the firm had access at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities.    Level 2.  Inputs to valuation techniques are observable, either directly or indirectly.  
 Level 3.  One or more inputs to valuation
techniques are significant and unobservable.    The fair values for substantially all of the firm’s financial assets and
financial liabilities are based on observable prices and inputs and are classified in levels 1 and 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Certain level 2 and level 3 financial assets and financial liabilities may require appropriate valuation
adjustments that a market participant would require to arrive at fair value for factors such as counterparty and the firm’s credit quality, funding risk, transfer restrictions, liquidity and bid/offer spreads. Valuation adjustments are
generally based on market evidence.    See Notes 6 through 8 for further information about fair value measurements of cash instruments,
derivatives and other financial assets and financial liabilities accounted for at fair value primarily under the fair value option (including information about unrealized gains and losses related to level 3 financial assets and financial
liabilities, and transfers in and out of level 3), respectively.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 123 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  
  The table below presents financial assets and financial liabilities accounted for at fair value
under the fair value option or in accordance with other U.S. GAAP. Counterparty and cash collateral netting represents the impact on derivatives of netting across levels of the fair value hierarchy. Netting among positions classified in the same
level is included in that level.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
 
   Total level 1 financial assets 
   
   
 $135,401 
   
    
   
 $153,051 
   
 
   
   
 
   Total level 2 financial assets 
   
   
 419,585 
   
    
   
 432,445 
   
 
   
   
 
   Total level 3 financial assets 
   
   
 23,280 
   
    
   
 24,046 
   
 
   
   
 
   Investments in funds at NAV 
   
   
 6,465 
   
    
   
 7,757 
   
 
   
   
 
   Counterparty and cash collateral netting 
   
   
 (87,038 
 )  
    
   
 (90,612 
 )  
 
   Total financial assets at fair value 
   
   
 $497,693 
   
    
   
 $526,687 
   
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 $860,165 
   
    
   
 $861,395 
   
 
   
   
 
   Total level 3 financial assets divided by: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 2.7% 
   
    
   
 2.8% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Total financial assets at fair value 
   
   
 4.7% 
   
    
   
 4.6% 
   
 
   Total level 1 financial liabilities 
   
   
 $  62,504 
   
    
   
 $  59,798 
   
 
   
   
 
   Total level 2 financial liabilities 
   
   
 232,027 
   
    
   
 245,759 
   
 
   
   
 
   Total level 3 financial liabilities 
   
   
 21,448 
   
    
   
 16,812 
   
 
   
   
 
   Counterparty and cash collateral netting 
   
   
 (44,695 
 )  
    
   
 (41,430 
 )  
 
   Total financial liabilities at fair value 
   
   
 $271,284 
   
    
   
 $280,939 
   
 
   Total level 3 financial liabilities divided by
total financial liabilities at fair value 
   
   
 7.9% 
   
    
   
 6.0% 
   
   In the table above, total assets includes $835 billion and $836 billion as of December 2016 and
December 2015, respectively, that is carried at fair value or at amounts that generally approximate fair value.    The table below
presents a summary of level 3 financial assets.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
 
   Cash instruments 
   
   
 $  18,035 
   
    
   
 $  18,131 
   
 
   
   
 
   Derivatives 
   
   
 5,190 
   
    
   
 5,870 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other financial assets 
   
   
 55 
   
    
   
 45 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $  23,280 
   
    
   
 $  24,046 
   
   Level 3 financial assets as of December 2016 slightly decreased compared with December 2015,
primarily reflecting a decrease in level 3 derivative assets. The decrease in level 3 derivative assets was primarily attributable to settlements and transfers out of level 3 of certain credit derivative assets. See Notes 6
through 8 for further information about level 3 financial assets.
 
  Note 6.  
 Cash Instruments    Cash instruments include U.S.
government and federal agency obligations, non-U.S. government and agency obligations, mortgage-backed loans and securities, corporate loans and debt securities, equities and convertible debentures, investments in funds at NAV, and other
non-derivative financial instruments owned and financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased. See below for the types of cash instruments included in each level of the fair value hierarchy and the valuation techniques and significant inputs used
to determine their fair values. See Note 5 for an overview of the firm’s fair value measurement policies.    Level 1 Cash Instruments  
 Level 1 cash instruments include certain money market instruments, U.S. government obligations, most non-U.S. government obligations,
certain government agency obligations, certain corporate debt securities and actively traded listed equities. These instruments are valued using quoted prices for identical unrestricted instruments in active markets.  
 The firm defines active markets for equity instruments based on the average daily trading volume both in absolute terms and relative to the
market capitalization for the instrument. The firm defines active markets for debt instruments based on both the average daily trading volume and the number of days with trading activity.  
 Level 2 Cash Instruments    Level 2 cash
instruments include most money market instruments, most government agency obligations, certain non-U.S. government obligations, most mortgage-backed loans and securities, most corporate loans and debt securities, most state and municipal
obligations, most other debt obligations, restricted or less liquid listed equities, commodities and certain lending commitments.  
 Valuations of level 2 cash instruments can be verified to quoted prices, recent trading activity for identical or similar instruments,
broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. Consideration is given to the nature of the quotations (e.g., indicative or firm) and the relationship of recent market activity to the prices
provided from alternative pricing sources.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 124 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  
  Valuation adjustments are typically made to level 2 cash instruments (i) if the cash
instrument is subject to transfer restrictions and/or (ii) for other premiums and liquidity discounts that a market participant would require to arrive at fair value. Valuation adjustments are generally based on market evidence.  
 Level 3 Cash Instruments    Level 3 cash
instruments have one or more significant valuation inputs that are not observable. Absent evidence to the contrary, level 3 cash instruments are initially valued at transaction price, which is considered to be the best initial estimate of fair
value. Subsequently, the firm uses other methodologies to determine fair value, which vary based on the type of instrument. Valuation inputs and assumptions are changed when corroborated by substantive observable evidence, including values realized
on sales of financial assets.    Valuation Techniques and Significant Inputs of Level 3 Cash Instruments  
 Valuation techniques of level 3 cash instruments vary by instrument, but are generally based on discounted cash flow techniques. The
valuation techniques and the nature of significant inputs used to determine the fair values of each type of level 3 cash instrument are described below:  
 Loans and Securities Backed by Commercial Real Estate. 
Loans and securities backed by commercial real estate are directly or indirectly collateralized by a single commercial real estate property or a portfolio of properties, and may include tranches of varying levels of subordination. Significant inputs
are generally determined based on relative value analyses and include:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Transaction prices in both the underlying collateral and instruments with the same or similar underlying
collateral and the basis, or price difference, to such prices;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Market yields implied by transactions of similar or related assets and/or current levels and changes in market
indices such as the CMBX (an index that tracks the performance of commercial mortgage bonds);      
 
 
 • 
   
   A measure of expected future cash flows in a default scenario (recovery rates) implied by the value of the
underlying collateral, which is mainly driven by current performance of the underlying collateral, capitalization rates and multiples. Recovery rates are expressed as a percentage of notional or face value of the instrument and reflect the benefit
of credit enhancements on certain instruments; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   Timing of expected future cash flows (duration) which, in certain cases, may incorporate the impact of other
unobservable inputs (e.g., prepayment speeds).
 
  Loans and Securities Backed by Residential Real
Estate.  Loans and securities backed by residential real estate are directly or indirectly collateralized by portfolios of residential real estate and may include tranches of varying levels of
subordination. Significant inputs are generally determined based on relative value analyses, which incorporate comparisons to instruments with similar collateral and risk profiles. Significant inputs include:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Transaction prices in both the underlying collateral and instruments with the same or similar underlying
collateral;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Market yields implied by transactions of similar or related assets;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Cumulative loss expectations, driven by default rates, home price projections, residential property
liquidation timelines, related costs and subsequent recoveries; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   Duration, driven by underlying loan prepayment speeds and residential property liquidation timelines.
   Corporate Loans and Debt Securities.  Corporate loans and debt securities includes bank loans and bridge loans and corporate debt securities. Significant inputs are generally determined based on relative value analyses, which incorporate comparisons
both to prices of credit default swaps that reference the same or similar underlying instrument or entity and to other debt instruments for the same issuer for which observable prices or broker quotations are available. Significant inputs include:
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Market yields implied by transactions of similar or related assets and/or current levels and trends of market
indices such as CDX and LCDX (indices that track the performance of corporate credit and loans, respectively);      
 
 
 • 
   
   Current performance and recovery assumptions and, where the firm uses credit default swaps to value the
related cash instrument, the cost of borrowing the underlying reference obligation; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   Duration.  
 Equities and Convertible Debentures.  Equities and
convertible debentures include private equity investments and investments in real estate. Recent third-party completed or pending transactions (e.g., merger proposals, tender offers, debt restructurings) are considered to be the best evidence for
any change in fair value. When these are not available, the following valuation methodologies are used, as appropriate:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Industry multiples (primarily EBITDA multiples) and public comparables;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Transactions in similar instruments;
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 125 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  

 
 
 • 
   
   Discounted cash flow techniques; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Third-party appraisals.  
 The firm also considers changes in the outlook for the relevant industry and financial performance of the issuer as compared to projected
performance. Significant inputs include:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Market and transaction multiples;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Discount rates, growth rates and capitalization rates; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   For equity instruments with debt-like features, market yields implied by transactions of similar or related
assets, current performance and recovery assumptions, and duration.    Other Cash
Instruments.  Other cash instruments consists of non-U.S. government and agency obligations, state and municipal obligations, and other debt obligations. Significant inputs are generally determined
based on relative value analyses, which incorporate comparisons both to prices of credit default swaps that reference the same or similar underlying instrument or entity and to other debt instruments for the same issuer for which observable prices
or broker quotations are available. Significant inputs include:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Market yields implied by transactions of similar or related assets and/or current levels and trends of market
indices;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Current performance and recovery assumptions and, where the firm uses credit default swaps to value the
related cash instrument, the cost of borrowing the underlying reference obligation; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   Duration.  
 Fair Value of Cash Instruments by Level    The tables
below present cash instrument assets and liabilities at fair value by level within the fair value hierarchy. In the tables below:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Cash instrument assets and liabilities are included in “Financial instruments owned, at fair value”
and “Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value,” respectively.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Cash instrument assets are shown as positive amounts and cash instrument liabilities are shown as negative
amounts.  

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 2016 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Level 1 
   
   
   
 Level 2 
   
   
   
 Level 3 
   
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Money market instruments 
   
   
 $       188 
   
   
   
 $  1,131 
   
   
   
 $       — 
   
   
   
 $    1,319 
   
 
   
   
 
   U.S. government and federal agency obligations 
   
   
 35,254 
   
   
   
 22,403 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 57,657 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. government and agency obligations 
   
   
 22,433 
   
   
   
 6,933 
   
   
   
 15 
   
   
   
 29,381 
   
 
   
   
 
   Loans and securities backed by: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial real estate 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 2,197 
   
   
   
 1,645 
   
   
   
 3,842 
   
 
   
   
 
   Residential real estate 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 11,350 
   
   
   
 845 
   
   
   
 12,195 
   
 
   
   
 
   Corporate loans and debt securities 
   
   
 215 
   
   
   
 23,804 
   
   
   
 4,640 
   
   
   
 28,659 
   
 
   
   
 
   State and municipal obligations 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 960 
   
   
   
 99 
   
   
   
 1,059 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other debt obligations 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 830 
   
   
   
 528 
   
   
   
 1,358 
   
 
   
   
 
   Equities and convertible debentures 
   
   
 77,276 
   
   
   
 7,153 
   
   
   
 10,263 
   
   
   
 94,692 
   
 
   
   
 
   Commodities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 5,653 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 5,653 
   
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 $135,366 
   
   
   
 $82,414 
   
   
   
 $18,035 
   
   
   
 $235,815 
   
 
   
   
 
   Investments in funds at NAV 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 6,465 
   
 
   Total cash instrument assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $242,280 
   
 
       Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. government and federal agency obligations 
   
   
 $ (16,615 
 )  
   
   
 $      (12 
 )  
   
   
 $       — 
   
   
   
 $ (16,627 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. government and agency obligations 
   
   
 (19,137 
 )  
   
   
 (1,364 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (20,502 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Loans and securities backed by residential real estate 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Corporate loans and debt securities 
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (6,524 
 )  
   
   
 (44 
 )  
   
   
 (6,570 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Other debt obligations 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Equities and convertible debentures 
   
   
 (25,768 
 )  
   
   
 (156 
 )  
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 (25,941 
 )  
 
   Total cash instrument liabilities 
   
   
 $ (61,522 
 )  
   
   
 $ (8,060 
 )  
   
   
 $      (62 
 )  
   
   
 $ (69,644 
 )  
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 2015 
   
 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Level 1 
   
   
   
 Level 2 
   
   
   
 Level 3 
   
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Money market instruments 
   
   
 $    2,725 
   
   
   
 $  1,958 
   
   
   
 $       — 
   
   
   
 $    4,683 
   
 
   
   
 
   U.S. government and federal agency obligations 
   
   
 42,306 
   
   
   
 21,538 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 63,844 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. government and agency obligations 
   
   
 26,500 
   
   
   
 5,260 
   
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 31,772 
   
 
   
   
 
   Loans and securities backed by: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial real estate 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 3,051 
   
   
   
 1,924 
   
   
   
 4,975 
   
 
   
   
 
   Residential real estate 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 11,418 
   
   
   
 1,765 
   
   
   
 13,183 
   
 
   
   
 
   Corporate loans and debt securities 
   
   
 218 
   
   
   
 23,344 
   
   
   
 5,242 
   
   
   
 28,804 
   
 
   
   
 
   State and municipal obligations 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 891 
   
   
   
 101 
   
   
   
 992 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other debt obligations 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 1,057 
   
   
   
 538 
   
   
   
 1,595 
   
 
   
   
 
   Equities and convertible debentures 
   
   
 81,252 
   
   
   
 8,271 
   
   
   
 8,549 
   
   
   
 98,072 
   
 
   
   
 
   Commodities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 3,935 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 3,935 
   
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 $153,001 
   
   
   
 $80,723 
   
   
   
 $18,131 
   
   
   
 $251,855 
   
 
   
   
 
   Investments in funds at NAV 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 7,757 
   
 
   Total cash instrument assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $259,612 
   
 
       Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. government and federal agency obligations 
   
   
 $ (15,455 
 )  
   
   
 $      (61 
 )  
   
   
 $       — 
   
   
   
 $ (15,516 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. government and agency obligations 
   
   
 (13,522 
 )  
   
   
 (1,451 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (14,973 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Loans and securities backed by: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial real estate 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (4 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Residential real estate 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Corporate loans and debt securities 
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (6,456 
 )  
   
   
 (126 
 )  
   
   
 (6,584 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   State and municipal obligations 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Other debt obligations 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Equities and convertible debentures 
   
   
 (30,790 
 )  
   
   
 (538 
 )  
   
   
 (66 
 )  
   
   
 (31,394 
 )  
 
   Total cash instrument liabilities 
   
   
 $ (59,769 
 )  
   
   
 $ (8,515 
 )  
   
   
 $    (193 
 )  
   
   
 $ (68,477 
 )  
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 126 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  In the tables above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Total cash instrument assets include collateralized debt obligations (CDOs) and collateralized loan
obligations (CLOs) backed by real estate and corporate obligations of $461 million and $405 million in level 2, and $624 million and $774 million in level 3 as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Level 3 equities and convertible debenture assets include $9.44 billion and $7.69 billion of
private equity investments, $374 million and $308 million of investments in real estate entities, and $451 million and $552 million of convertible debentures as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Money market instruments include commercial paper, certificates of deposit and time deposits.
   Significant Unobservable Inputs  
 The table below presents the amount of level 3 assets, and ranges and weighted averages of significant unobservable inputs used to value
the firm’s level 3 cash instruments.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Level 3 Assets and Range of Significant Unobservable Inputs (Weighted Average) as of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
   
   
 2015 
    
 
   Loans and securities backed by commercial real estate 
      
 
   Level 3 assets 
   
   
 $1,645 
    
   
   
 $1,924 
    
 
   
   
 
   Yield 
   
   
 3.7% to 23.0% (13.0% 
 )  
   
   
 3.5% to 22.0% (11.8% 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Recovery rate 
   
   
 8.9% to 99.0% (60.6% 
 )  
   
   
 19.6% to 96.5% (59.4% 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Duration (years) 
   
   
 0.8 to 6.2 (2.1 
 )  
   
   
 0.3 to 5.3 (2.3 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Basis (points) 
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 (11) to 4 ((2) 
 )  
 
   Loans and securities backed by residential real estate 
      
 
   Level 3 assets 
   
   
 $845 
    
   
   
 $1,765 
    
 
   
   
 
   Yield 
   
   
 0.8% to 15.6% (8.7% 
 )  
   
   
 3.2% to 17.0% (7.9% 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Cumulative loss rate 
   
   
 8.9% to 47.1% (24.2% 
 )  
   
   
 4.6% to 44.2% (27.3% 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Duration (years) 
   
   
 1.1 to 16.1 (7.3 
 )  
   
   
 1.5 to 13.8 (7.0 
 )  
 
   Corporate loans and debt securities 
      
 
   Level 3 assets 
   
   
 $4,640 
    
   
   
 $5,242 
    
 
   
   
 
   Yield 
   
   
 2.5% to 25.0% (10.3% 
 )  
   
   
 1.6% to 36.6% (10.7% 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Recovery rate 
   
   
 0.0% to 85.0% (56.5% 
 )  
   
   
 0.0% to 85.6% (54.8% 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Duration (years) 
   
   
 0.6 to 15.7 (2.9 
 )  
   
   
 0.7 to 6.1 (2.5 
 )  
 
   Equities and convertible debentures 
      
 
   Level 3 assets 
   
   
 $10,263 
    
   
   
 $8,549 
    
 
   
   
 
   Multiples 
   
   
 0.8x to 19.7x (6.8x 
 )  
   
   
 0.7x to 21.4x (6.4x 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Discount rate/yield 
   
   
 6.5% to 25.0% (16.0% 
 )  
   
   
 7.1% to 20.0% (14.8% 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Growth rate 
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 3.0% to 5.2% (4.5% 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Capitalization rate 
   
   
 4.2% to 12.5% (6.8% 
 )  
   
   
 5.5% to 12.5% (7.6% 
 )  
 
   Other cash instruments 
      
 
   Level 3 assets 
   
   
 $642 
    
   
   
 $651 
    
 
   
   
 
   Yield 
   
   
 1.9% to 14.0% (8.8% 
 )  
   
   
 0.9% to 17.9% (8.7% 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Recovery rate 
   
   
 0.0% to 93.0% (61.4% 
 )  
   
   
 2.7% to 35.5% (25.0% 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Duration (years) 
   
   
 0.9 to 12.0 (4.3 
 )  
   
   
 1.1 to 11.4 (7.0 
 )  
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Ranges represent the significant unobservable inputs that were used in the valuation of each type of cash
instrument.  

 
 
 • 
   
   Weighted averages are calculated by weighting each input by the relative fair value of the cash instruments.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   The ranges and weighted averages of these inputs are not representative of the appropriate inputs to use when
calculating the fair value of any one cash instrument. For example, the highest multiple for private equity investments is appropriate for valuing a specific private equity investment but may not be appropriate for valuing any other private equity
investment. Accordingly, the ranges of inputs do not represent uncertainty in, or possible ranges of, fair value measurements of the firm’s level 3 cash instruments.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Increases in yield, discount rate, capitalization rate, duration or cumulative loss rate used in the valuation
of the firm’s level 3 cash instruments would result in a lower fair value measurement, while increases in recovery rate, basis, multiples or growth rate would result in a higher fair value measurement. Due to the distinctive nature of each
of the firm’s level 3 cash instruments, the interrelationship of inputs is not necessarily uniform within each product type.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Equities and convertible debentures include private equity investments and investments in real estate
entities. Growth rate includes long-term growth rate and compound annual growth rate.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Basis (points) and growth rate were not significant to the valuation of level 3 assets as of
December 2016.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Loans and securities backed by commercial and residential real estate, corporate loans and debt securities and
other cash instruments are valued using discounted cash flows, and equities and convertible debentures are valued using market comparables and discounted cash flows.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The fair value of any one instrument may be determined using multiple valuation techniques. For example,
market comparables and discounted cash flows may be used together to determine fair value. Therefore, the level 3 balance encompasses both of these techniques.  
 Transfers Between Levels of the Fair Value Hierarchy  
 Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are reported at the beginning of the reporting period in which they occur. See
“Level 3 Rollforward” below for information about transfers between level 2 and level 3.    During 2016, transfers
into level 2 from level 1 of cash instruments were $135 million, reflecting transfers of public equity securities due to decreased market activity in these instruments. Transfers into level 1 from level 2 of cash instruments
during 2016 were $267 million, reflecting transfers of public equity securities due to increased market activity in these instruments.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 127 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  During 2015, transfers into level 2 from level 1 of cash instruments were
$260 million, reflecting transfers of public equity securities primarily due to decreased market activity in these instruments. Transfers into level 1 from level 2 of cash instruments during 2015 were $283 million, reflecting
transfers of public equity securities due to increased market activity in these instruments.    Level 3 Rollforward  
 The table below presents a summary of the changes in fair value for level 3 cash instrument assets and liabilities. In the table below:
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Changes in fair value are presented for all cash instrument assets and liabilities that are categorized as
level 3 as of the end of the period.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) relate to instruments that were still held at period-end.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Purchases include originations and secondary purchases.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   If a cash instrument asset or liability was transferred to level 3 during a reporting period, its entire
gain or loss for the period is included in level 3. For level 3 cash instrument assets, increases are shown as positive amounts, while decreases are shown as negative amounts. For level 3 cash instrument liabilities, increases are
shown as negative amounts, while decreases are shown as positive amounts.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Level 3 cash instruments are frequently economically hedged with level 1 and level 2 cash
instruments and/or level 1, level 2 or level 3 derivatives. Accordingly, gains or losses that are reported in level 3 can be partially offset by gains or losses attributable to level 1 or level 2 cash instruments and/or
level 1, level 2 or level 3 derivatives. As a result, gains or losses included in the level 3 rollforward below do not necessarily represent the overall impact on the firm’s results of operations, liquidity or capital
resources.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Total cash instrument assets 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $18,131 
    
    
   
 $28,650 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 574 
    
    
   
 957 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 397 
    
    
   
 701 
    
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 3,072 
    
    
   
 3,840 
    
 
   
   
 
   Sales 
   
   
 (2,326 
 )  
    
   
 (3,842 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (3,503 
 )  
    
   
 (6,472 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 3,405 
    
    
   
 1,798 
    
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 (1,715 
 )  
    
   
 (7,501 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $18,035 
    
    
   
 $18,131 
    
 
       Total cash instrument
liabilities 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $    (193 
 )  
    
   
 $    (244 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 20 
    
    
   
 (28 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 19 
    
    
   
 (21 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 91 
    
    
   
 205 
    
 
   
   
 
   Sales 
   
   
 (49 
 )  
    
   
 (38 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (7 
 )  
    
   
 (14 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 (12 
 )  
    
   
 (116 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 69 
    
    
   
 63 
    
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $      (62 
 )  
    
   
 $    (193 
 )  
   
  The table below disaggregates, by product type, the information for cash instrument assets
included in the summary table above.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Loans and securities backed by commercial real estate 
      
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $  1,924 
    
    
   
 $  3,275 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 60 
    
    
   
 120 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (19 
 )  
    
   
 44 
    
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 331 
    
    
   
 566 
    
 
   
   
 
   Sales 
   
   
 (320 
 )  
    
   
 (598 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (617 
 )  
    
   
 (1,569 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 510 
    
    
   
 351 
    
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 (224 
 )  
    
   
 (265 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $  1,645 
    
    
   
 $  1,924 
    
 
       Loans and securities backed
by residential real estate 
        
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $  1,765 
    
    
   
 $  2,545 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 60 
    
    
   
 150 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 26 
    
    
   
 34 
    
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 298 
    
    
   
 564 
    
 
   
   
 
   Sales 
   
   
 (791 
 )  
    
   
 (609 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (278 
 )  
    
   
 (327 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 73 
    
    
   
 188 
    
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 (308 
 )  
    
   
 (780 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $     845 
    
    
   
 $  1,765 
    
 
       Corporate loans and debt
securities 
        
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $  5,242 
    
    
   
 $10,606 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 261 
    
    
   
 406 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 34 
    
    
   
 (234 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 1,078 
    
    
   
 1,279 
    
 
   
   
 
   Sales 
   
   
 (645 
 )  
    
   
 (1,668 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (1,823 
 )  
    
   
 (3,152 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 1,023 
    
    
   
 752 
    
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 (530 
 )  
    
   
 (2,747 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $  4,640 
    
    
   
 $  5,242 
    
 
       Equities and convertible
debentures 
        
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $  8,549 
    
    
   
 $11,108 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 158 
    
    
   
 251 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 371 
    
    
   
 844 
    
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 1,122 
    
    
   
 1,295 
    
 
   
   
 
   Sales 
   
   
 (412 
 )  
    
   
 (744 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (634 
 )  
    
   
 (1,193 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 1,732 
    
    
   
 466 
    
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 (623 
 )  
    
   
 (3,478 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $10,263 
    
    
   
 $  8,549 
    
 
       Other cash
instruments 
        
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $     651 
    
    
   
 $  1,116 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 35 
    
    
   
 30 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (15 
 )  
    
   
 13 
    
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 243 
    
    
   
 136 
    
 
   
   
 
   Sales 
   
   
 (158 
 )  
    
   
 (223 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (151 
 )  
    
   
 (231 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 67 
    
    
   
 41 
    
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 (30 
 )  
    
   
 (231 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $     642 
    
    
   
 $     651 
    
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 128 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  
  Level 3 Rollforward Commentary  
 Year Ended December 2016.  The net realized and
unrealized gains on level 3 cash instrument assets of $971 million (reflecting $574 million of net realized gains and $397 million of net unrealized gains) for 2016 include gains/(losses) of approximately $(311) million,
$625 million and $657 million reported in “Market making,” “Other principal transactions” and “Interest income,” respectively.  
 The net unrealized gain on level 3 cash instrument assets of $397 million for 2016 primarily reflected gains on private equity
investments, principally driven by strong corporate performance and company-specific events.    Transfers into level 3 during 2016
primarily reflected transfers of certain private equity investments, corporate loans and debt securities, and loans and securities backed by commercial real estate from level 2, principally due to reduced price transparency as a result of a
lack of market evidence, including fewer market transactions in these instruments.    Transfers out of level 3 during 2016 primarily
reflected transfers of certain private equity investments, corporate loans and debt securities, and loans and securities backed by residential real estate to level 2, principally due to increased price transparency as a result of market
evidence, including market transactions in these instruments.    Year Ended December 2015.  The net realized and unrealized gains on level 3 cash instrument assets of $1.66 billion (reflecting $957 million of net realized gains and $701 million of net unrealized gains) for 2015
include gains/(losses) of approximately $(142) million, $1.08 billion and $718 million reported in “Market making,” “Other principal transactions” and “Interest income,” respectively.  
 The net unrealized gain on level 3 cash instrument assets of $701 million for 2015 primarily reflected gains on private equity
investments, principally driven by company-specific events and strong corporate performance.    Transfers into level 3 during 2015
primarily reflected transfers of certain corporate loans and debt securities, private equity investments and loans and securities backed by commercial real estate from level 2, principally due to reduced price transparency as a result of a lack
of market evidence, including fewer market transactions in these instruments.
 
  Transfers out of level 3 during 2015 primarily reflected transfers of certain private
equity investments, corporate loans and debt securities, and loans and securities backed by residential real estate to level 2, principally due to increased price transparency as a result of market evidence, including market transactions in
these instruments, and transfers of certain corporate loans and debt securities to level 2 principally due to certain unobservable yield and duration inputs not being significant to the valuation of these instruments.  
 Investments in Funds at Net Asset Value Per Share  
 Cash instruments at fair value include investments in funds that are measured at NAV of the investment fund. The firm uses NAV to measure the
fair value of its fund investments when (i) the fund investment does not have a readily determinable fair value and (ii) the NAV of the investment fund is calculated in a manner consistent with the measurement principles of investment
company accounting, including measurement of the investments at fair value.    The firm’s investments in funds at NAV primarily consist
of investments in firm-sponsored private equity, credit, real estate and hedge funds where the firm co-invests with third-party investors.  
 Private equity funds primarily invest in a broad range of industries worldwide, including leveraged buyouts, recapitalizations, growth
investments and distressed investments. Credit funds generally invest in loans and other fixed income instruments and are focused on providing private high-yield capital for leveraged and management buyout transactions, recapitalizations,
financings, refinancings, acquisitions and restructurings for private equity firms, private family companies and corporate issuers. Real estate funds invest globally, primarily in real estate companies, loan portfolios, debt recapitalizations and
property. The private equity, credit and real estate funds are primarily closed-end funds in which the firm’s investments are generally not eligible for redemption. Distributions will be received from these funds as the underlying assets are
liquidated or distributed.    The firm also invests in hedge funds, primarily multi-disciplinary hedge funds that employ a fundamental
bottom-up investment approach across various asset classes and strategies. The firm’s investments in hedge funds primarily include interests where the underlying assets are illiquid in nature, and proceeds from redemptions will not be received
until the underlying assets are liquidated or distributed.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 129 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Many of the funds described above are “covered funds” as defined by the Volcker Rule
of the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act). The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve Board) extended the conformance period for investments in, and relationships with, covered
funds that were in place prior to December 2013 through July 2017, and in December 2016 permitted banking entities to apply for an extension of up to an additional five years for legacy “illiquid funds” (as defined by the
Volcker Rule). The firm has applied for this extension for substantially all of its investments in, and relationships with, covered funds in the table below. To the extent that the firm does not receive an extension, the firm will be required to
sell its interests in such funds by July 2017. If that occurs, the firm will likely receive a value for its interests that is significantly less than the then carrying value as there could be a limited secondary market for these investments and
the firm may be unable to sell them in orderly transactions.    The table below presents the fair value of the firm’s investments in
funds at NAV and related unfunded commitments.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
     
 Fair Value of Investments 
       
    
     
 Unfunded Commitments 
       
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Private equity funds 
   
   
 $4,628 
    
    
   
 $1,393 
    
 
   
   
 
   Credit funds 
   
   
 421 
    
    
   
 166 
    
 
   
   
 
   Hedge funds 
   
   
 410 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Real estate funds 
   
   
 1,006 
    
    
   
 272 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $6,465 
    
    
   
 $1,831 
    
 
       As of December 2015 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Private equity funds 
   
   
 $5,414 
    
    
   
 $2,057 
    
 
   
   
 
   Credit funds 
   
   
 611 
    
    
   
 344 
    
 
   
   
 
   Hedge funds 
   
   
 560 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Real estate funds 
   
   
 1,172 
    
    
   
 296 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $7,757 
    
    
   
 $2,697 
    
   Note 7.  
 Derivatives and Hedging Activities    Derivative Activities  
 Derivatives are instruments that derive their value from underlying asset prices, indices, reference rates and other inputs, or a combination
of these factors. Derivatives may be traded on an exchange (exchange-traded) or they may be privately negotiated contracts, which are usually referred to as OTC derivatives. Certain of the firm’s OTC derivatives are cleared and settled through
central clearing counterparties (OTC-cleared), while others are bilateral contracts between two counterparties (bilateral OTC).
 
  Market-Making.  As a market maker, the firm enters into derivative transactions to provide liquidity to clients and to facilitate the transfer and hedging of their risks. In this role, the firm typically acts as principal and is
required to commit capital to provide execution, and maintains inventory in response to, or in anticipation of, client demand.    Risk Management.  The firm also enters into derivatives to actively manage risk exposures that arise from its market-making and investing and lending activities in
derivative and cash instruments. The firm’s holdings and exposures are hedged, in many cases, on either a portfolio or risk-specific basis, as opposed to an instrument-by-instrument basis. The offsetting impact of this economic hedging is
reflected in the same business segment as the related revenues. In addition, the firm may enter into derivatives designated as hedges under U.S. GAAP. These derivatives are used to manage interest rate exposure in certain fixed-rate unsecured
long-term and short-term borrowings, and deposits, and to manage foreign currency exposure on the net investment in certain non-U.S. operations.  
 The firm enters into various types of derivatives, including:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Futures and Forwards.  Contracts that commit counterparties to
purchase or sell financial instruments, commodities or currencies in the future.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Swaps.  Contracts that require counterparties to exchange cash
flows such as currency or interest payment streams. The amounts exchanged are based on the specific terms of the contract with reference to specified rates, financial instruments, commodities, currencies or indices.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Options.  Contracts in which the option purchaser has the right,
but not the obligation, to purchase from or sell to the option writer financial instruments, commodities or currencies within a defined time period for a specified price.  
 Derivatives are reported on a net-by-counterparty basis (i.e., the net payable or receivable for derivative assets and liabilities for a given
counterparty) when a legal right of setoff exists under an enforceable netting agreement (counterparty netting). Derivatives are accounted for at fair value, net of cash collateral received or posted under enforceable credit support agreements (cash
collateral netting). Derivative assets and liabilities are included in “Financial instruments owned, at fair value” and “Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value,” respectively. Realized and unrealized
gains and losses on derivatives not designated as hedges under ASC 815 are included in “Market making” and “Other principal transactions” in Note 4.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 130 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The tables below present the gross fair value and the notional amount of derivative contracts by
major product type, the amounts of counterparty and cash collateral netting in the consolidated statements of financial condition, as well as cash and securities collateral posted and received under enforceable credit support agreements that do not
meet the criteria for netting under U.S. GAAP.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 2016 
   
   
   
   
 As of December 2015 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
     
 Derivative Assets 
       
   
     
 Derivative Liabilities 
       
   
   
   
     
 Derivative Assets 
       
   
     
 Derivative Liabilities 
       
 
   Not accounted for as hedges 
      
 
   Exchange-traded 
   
   
 $        443 
    
   
   
 $        382 
    
   
 
   
   
 $        310 
    
   
   
 $        280 
    
 
   
   
 
   OTC-cleared 
   
   
 189,471 
    
   
   
 168,946 
    
   
 
   
   
 211,272 
    
   
   
 192,401 
    
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 309,037 
    
   
   
 289,491 
    
   
   
   
   
 345,516 
    
   
   
 321,458 
    
 
   Total interest rates 
   
   
 498,951 
    
   
   
 458,819 
    
   
   
   
   
 557,098 
    
   
   
 514,139 
    
 
   OTC-cleared 
   
   
 4,837 
    
   
   
 4,811 
    
   
 
   
   
 5,203 
    
   
   
 5,596 
    
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 21,530 
    
   
   
 18,770 
    
   
   
   
   
 35,679 
    
   
   
 31,179 
    
 
   Total credit 
   
   
 26,367 
    
   
   
 23,581 
    
   
   
   
   
 40,882 
    
   
   
 36,775 
    
 
   Exchange-traded 
   
   
 36 
    
   
   
 176 
    
   
 
   
   
 183 
    
   
   
 204 
    
 
   
   
 
   OTC-cleared 
   
   
 796 
    
   
   
 798 
    
   
 
   
   
 165 
    
   
   
 128 
    
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 111,032 
    
   
   
 106,318 
    
   
   
   
   
 96,660 
    
   
   
 99,235 
    
 
   Total currencies 
   
   
 111,864 
    
   
   
 107,292 
    
   
   
   
   
 97,008 
    
   
   
 99,567 
    
 
   Exchange-traded 
   
   
 3,219 
    
   
   
 3,187 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,997 
    
   
   
 3,623 
    
 
   
   
 
   OTC-cleared 
   
   
 189 
    
   
   
 197 
    
   
 
   
   
 232 
    
   
   
 233 
    
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 8,945 
    
   
   
 10,487 
    
   
   
   
   
 17,445 
    
   
   
 17,215 
    
 
   Total commodities 
   
   
 12,353 
    
   
   
 13,871 
    
   
   
   
   
 20,674 
    
   
   
 21,071 
    
 
   Exchange-traded 
   
   
 8,576 
    
   
   
 8,064 
    
   
 
   
   
 9,372 
    
   
   
 7,908 
    
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 39,516 
    
   
   
 45,826 
    
   
   
   
   
 37,788 
    
   
   
 38,290 
    
 
   Total equities 
   
   
 48,092 
    
   
   
 53,890 
    
   
   
   
   
 47,160 
    
   
   
 46,198 
    
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 697,627 
    
   
   
 657,453 
    
   
   
   
   
 762,822 
    
   
   
 717,750 
    
 
   Accounted for as hedges 
      
 
   OTC-cleared 
   
   
 4,347 
    
   
   
 156 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,567 
    
   
   
 85 
    
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 4,180 
    
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
   
   
 6,660 
    
   
   
 20 
    
 
   Total interest rates 
   
   
 8,527 
    
   
   
 166 
    
   
   
   
   
 11,227 
    
   
   
 105 
    
 
   OTC-cleared 
   
   
 30 
    
   
   
 40 
    
   
 
   
   
 24 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 55 
    
   
   
 64 
    
   
   
   
   
 116 
    
   
   
 27 
    
 
   Total currencies 
   
   
 85 
    
   
   
 104 
    
   
   
   
   
 140 
    
   
   
 33 
    
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 8,612 
    
   
   
 270 
    
   
   
   
   
 11,367 
    
   
   
 138 
    
 
   Total gross fair value 
   
   
 $ 706,239 
    
   
   
 $ 657,723 
    
   
   
   
   
 $ 774,189 
    
   
   
 $ 717,888 
    
 
   Offset in the consolidated statements of financial condition 
      
 
   Exchange-traded 
   
   
 $    (9,727 
 )  
   
   
 $    (9,727 
 )  
   
 
   
   
 $    (9,398 
 )  
   
   
 $    (9,398 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   OTC-cleared 
   
   
 (171,864 
 )  
   
   
 (171,864 
 )  
   
 
   
   
 (194,928 
 )  
   
   
 (194,928 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 (385,647 
 )  
   
   
 (385,647 
 )  
   
   
   
   
 (426,841 
 )  
   
   
 (426,841 
 )  
 
   Total counterparty netting 
   
   
 (567,238 
 )  
   
   
 (567,238 
 )  
   
   
   
   
 (631,167 
 )  
   
   
 (631,167 
 )  
 
   OTC-cleared 
   
   
 (27,560 
 )  
   
   
 (2,940 
 )  
   
 
   
   
 (26,151 
 )  
   
   
 (3,305 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 (57,769 
 )  
   
   
 (40,046 
 )  
   
   
   
   
 (62,981 
 )  
   
   
 (36,645 
 )  
 
   Total cash collateral netting 
   
   
 (85,329 
 )  
   
   
 (42,986 
 )  
   
   
   
   
 (89,132 
 )  
   
   
 (39,950 
 )  
 
   Total amounts offset 
   
   
 $(652,567 
 )  
   
   
 $(610,224 
 )  
   
   
   
   
 $(720,299 
 )  
   
   
 $(671,117 
 )  
 
   Included in the consolidated statements of financial condition 
      
 
   Exchange-traded 
   
   
 $     2,547 
    
   
   
 $     2,082 
    
   
 
   
   
 $     3,464 
    
   
   
 $     2,617 
    
 
   
   
 
   OTC-cleared 
   
   
 246 
    
   
   
 144 
    
   
 
   
   
 384 
    
   
   
 216 
    
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 50,879 
    
   
   
 45,273 
    
   
   
   
   
 50,042 
    
   
   
 43,938 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $   53,672 
    
   
   
 $   47,499 
    
   
   
   
   
 $   53,890 
    
   
   
 $   46,771 
    
 
   Not offset in the consolidated statements of financial condition 
      
 
   Cash collateral 
   
   
 $       (535 
 )  
   
   
 $    (2,085 
 )  
   
   
   
   
 $       (498 
 )  
   
   
 $    (1,935 
 )  
 
   Securities collateral 
   
   
 (15,518 
 )  
   
   
 (10,224 
 )  
   
   
   
   
 (14,008 
 )  
   
   
 (10,044 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
   
 $   37,619 
    
   
   
 $   35,190 
    
   
   
   
   
 $   39,384 
    
   
   
 $   34,792 
    
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Notional Amounts as of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
      
   
 2015 
    
 
   Not accounted for as hedges 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Exchange-traded 
   
   
 $  4,425,532 
    
      
   
 $  4,402,843 
    
 
   
   
 
   OTC-cleared 
   
   
 16,646,145 
    
      
   
 20,738,687 
    
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 11,131,442 
    
      
   
 12,953,830 
    
 
   Total interest rates 
   
   
 32,203,119 
    
      
   
 38,095,360 
    
 
   OTC-cleared 
   
   
 378,432 
    
      
   
 339,244 
    
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 1,045,913 
    
      
   
 1,552,806 
    
 
   Total credit 
   
   
 1,424,345 
    
      
   
 1,892,050 
    
 
   Exchange-traded 
   
   
 13,800 
    
      
   
 13,073 
    
 
   
   
 
   OTC-cleared 
   
   
 62,799 
    
      
   
 14,617 
    
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 5,576,748 
    
      
   
 5,461,940 
    
 
   Total currencies 
   
   
 5,653,347 
    
      
   
 5,489,630 
    
 
   Exchange-traded 
   
   
 227,707 
    
      
   
 203,465 
    
 
   
   
 
   OTC-cleared 
   
   
 3,506 
    
      
   
 2,839 
    
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 196,899 
    
      
   
 230,750 
    
 
   Total commodities 
   
   
 428,112 
    
      
   
 437,054 
    
 
   Exchange-traded 
   
   
 605,335 
    
      
   
 528,419 
    
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 959,112 
    
      
   
 927,078 
    
 
   Total equities 
   
   
 1,564,447 
    
      
   
 1,455,497 
    
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 41,273,370 
    
      
   
 47,369,591 
    
 
   Accounted for as hedges 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   OTC-cleared 
   
   
 55,328 
    
      
   
 51,446 
    
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 36,607 
    
      
   
 62,022 
    
 
   Total interest rates 
   
   
 91,935 
    
      
   
 113,468 
    
 
   OTC-cleared 
   
   
 1,703 
    
      
   
 1,333 
    
 
   
   
 
   Bilateral OTC 
   
   
 8,544 
    
      
   
 8,615 
    
 
   Total currencies 
   
   
 10,247 
    
      
   
 9,948 
    
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 102,182 
    
      
   
 123,416 
    
 
   Total notional amount 
   
   
 $41,375,552 
    
      
   
 $47,493,007 
    
   In the tables above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Gross fair values exclude the effects of both counterparty netting and collateral, and therefore are not
representative of the firm’s exposure.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Where the firm has received or posted collateral under credit support agreements, but has not yet determined
such agreements are enforceable, the related collateral has not been netted.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Notional amounts, which represent the sum of gross long and short derivative contracts, provide an indication
of the volume of the firm’s derivative activity and do not represent anticipated losses.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Total gross fair value of derivatives includes derivative assets and derivative liabilities of
$19.92 billion and $20.79 billion, respectively, as of December 2016, and derivative assets and derivative liabilities of $17.09 billion and $18.16 billion, respectively, as of December 2015, which are not subject to an
enforceable netting agreement or are subject to a netting agreement that the firm has not yet determined to be enforceable.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 131 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  A clearing organization adopted a rule change in the first quarter of 2017 that requires
transactions to be considered settled each day. Certain other clearing organizations allow for similar treatment. To the extent transactions with these clearing organizations are considered settled, the impact would be a reduction in gross interest
rate and credit derivative assets and liabilities, and a corresponding decrease in counterparty and cash collateral netting, with no impact to the consolidated statements of financial condition.  
 Valuation Techniques for Derivatives    The
firm’s level 2 and level 3 derivatives are valued using derivative pricing models (e.g., discounted cash flow models, correlation models, and models that incorporate option pricing methodologies, such as Monte Carlo simulations).
Price transparency of derivatives can generally be characterized by product type, as described below.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Interest Rate.  In general, the key inputs used to value interest
rate derivatives are transparent, even for most long-dated contracts. Interest rate swaps and options denominated in the currencies of leading industrialized nations are characterized by high trading volumes and tight bid/offer spreads. Interest
rate derivatives that reference indices, such as an inflation index, or the shape of the yield curve (e.g., 10-year swap rate vs. 2-year swap rate) are more complex, but the key inputs are generally observable.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Credit.  Price transparency for credit default swaps, including
both single names and baskets of credits, varies by market and underlying reference entity or obligation. Credit default swaps that reference indices, large corporates and major sovereigns generally exhibit the most price transparency. For credit
default swaps with other underliers, price transparency varies based on credit rating, the cost of borrowing the underlying reference obligations, and the availability of the underlying reference obligations for delivery upon the default of the
issuer. Credit default swaps that reference loans, asset-backed securities and emerging market debt instruments tend to have less price transparency than those that reference corporate bonds. In addition, more complex credit derivatives, such as
those sensitive to the correlation between two or more underlying reference obligations, generally have less price transparency.
 

 
 
 • 
   
   Currency.  Prices for currency derivatives based on the exchange
rates of leading industrialized nations, including those with longer tenors, are generally transparent. The primary difference between the price transparency of developed and emerging market currency derivatives is that emerging markets tend to be
observable for contracts with shorter tenors.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Commodity.  Commodity derivatives include transactions referenced
to energy (e.g., oil and natural gas), metals (e.g., precious and base) and soft commodities (e.g., agricultural). Price transparency varies based on the underlying commodity, delivery location, tenor and product quality (e.g., diesel fuel compared
to unleaded gasoline). In general, price transparency for commodity derivatives is greater for contracts with shorter tenors and contracts that are more closely aligned with major and/or benchmark commodity indices.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Equity.  Price transparency for equity derivatives varies by
market and underlier. Options on indices and the common stock of corporates included in major equity indices exhibit the most price transparency. Equity derivatives generally have observable market prices, except for contracts with long tenors or
reference prices that differ significantly from current market prices. More complex equity derivatives, such as those sensitive to the correlation between two or more individual stocks, generally have less price transparency.  
 Liquidity is essential to observability of all product types. If transaction volumes decline, previously transparent prices and other inputs
may become unobservable. Conversely, even highly structured products may at times have trading volumes large enough to provide observability of prices and other inputs. See Note 5 for an overview of the firm’s fair value measurement
policies.    Level 1 Derivatives  
 Level 1 derivatives include short-term contracts for future delivery of securities when the underlying security is a level 1
instrument, and exchange-traded derivatives if they are actively traded and are valued at their quoted market price.    Level 2 Derivatives  
 Level 2 derivatives include OTC derivatives for which all significant valuation inputs are corroborated by market evidence and
exchange-traded derivatives that are not actively traded and/or that are valued using models that calibrate to market-clearing levels of OTC derivatives.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 132 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The selection of a particular model to value a derivative depends on the contractual terms of
and specific risks inherent in the instrument, as well as the availability of pricing information in the market. For derivatives that trade in liquid markets, model selection does not involve significant management judgment because outputs of models
can be calibrated to market-clearing levels.    Valuation models require a variety of inputs, such as contractual terms, market prices, yield
curves, discount rates (including those derived from interest rates on collateral received and posted as specified in credit support agreements for collateralized derivatives), credit curves, measures of volatility, prepayment rates, loss severity
rates and correlations of such inputs. Significant inputs to the valuations of level 2 derivatives can be verified to market transactions, broker or dealer quotations or other alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price
transparency. Consideration is given to the nature of the quotations (e.g., indicative or firm) and the relationship of recent market activity to the prices provided from alternative pricing sources.  
 Level 3 Derivatives    Level 3 derivatives
are valued using models which utilize observable level 1 and/or level 2 inputs, as well as unobservable level 3 inputs. The significant unobservable inputs used to value the firm’s level 3 derivatives are described below.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   For the majority of the firm’s interest rate and currency derivatives classified within level 3,
significant unobservable inputs include correlations of certain currencies and interest rates (e.g., the correlation between Euro inflation and Euro interest rates) and specific interest rate volatilities.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   For level 3 credit derivatives, significant unobservable inputs include illiquid credit spreads and
upfront credit points, which are unique to specific reference obligations and reference entities, recovery rates and certain correlations required to value credit derivatives (e.g., the likelihood of default of the underlying reference obligation
relative to one another).      
 
 
 • 
   
   For level 3 commodity derivatives, significant unobservable inputs include volatilities for options with
strike prices that differ significantly from current market prices and prices or spreads for certain products for which the product quality or physical location of the commodity is not aligned with benchmark indices.
 

 
 
 • 
   
   For level 3 equity derivatives, significant unobservable inputs generally include equity volatility
inputs for options that are long-dated and/or have strike prices that differ significantly from current market prices. In addition, the valuation of certain structured trades requires the use of level 3 correlation inputs, such as the
correlation of the price performance of two or more individual stocks or the correlation of the price performance for a basket of stocks to another asset class such as commodities.  
 Subsequent to the initial valuation of a level 3 derivative, the firm updates the level 1 and level 2 inputs to reflect
observable market changes and any resulting gains and losses are recorded in level 3. Level 3 inputs are changed when corroborated by evidence such as similar market transactions, third-party pricing services and/or broker or dealer
quotations or other empirical market data. In circumstances where the firm cannot verify the model value by reference to market transactions, it is possible that a different valuation model could produce a materially different estimate of fair
value. See below for further information about significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of level 3 derivatives.    Valuation Adjustments  
 Valuation adjustments are integral to determining the fair value of derivative portfolios and are used to adjust the mid-market valuations
produced by derivative pricing models to the appropriate exit price valuation. These adjustments incorporate bid/offer spreads, the cost of liquidity, credit valuation adjustments and funding valuation adjustments, which account for the credit and
funding risk inherent in the uncollateralized portion of derivative portfolios. The firm also makes funding valuation adjustments to collateralized derivatives where the terms of the agreement do not permit the firm to deliver or repledge collateral
received. Market-based inputs are generally used when calibrating valuation adjustments to market-clearing levels.    In addition, for
derivatives that include significant unobservable inputs, the firm makes model or exit price adjustments to account for the valuation uncertainty present in the transaction.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 133 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Fair Value of Derivatives by Level  
 The tables below present the fair value of derivatives on a gross basis by level and major product type as well as the impact of netting,
included in the consolidated statements of financial condition.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 2016 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Level 1 
   
   
   
 Level 2 
   
   
   
 Level 3 
   
   
   
 Total  
   
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rates 
   
   
 $   46 
   
   
   
 $ 506,818 
   
   
   
 $    614 
   
   
   
 $  507,478 
   
 
   
   
 
   Credit 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 21,388 
   
   
   
 4,979 
   
   
   
 26,367 
   
 
   
   
 
   Currencies 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 111,762 
   
   
   
 187 
   
   
   
 111,949 
   
 
   
   
 
   Commodities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 11,950 
   
   
   
 403 
   
   
   
 12,353 
   
 
   
   
 
   Equities 
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 47,667 
   
   
   
 424 
   
   
   
 48,092 
   
 
   Gross fair value 
   
   
 47 
   
   
   
 699,585 
   
   
   
 6,607 
   
   
   
 706,239 
   
 
   
   
 
   Counterparty netting within levels 
   
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 (564,100 
 )  
   
   
 (1,417 
 )  
   
   
 (565,529 
 )  
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 $   35 
   
   
   
 $ 135,485 
   
   
   
 $ 5,190 
   
   
   
 $  140,710 
   
 
   
   
 
   Cross-level counterparty netting 
     
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,709 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Cash collateral netting 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (85,329 
 )  
 
   Net fair value 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $    53,672 
   
 
       Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rates 
   
   
 $  (27 
 )  
   
   
 $(457,963 
 )  
   
   
 $   (995 
 )  
   
   
 $ (458,985 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Credit 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (21,106 
 )  
   
   
 (2,475 
 )  
   
   
 (23,581 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Currencies 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (107,212 
 )  
   
   
 (184 
 )  
   
   
 (107,396 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Commodities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (13,541 
 )  
   
   
 (330 
 )  
   
   
 (13,871 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Equities 
   
   
 (967 
 )  
   
   
 (49,083 
 )  
   
   
 (3,840 
 )  
   
   
 (53,890 
 )  
 
   Gross fair value 
   
   
 (994 
 )  
   
   
 (648,905 
 )  
   
   
 (7,824 
 )  
   
   
 (657,723 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Counterparty netting within levels 
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 564,100 
   
   
   
 1,417 
   
   
   
 565,529 
   
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 $(982 
 )  
   
   
 $  (84,805 
 )  
   
   
 $(6,407 
 )  
   
   
 $   (92,194 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Cross-level counterparty netting 
     
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,709 
   
 
   
   
 
   Cash collateral netting 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 42,986 
   
 
   Net fair value 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $   (47,499 
 )  
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 2015 
   
 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Level 1 
   
   
   
 Level 2 
   
   
   
 Level 3 
   
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rates 
   
   
 $     4 
   
   
   
 $ 567,761 
   
   
   
 $    560 
   
   
   
 $  568,325 
   
 
   
   
 
   Credit 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 34,832 
   
   
   
 6,050 
   
   
   
 40,882 
   
 
   
   
 
   Currencies 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 96,959 
   
   
   
 189 
   
   
   
 97,148 
   
 
   
   
 
   Commodities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 20,087 
   
   
   
 587 
   
   
   
 20,674 
   
 
   
   
 
   Equities 
   
   
 46 
   
   
   
 46,491 
   
   
   
 623 
   
   
   
 47,160 
   
 
   Gross fair value 
   
   
 50 
   
   
   
 766,130 
   
   
   
 8,009 
   
   
   
 774,189 
   
 
   
   
 
   Counterparty netting within levels 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (627,548 
 )  
   
   
 (2,139 
 )  
   
   
 (629,687 
 )  
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 $   50 
   
   
   
 $ 138,582 
   
   
   
 $ 5,870 
   
   
   
 $  144,502 
   
 
   
   
 
   Cross-level counterparty netting 
     
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,480 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Cash collateral netting 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (89,132 
 )  
 
   Net fair value 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $    53,890 
   
 
       Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rates 
   
   
 $  (11 
 )  
   
   
 $(513,275 
 )  
   
   
 $   (958 
 )  
   
   
 $ (514,244 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Credit 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (33,518 
 )  
   
   
 (3,257 
 )  
   
   
 (36,775 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Currencies 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (99,377 
 )  
   
   
 (223 
 )  
   
   
 (99,600 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Commodities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (20,222 
 )  
   
   
 (849 
 )  
   
   
 (21,071 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Equities 
   
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 (43,953 
 )  
   
   
 (2,227 
 )  
   
   
 (46,198 
 )  
 
   Gross fair value 
   
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 (710,345 
 )  
   
   
 (7,514 
 )  
   
   
 (717,888 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Counterparty netting within levels 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 627,548 
   
   
   
 2,139 
   
   
   
 629,687 
   
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 $  (29 
 )  
   
   
 $  (82,797 
 )  
   
   
 $(5,375 
 )  
   
   
 $   (88,201 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Cross-level counterparty netting 
     
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,480 
   
 
   
   
 
   Cash collateral netting 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 39,950 
   
 
   Net fair value 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $   (46,771 
 )  
   
  In the tables above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The gross fair values exclude the effects of both counterparty netting and collateral netting, and therefore
are not representative of the firm’s exposure.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Counterparty netting is reflected in each level to the extent that receivable and payable balances are netted
within the same level and is included in counterparty netting within levels. Where the counterparty netting is across levels, the netting is reflected in cross-level counterparty netting.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Derivative assets are shown as positive amounts and derivative liabilities are shown as negative amounts.
   Significant Unobservable Inputs  
 The table below presents the amount of level 3 assets (liabilities), and ranges, averages and medians of significant unobservable inputs
used to value the firm’s level 3 derivatives.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Level 3 Assets (Liabilities) and Range of Significant Unobservable Inputs (Average/Median)
as of December 


 
 $ in millions 
   
 2016 
   
 2015 
 
   Interest rates, net 
   
 $(381) 
   
 $(398) 
 
   
 
   Correlation 
   
 (10)% to 86% (56%/60%) 
   
 (25)% to 92% (53%/55%) 
 
   
 
   Volatility (bps) 
   
 31 to 151 (84/57) 
   
 31 to 152 (84/57) 
 
   Credit, net 
   
 $2,504  
   
 $2,793  
 
   
 
   Correlation 
   
 35% to 91% (65%/68%) 
   
 46% to 99% (68%/66%) 
 
   
 
   Credit spreads (bps) 
   
 1 to 993 (122/73) 
   
 1 to 1,019 (129/86) 
 
   
 
   Upfront credit points 
   
 0 to 100 (43/35) 
   
 0 to 100 (41/40) 
 
   
 
   Recovery rates 
   
 1% to 97% (58%/70%) 
   
 2% to 97% (58%/70%) 
 
   Currencies, net 
   
 $3  
   
 $(34) 
 
   
 
   Correlation 
   
 25% to 70% (50%/55%) 
   
 25% to 70% (50%/51%) 
 
   Commodities, net 
   
 $73  
   
 $(262) 
 
   
 
   Volatility 
   
 13% to 68% (33%/33%) 
   
 11% to 77% (35%/34%) 
 
   
 
   Natural gas spread  
   
   $(1.81) to $4.33 
 ($(0.14)/$(0.05)) 
   
   $(1.32) to $4.15 
 ($(0.05)/$(0.01)) 
 
   
 
   Oil spread 
   
   $(19.72) to $64.92 
 ($25.30/$16.43) 
   
   $(10.64) to $65.29 
 ($3.34/$(3.31)) 
 
   Equities, net 
   
 $(3,416) 
   
 $(1,604) 
 
   
 
   Correlation 
   
 (39)% to 88% (41%/41%) 
   
 (65)% to 94% (42%/48%) 
 
   
 
   Volatility 
   
 5% to 72% (24%/23%) 
   
 5% to 76% (24%/23%) 
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Derivative assets are shown as positive amounts and derivative liabilities are shown as negative amounts.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Ranges represent the significant unobservable inputs that were used in the valuation of each type of
derivative.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Averages represent the arithmetic average of the inputs and are not weighted by the relative fair value or
notional of the respective financial instruments. An average greater than the median indicates that the majority of inputs are below the average. For example, the difference between the average and the median for credit spreads and oil spread inputs
indicates that the majority of the inputs fall in the lower end of the range.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 134 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 

 
 
 • 
   
   The ranges, averages and medians of these inputs are not representative of the appropriate inputs to use when
calculating the fair value of any one derivative. For example, the highest correlation for interest rate derivatives is appropriate for valuing a specific interest rate derivative but may not be appropriate for valuing any other interest rate
derivative. Accordingly, the ranges of inputs do not represent uncertainty in, or possible ranges of, fair value measurements of the firm’s level 3 derivatives.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Interest rates, currencies and equities derivatives are valued using option pricing models, credit derivatives
are valued using option pricing, correlation and discounted cash flow models, and commodities derivatives are valued using option pricing and discounted cash flow models.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The fair value of any one instrument may be determined using multiple valuation techniques. For example,
option pricing models and discounted cash flows models are typically used together to determine fair value. Therefore, the level 3 balance encompasses both of these techniques.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Correlation within currencies and equities includes cross-product correlation.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Natural gas spread represents the spread per million British thermal units of natural gas.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Oil spread represents the spread per barrel of oil and refined products.  
 Range of Significant Unobservable Inputs    The
following is information about the ranges of significant unobservable inputs used to value the firm’s level 3 derivative instruments:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Correlation.  Ranges for correlation cover a variety of
underliers both within one market (e.g., equity index and equity single stock names) and across markets (e.g., correlation of an interest rate and a foreign exchange rate), as well as across regions. Generally, cross-product correlation inputs are
used to value more complex instruments and are lower than correlation inputs on assets within the same derivative product type.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Volatility.  Ranges for volatility cover numerous underliers
across a variety of markets, maturities and strike prices. For example, volatility of equity indices is generally lower than volatility of single stocks.
 

 
 
 • 
   
   Credit spreads, upfront credit points and recovery rates.  The
ranges for credit spreads, upfront credit points and recovery rates cover a variety of underliers (index and single names), regions, sectors, maturities and credit qualities (high-yield and investment-grade). The broad range of this population gives
rise to the width of the ranges of significant unobservable inputs.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Commodity prices and spreads.  The ranges for commodity prices
and spreads cover variability in products, maturities and delivery locations.    Sensitivity of Fair Value Measurement to Changes
in Significant Unobservable Inputs    The following is a description of the directional sensitivity of the firm’s level 3 fair
value measurements to changes in significant unobservable inputs, in isolation:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Correlation.  In general, for contracts where the holder benefits
from the convergence of the underlying asset or index prices (e.g., interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates and equity prices), an increase in correlation results in a higher fair value measurement.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Volatility.  In general, for purchased options, an increase in
volatility results in a higher fair value measurement.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Credit spreads, upfront credit points and recovery rates.  In
general, the fair value of purchased credit protection increases as credit spreads or upfront credit points increase or recovery rates decrease. Credit spreads, upfront credit points and recovery rates are strongly related to distinctive risk
factors of the underlying reference obligations, which include reference entity-specific factors such as leverage, volatility and industry, market-based risk factors, such as borrowing costs or liquidity of the underlying reference obligation, and
macroeconomic conditions.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Commodity prices and spreads.  In general, for contracts where
the holder is receiving a commodity, an increase in the spread (price difference from a benchmark index due to differences in quality or delivery location) or price results in a higher fair value measurement.  
 Due to the distinctive nature of each of the firm’s level 3 derivatives, the interrelationship of inputs is not necessarily uniform
within each product type.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 135 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  Level 3 Rollforward
 
  The table below presents a summary of the changes in fair value for all level 3
derivatives. In the table below:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Changes in fair value are presented for all derivative assets and liabilities that are categorized as
level 3 as of the end of the period.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) relate to instruments that were still held at period-end.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   If a derivative was transferred to level 3 during a reporting period, its entire gain or loss for the
period is included in level 3. Transfers between levels are reported at the beginning of the reporting period in which they occur.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Positive amounts for transfers into level 3 and negative amounts for transfers out of level 3
represent net transfers of derivative assets. Negative amounts for transfers into level 3 and positive amounts for transfers out of level 3 represent net transfers of derivative liabilities.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   A derivative with level 1 and/or level 2 inputs is classified in level 3 in its entirety if it
has at least one significant level 3 input.      
 
 
 • 
   
   If there is one significant level 3 input, the entire gain or loss from adjusting only observable inputs
(i.e., level 1 and level 2 inputs) is classified as level 3.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Gains or losses that have been reported in level 3 resulting from changes in level 1 or level 2
inputs are frequently offset by gains or losses attributable to level 1 or level 2 derivatives and/or level 1, level 2 and level 3 cash instruments. As a result, gains/(losses) included in the level 3 rollforward below
do not necessarily represent the overall impact on the firm’s results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
 
   Total level 3 derivatives 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $    495 
   
    
   
 $    706 
   
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (37 
 )  
    
   
 67 
   
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 777 
   
    
   
 679 
   
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 115 
   
    
   
 240 
   
 
   
   
 
   Sales 
   
   
 (3,557 
 )  
    
   
 (1,864 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 782 
   
    
   
 1,498 
   
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 352 
   
    
   
 (4 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 (144 
 )  
    
   
 (827 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $(1,217 
 )  
    
   
 $    495 
   
   
  The table below disaggregates, by product type, the information for level 3 derivatives
included in the summary table above.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
      
   
 2015 
   
 
   Interest rates, net 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $   (398 
 )  
      
   
 $     (40 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (41 
 )  
      
   
 (53 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (138 
 )  
      
   
 66 
   
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 5 
   
      
   
 3 
   
 
   
   
 
   Sales 
   
   
 (3 
 )  
      
   
 (31 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 36 
   
      
   
 (144 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 195 
   
      
   
 (149 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 (37 
 )  
      
   
 (50 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $   (381 
 )  
      
   
 $   (398 
 )  
 
   Credit, net 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $ 2,793 
   
      
   
 $ 3,530 
   
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 — 
   
      
   
 92 
   
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 196 
   
      
   
 804 
   
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 20 
   
      
   
 80 
   
 
   
   
 
   Sales 
   
   
 (73 
 )  
      
   
 (237 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (516 
 )  
      
   
 (640 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 179 
   
      
   
 206 
   
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 (95 
 )  
      
   
 (1,042 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $ 2,504 
   
      
   
 $ 2,793 
   
 
   Currencies, net 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $     (34 
 )  
      
   
 $   (267 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (30 
 )  
      
   
 (49 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (42 
 )  
      
   
 40 
   
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 14 
   
      
   
 32 
   
 
   
   
 
   Sales 
   
   
 (2 
 )  
      
   
 (10 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 90 
   
      
   
 162 
   
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 1 
   
      
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 6 
   
      
   
 59 
   
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $        3 
   
      
   
 $     (34 
 )  
 
   Commodities, net 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $   (262 
 )  
      
   
 $(1,142 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (23 
 )  
      
   
 34 
   
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 101 
   
      
   
 (52 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 24 
   
      
   
 — 
   
 
   
   
 
   Sales 
   
   
 (119 
 )  
      
   
 (234 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 391 
   
      
   
 1,034 
   
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 (23 
 )  
      
   
 (35 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 (16 
 )  
      
   
 133 
   
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $      73 
   
      
   
 $   (262 
 )  
 
   Equities, net 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $(1,604 
 )  
      
   
 $(1,375 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 57 
   
      
   
 43 
   
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 660 
   
      
   
 (179 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 52 
   
      
   
 125 
   
 
   
   
 
   Sales 
   
   
 (3,360 
 )  
      
   
 (1,352 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 781 
   
      
   
 1,086 
   
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 — 
   
      
   
 (25 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 (2 
 )  
      
   
 73 
   
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $(3,416 
 )  
      
   
 $(1,604 
 )  
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 136 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Level 3 Rollforward Commentary  
 Year Ended December 2016.  The net realized and
unrealized gains on level 3 derivatives of $740 million (reflecting $37 million of net realized losses and $777 million of net unrealized gains) for 2016, include gains/losses of approximately $980 million and
$(240) million reported in “Market making” and “Other principal transactions” respectively.    The net
unrealized gain on level 3 derivatives of $777 million for the year ended December 2016 was primarily attributable to gains on certain equity derivatives, reflecting the impact of an increase in equity prices.  
 Transfers into level 3 derivatives during 2016 primarily reflected transfers of certain interest rate derivative assets from level 2,
principally due to reduced transparency of certain unobservable inputs used to value these derivatives, and transfers of certain credit derivative assets from level 2 primarily due to unobservable credit spread inputs becoming significant to
the net risk of certain portfolios.    Transfers out of level 3 derivatives during 2016 primarily reflected transfers of certain credit
derivatives assets to level 2, primarily due to unobservable credit spread inputs no longer being significant to the net risk of certain portfolios.  
 Year Ended December 2015.  The net realized and
unrealized gains on level 3 derivative assets and liabilities of $746 million (reflecting $67 million of net realized gains and $679 million of net unrealized gains) for 2015, include gains of approximately $518 million and
$228 million reported in “Market making” and “Other principal transactions” respectively.    The net
unrealized gain on level 3 derivatives of $679 million for 2015 was primarily attributable to gains on certain credit derivatives, reflecting the impact of wider credit spreads, and changes in foreign exchange and interest rates.  
 Transfers into level 3 derivatives during 2015 primarily reflected transfers of certain credit derivative assets from level 2,
primarily due to unobservable credit spread inputs becoming significant to the valuations of these derivatives, and transfers of certain interest rate derivative liabilities from level 2, primarily due to certain unobservable inputs becoming
significant to the valuations of these derivatives.    Transfers out of level 3 derivatives during 2015 primarily reflected transfers of
certain credit derivative assets to level 2, principally due to increased transparency and reduced significance of certain unobservable credit spread inputs used to value these derivatives.
 
  OTC Derivatives  
 The table below presents the fair values of OTC derivative assets and liabilities by tenor and major product type.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
       
 Less than   1 Year 
         
   
       
 1 - 5   Years 
         
   
       
 Greater than   5 Years 
         
   
   
 Total 
    
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rates 
   
   
 $  5,845 
    
   
   
 $18,376 
    
   
   
 $79,507 
    
   
   
 $103,728 
    
 
   
   
 
   Credit 
   
   
 1,763 
    
   
   
 2,695 
    
   
   
 4,889 
    
   
   
 9,347 
    
 
   
   
 
   Currencies 
   
   
 18,344 
    
   
   
 8,292 
    
   
   
 8,428 
    
   
   
 35,064 
    
 
   
   
 
   Commodities 
   
   
 3,273 
    
   
   
 1,415 
    
   
   
 179 
    
   
   
 4,867 
    
 
   
   
 
   Equities 
   
   
 3,141 
    
   
   
 9,249 
    
   
   
 1,341 
    
   
   
 13,731 
    
 
   
   
 
   Counterparty netting within tenors 
   
   
 (3,543 
 )  
   
   
 (5,550 
 )  
   
   
 (3,794 
 )  
   
   
 (12,887 
 )  
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 $28,823 
    
   
   
 $34,477 
    
   
   
 $90,550 
    
   
   
 $153,850 
    
 
   
   
 
   Cross-tenor counterparty netting 
      
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (17,396 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Cash collateral netting 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (85,329 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $  51,125 
    
 
       Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rates 
   
   
 $  5,679 
    
   
   
 $10,814 
    
   
   
 $38,812 
    
   
   
 $  55,305 
    
 
   
   
 
   Credit 
   
   
 2,060 
    
   
   
 3,328 
    
   
   
 1,167 
    
   
   
 6,555 
    
 
   
   
 
   Currencies 
   
   
 14,720 
    
   
   
 9,771 
    
   
   
 5,879 
    
   
   
 30,370 
    
 
   
   
 
   Commodities 
   
   
 2,546 
    
   
   
 1,555 
    
   
   
 2,315 
    
   
   
 6,416 
    
 
   
   
 
   Equities 
   
   
 7,000 
    
   
   
 10,426 
    
   
   
 2,614 
    
   
   
 20,040 
    
 
   
   
 
   Counterparty netting within tenors 
   
   
 (3,543 
 )  
   
   
 (5,550 
 )  
   
   
 (3,794 
 )  
   
   
 (12,887 
 )  
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 $28,462 
    
   
   
 $30,344 
    
   
   
 $46,993 
    
   
   
 $105,799 
    
 
   
   
 
   Cross-tenor counterparty netting 
      
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (17,396 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Cash collateral netting 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (42,986 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $  45,417 
    
 
       As of December 2015 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rates 
   
   
 $  4,231 
    
   
   
 $23,278 
    
   
   
 $81,401 
    
   
   
 $108,910 
    
 
   
   
 
   Credit 
   
   
 1,664 
    
   
   
 4,547 
    
   
   
 5,842 
    
   
   
 12,053 
    
 
   
   
 
   Currencies 
   
   
 14,646 
    
   
   
 8,936 
    
   
   
 6,353 
    
   
   
 29,935 
    
 
   
   
 
   Commodities 
   
   
 6,228 
    
   
   
 3,897 
    
   
   
 231 
    
   
   
 10,356 
    
 
   
   
 
   Equities 
   
   
 4,806 
    
   
   
 7,091 
    
   
   
 1,550 
    
   
   
 13,447 
    
 
   
   
 
   Counterparty netting within tenors 
   
   
 (3,660 
 )  
   
   
 (5,751 
 )  
   
   
 (5,270 
 )  
   
   
 (14,681 
 )  
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 $27,915 
    
   
   
 $41,998 
    
   
   
 $90,107 
    
   
   
 $160,020 
    
 
   
   
 
   Cross-tenor counterparty netting 
      
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (20,462 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Cash collateral netting 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (89,132 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $  50,426 
    
 
       Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rates 
   
   
 $  5,323 
    
   
   
 $13,945 
    
   
   
 $35,592 
    
   
   
 $  54,860 
    
 
   
   
 
   Credit 
   
   
 1,804 
    
   
   
 4,704 
    
   
   
 1,437 
    
   
   
 7,945 
    
 
   
   
 
   Currencies 
   
   
 12,378 
    
   
   
 9,940 
    
   
   
 10,048 
    
   
   
 32,366 
    
 
   
   
 
   Commodities 
   
   
 4,464 
    
   
   
 3,136 
    
   
   
 2,526 
    
   
   
 10,126 
    
 
   
   
 
   Equities 
   
   
 5,154 
    
   
   
 5,802 
    
   
   
 2,994 
    
   
   
 13,950 
    
 
   
   
 
   Counterparty netting within tenors 
   
   
 (3,660 
 )  
   
   
 (5,751 
 )  
   
   
 (5,270 
 )  
   
   
 (14,681 
 )  
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 $25,463 
    
   
   
 $31,776 
    
   
   
 $47,327 
    
   
   
 $104,566 
    
 
   
   
 
   Cross-tenor counterparty netting 
      
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (20,462 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Cash collateral netting 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (39,950 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $  44,154 
    
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 137 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Tenor is based on expected duration for mortgage-related credit derivatives and generally on remaining
contractual maturity for other derivatives.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Counterparty netting within the same product type and tenor category is included within such product type and
tenor category.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Counterparty netting across product types within the same tenor category is included in counterparty netting
within tenors. Where the counterparty netting is across tenor categories, the netting is reflected in cross-tenor counterparty netting.    Credit
Derivatives    The firm enters into a broad array of credit derivatives in locations around the world to facilitate client transactions
and to manage the credit risk associated with market-making and investing and lending activities. Credit derivatives are actively managed based on the firm’s net risk position.  
 Credit derivatives are individually negotiated contracts and can have various settlement and payment conventions. Credit events include failure
to pay, bankruptcy, acceleration of indebtedness, restructuring, repudiation and dissolution of the reference entity.    The firm enters into
the following types of credit derivatives:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Credit Default Swaps.  Single-name credit default swaps protect
the buyer against the loss of principal on one or more bonds, loans or mortgages (reference obligations) in the event the issuer (reference entity) of the reference obligations suffers a credit event. The buyer of protection pays an initial or
periodic premium to the seller and receives protection for the period of the contract. If there is no credit event, as defined in the contract, the seller of protection makes no payments to the buyer of protection. However, if a credit event occurs,
the seller of protection is required to make a payment to the buyer of protection, which is calculated in accordance with the terms of the contract.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Credit Options.  In a credit option, the option writer assumes
the obligation to purchase or sell a reference obligation at a specified price or credit spread. The option purchaser buys the right, but does not assume the obligation, to sell the reference obligation to, or purchase it from, the option writer.
The payments on credit options depend either on a particular credit spread or the price of the reference obligation.
 

 
 
 • 
   
   Credit Indices, Baskets and Tranches.  Credit derivatives may
reference a basket of single-name credit default swaps or a broad-based index. If a credit event occurs in one of the underlying reference obligations, the protection seller pays the protection buyer. The payment is typically a pro-rata portion of
the transaction’s total notional amount based on the underlying defaulted reference obligation. In certain transactions, the credit risk of a basket or index is separated into various portions (tranches), each having different levels of
subordination. The most junior tranches cover initial defaults and once losses exceed the notional amount of these junior tranches, any excess loss is covered by the next most senior tranche in the capital structure.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Total Return Swaps.  A total return swap transfers the risks
relating to economic performance of a reference obligation from the protection buyer to the protection seller. Typically, the protection buyer receives from the protection seller a floating rate of interest and protection against any reduction in
fair value of the reference obligation, and in return the protection seller receives the cash flows associated with the reference obligation, plus any increase in the fair value of the reference obligation.  
 The firm economically hedges its exposure to written credit derivatives primarily by entering into offsetting purchased credit derivatives with
identical underliers. Substantially all of the firm’s purchased credit derivative transactions are with financial institutions and are subject to stringent collateral thresholds. In addition, upon the occurrence of a specified trigger event,
the firm may take possession of the reference obligations underlying a particular written credit derivative, and consequently may, upon liquidation of the reference obligations, recover amounts on the underlying reference obligations in the event of
default.    As of December 2016, written and purchased credit derivatives had total gross notional amounts of $690.47 billion and
$733.98 billion, respectively, for total net notional purchased protection of $43.51 billion. As of December 2015, written and purchased credit derivatives had total gross notional amounts of $923.48 billion and
$968.68 billion, respectively, for total net notional purchased protection of $45.20 billion. Substantially all of the firm’s written and purchased credit derivatives are credit default swaps.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 138 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The table below presents certain information about credit derivatives.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Credit Spread on Underlier (basis points) 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 0 - 250 
   
   
     
 251 -   500 
       
   
     
 501  -   1,000 
     
   
     
 Greater than   1,000 
         
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   As of December 2016 
     
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
       Maximum Payout/Notional
Amount of Written Credit Derivatives by Tenor 
       
 
   Less than 1 year 
   
   
 $207,727 
   
   
   
 $  5,819 
   
   
   
 $  1,016 
   
   
   
 $   8,629 
   
   
   
 $223,191 
   
 
   
   
 
   1 – 5 years 
   
   
 375,208 
   
   
   
 17,255 
   
   
   
 8,643 
   
   
   
 7,986 
   
   
   
 409,092 
   
 
   
   
 
   Greater than 5 years 
   
   
 52,977 
   
   
   
 3,928 
   
   
   
 1,045 
   
   
   
 233 
   
   
   
 58,183 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $635,912 
   
   
   
 $27,002 
   
   
   
 $10,704 
   
   
   
 $ 16,848 
   
   
   
 $690,466 
   
 
       Maximum Payout/Notional
Amount of Purchased Credit Derivatives 
       
 
   Offsetting 
   
   
 $558,305 
   
   
   
 $20,588 
   
   
   
 $10,133 
   
   
   
 $ 15,186 
   
   
   
 $604,212 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 119,509 
   
   
   
 7,712 
   
   
   
 1,098 
   
   
   
 1,446 
   
   
   
 129,765 
   
 
       Fair Value of Written
Credit Derivatives 
       
 
   Asset 
   
   
 $  13,919 
   
   
   
 $     606 
   
   
   
 $     187 
   
   
   
 $        45 
   
   
   
 $  14,757 
   
 
   
   
 
   Liability 
   
   
 2,436 
   
   
   
 902 
   
   
   
 809 
   
   
   
 5,686 
   
   
   
 9,833 
   
 
   Net asset/(liability) 
   
   
 $  11,483 
   
   
   
 $    (296 
 )  
   
   
 $    (622 
 )  
   
   
 $  (5,641 
 )  
   
   
 $    4,924 
   
 
       As of
December 2015 
       
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
       Maximum Payout/Notional
Amount of Written Credit Derivatives by Tenor 
       
 
   Less than 1 year 
   
   
 $240,468 
   
   
   
 $  2,859 
   
   
   
 $  2,881 
   
   
   
 $ 10,533 
   
   
   
 $256,741 
   
 
   
   
 
   1 – 5 years 
   
   
 514,986 
   
   
   
 42,399 
   
   
   
 16,327 
   
   
   
 26,271 
   
   
   
 599,983 
   
 
   
   
 
   Greater than 5 years 
   
   
 57,054 
   
   
   
 6,481 
   
   
   
 1,567 
   
   
   
 1,651 
   
   
   
 66,753 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $812,508 
   
   
   
 $51,739 
   
   
   
 $20,775 
   
   
   
 $ 38,455 
   
   
   
 $923,477 
   
 
       Maximum Payout/Notional
Amount of Purchased Credit Derivatives 
       
 
   Offsetting 
   
   
 $722,436 
   
   
   
 $46,313 
   
   
   
 $19,556 
   
   
   
 $ 33,266 
   
   
   
 $821,571 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 132,757 
   
   
   
 6,383 
   
   
   
 3,372 
   
   
   
 4,598 
   
   
   
 147,110 
   
 
       Fair Value of Written
Credit Derivatives 
       
 
   Asset 
   
   
 $  17,110 
   
   
   
 $     924 
   
   
   
 $     108 
   
   
   
 $      190 
   
   
   
 $  18,332 
   
 
   
   
 
   Liability 
   
   
 2,756 
   
   
   
 2,596 
   
   
   
 1,942 
   
   
   
 12,485 
   
   
   
 19,779 
   
 
   Net asset/(liability) 
   
   
 $  14,354 
   
   
   
 $ (1,672 
 )  
   
   
 $ (1,834 
 )  
   
   
 $(12,295 
 )  
   
   
 $   (1,447 
 )  
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Fair values exclude the effects of both netting of receivable balances with payable balances under enforceable
netting agreements, and netting of cash received or posted under enforceable credit support agreements, and therefore are not representative of the firm’s credit exposure.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Tenor is based on expected duration for mortgage-related credit derivatives and on remaining contractual
maturity for other credit derivatives.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The credit spread on the underlier, together with the tenor of the contract, are indicators of
payment/performance risk. The firm is less likely to pay or otherwise be required to perform where the credit spread and the tenor are lower.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Offsetting purchased credit derivatives represent the notional amount of purchased credit derivatives that
economically hedge written credit derivatives with identical underliers and are included in offsetting.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Other purchased credit derivatives represent the notional amount of all other purchased credit derivatives not
included in offsetting.  
  Impact of Credit Spreads on Derivatives  
 On an ongoing basis, the firm realizes gains or losses relating to changes in credit risk through the unwind of derivative contracts and
changes in credit mitigants.    The net gain, including hedges, attributable to the impact of changes in credit exposure and credit spreads
(counterparty and the firm’s) on derivatives was $85 million for 2016, $9 million for 2015 and $135 million for 2014.    Bifurcated Embedded
Derivatives    The table below presents the fair value and the notional amount of derivatives that have been bifurcated from their
related borrowings. These derivatives, which are recorded at fair value, primarily consist of interest rate, equity and commodity products and are included in “Unsecured short-term borrowings” and “Unsecured long-term borrowings”
with the related borrowings. See Note 8 for further information.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
 
   Fair value of assets 
   
   
 $   676 
   
    
   
 $   466 
   
 
   
   
 
   Fair value of liabilities 
   
   
 864 
   
    
   
 794 
   
 
   Net liability 
   
   
 $   188 
   
    
   
 $   328 
   
 
     
 Notional amount 
   
   
 $8,726 
   
    
   
 $7,869 
   
   Derivatives with Credit-Related Contingent Features  
 Certain of the firm’s derivatives have been transacted under bilateral agreements with counterparties who may require the firm to post
collateral or terminate the transactions based on changes in the firm’s credit ratings. The firm assesses the impact of these bilateral agreements by determining the collateral or termination payments that would occur assuming a downgrade by
all rating agencies. A downgrade by any one rating agency, depending on the agency’s relative ratings of the firm at the time of the downgrade, may have an impact which is comparable to the impact of a downgrade by all rating agencies.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 139 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The table below presents the aggregate fair value of net derivative liabilities under such
agreements (excluding application of collateral posted to reduce these liabilities), the related aggregate fair value of the assets posted as collateral and the additional collateral or termination payments that could have been called at the
reporting date by counterparties in the event of a one-notch and two-notch downgrade in the firm’s credit ratings.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
   
   
 2015 
    
 
   Net derivative liabilities under bilateral agreements 
   
   
 $32,927 
    
   
   
 $29,836 
    
 
   
   
 
   Collateral posted 
   
   
 27,840 
    
   
   
 26,075 
    
 
   
   
 
   Additional collateral or termination payments: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   One-notch downgrade 
   
   
 677 
    
   
   
 1,061 
    
 
   
   
 
   Two-notch downgrade 
   
   
 2,216 
    
   
   
 2,689 
    
   Hedge Accounting  
 The firm applies hedge accounting for (i) certain interest rate swaps used to manage the interest rate exposure of certain fixed-rate
unsecured long-term and short-term borrowings and certain fixed-rate certificates of deposit and (ii) certain foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency-denominated debt used to manage foreign currency exposures on the firm’s
net investment in certain non-U.S. operations.    To qualify for hedge accounting, the hedging instrument must be highly effective at
reducing the risk from the exposure being hedged. Additionally, the firm must formally document the hedging relationship at inception and test the hedging relationship at least on a quarterly basis to ensure the hedging instrument continues to be
highly effective over the life of the hedging relationship.    Fair Value Hedges  
 The firm designates certain interest rate swaps as fair value hedges. These interest rate swaps hedge changes in fair value attributable to the
designated benchmark interest rate (e.g., London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) or Overnight Index Swap Rate (OIS)), effectively converting a substantial portion of fixed-rate obligations into floating-rate obligations.  
 The firm applies a statistical method that utilizes regression analysis when assessing the effectiveness of its fair value hedging
relationships in achieving offsetting changes in the fair values of the hedging instrument and the risk being hedged (i.e., interest rate risk). An interest rate swap is considered highly effective in offsetting changes in fair value attributable to
changes in the hedged risk when the regression analysis results in a coefficient of determination of 80% or greater and a slope between 80% and 125%.
 
  For qualifying fair value hedges, gains or losses on derivatives are included in “Interest
expense.” The change in fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk being hedged is reported as an adjustment to its carrying value and is subsequently amortized into interest expense over its remaining life. Gains or losses
resulting from hedge ineffectiveness are included in “Interest expense.” When a derivative is no longer designated as a hedge, any remaining difference between the carrying value and par value of the hedged item is amortized to interest
expense over the remaining life of the hedged item using the effective interest method. See Note 23 for further information about interest income and interest expense.  
 The table below presents the gains/(losses) from interest rate derivatives accounted for as hedges, the related hedged borrowings and deposits,
and the hedge ineffectiveness on these derivatives, which primarily consists of amortization of prepaid credit spreads resulting from the passage of time.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Interest rate hedges 
   
   
 $(1,480 
 )  
    
   
 $(1,613 
 )  
    
   
 $ 1,936 
    
 
   
   
 
   Hedged borrowings and deposits 
   
   
 834 
    
    
   
 898 
    
    
   
 (2,451 
 )  
 
   Hedge ineffectiveness 
   
   
 $   (646 
 )  
    
   
 $   (715 
 )  
    
   
 $   (515 
 )  
   Net Investment Hedges  
 The firm seeks to reduce the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on its net investments in certain non-U.S. operations through the
use of foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency-denominated debt. For foreign currency forward contracts designated as hedges, the effectiveness of the hedge is assessed based on the overall changes in the fair value of the forward
contracts (i.e., based on changes in forward rates). For foreign currency-denominated debt designated as a hedge, the effectiveness of the hedge is assessed based on changes in spot rates.  
 For qualifying net investment hedges, the gains or losses on the hedging instruments, to the extent effective, are included in “Currency
translation” in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 140 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The table below presents the gains/(losses) from net investment hedging.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Hedges: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency forward contract 
   
   
 $135 
    
    
   
 $695 
    
    
   
 $576 
    
 
   
   
 
   Foreign currency-denominated debt 
   
   
 (85 
 )  
    
   
 (9 
 )  
    
   
 202 
    
   The gain/(loss) related to ineffectiveness was not material for 2016, 2015 or 2014. The gain reclassified
to earnings from accumulated other comprehensive income was $167 million for 2016 and was not material for 2015 or 2014.    As of
December 2016 and December 2015, the firm had designated $1.69 billion and $2.20 billion, respectively, of foreign currency-denominated debt, included in “Unsecured long-term borrowings” and “Unsecured short-term
borrowings,” as hedges of net investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries.    Note 8.  
 Fair Value Option    Other Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities at Fair Value    In addition to all cash and derivative instruments included in “Financial instruments owned, at fair
value” and “Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value,” the firm accounts for certain of its other financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value primarily under the fair value option. The primary
reasons for electing the fair value option are to:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Reflect economic events in earnings on a timely basis;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Mitigate volatility in earnings from using different measurement attributes (e.g., transfers of financial
instruments owned accounted for as financings are recorded at fair value whereas the related secured financing would be recorded on an accrual basis absent electing the fair value option); and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Address simplification and cost-benefit considerations (e.g., accounting for hybrid financial instruments at
fair value in their entirety versus bifurcation of embedded derivatives and hedge accounting for debt hosts).
 
  Hybrid financial instruments are instruments that contain bifurcatable embedded derivatives and
do not require settlement by physical delivery of non-financial assets (e.g., physical commodities). If the firm elects to bifurcate the embedded derivative from the associated debt, the derivative is accounted for at fair value and the host
contract is accounted for at amortized cost, adjusted for the effective portion of any fair value hedges. If the firm does not elect to bifurcate, the entire hybrid financial instrument is accounted for at fair value under the fair value option.
   Other financial assets and financial liabilities accounted for at fair value under the fair value option include:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Repurchase agreements and substantially all resale agreements;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Securities borrowed and loaned within Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution;
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Substantially all other secured financings, including transfers of assets accounted for as financings rather
than sales;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Certain unsecured short-term borrowings, consisting of all commercial paper and certain hybrid financial
instruments;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Certain unsecured long-term borrowings, including certain prepaid commodity transactions and certain hybrid
financial instruments;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Certain receivables from customers and counterparties, including transfers of assets accounted for as secured
loans rather than purchases and certain margin loans;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Certain time deposits issued by the firm’s bank subsidiaries (deposits with no stated maturity are not
eligible for a fair value option election), including structured certificates of deposit, which are hybrid financial instruments; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   Certain subordinated liabilities of consolidated VIEs.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 141 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Fair Value of Other Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities by Level  
 The table below presents, by level within the fair value hierarchy, other financial assets and financial liabilities accounted for at fair
value primarily under the fair value option.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
 Level 1 
   
   
 Level 2 
   
   
   
 Level 3 
   
   
 Total 
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Securities purchased under agreements to resell 
   
 $  —   
   
   
 $ 116,077 
   
   
   
 $         — 
   
   
 $ 116,077  
 
   
 
   Securities borrowed 
   
 —   
   
   
 82,398 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 82,398  
 
   
 
   Receivables from customers and counterparties 
   
 —   
   
   
 3,211 
   
   
   
 55 
   
   
 3,266  
 
   Total 
   
 $  —   
   
   
 $ 201,686 
   
   
   
 $        55 
   
   
 $ 201,741  
 
       Liabilities 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   Deposits 
   
 $  —   
   
   
 $  (10,609 
 )  
   
   
 $  (3,173 
 )  
   
 $  (13,782) 
 
   
 
   Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
   
 —   
   
   
 (71,750 
 )  
   
   
 (66 
 )  
   
 (71,816) 
 
   
 
   Securities loaned 
   
 —   
   
   
 (2,647 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,647) 
 
   
 
   Other secured financings 
   
 —   
   
   
 (20,516 
 )  
   
   
 (557 
 )  
   
 (21,073) 
 
   
 
   Unsecured borrowings: 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Short-term 
   
 —   
   
   
 (10,896 
 )  
   
   
 (3,896 
 )  
   
 (14,792) 
 
   
 
   Long-term 
   
 —   
   
   
 (22,185 
 )  
   
   
 (7,225 
 )  
   
 (29,410) 
 
   
 
   Other liabilities and accrued expenses 
   
 —   
   
   
 (559 
 )  
   
   
 (62 
 )  
   
 (621) 
 
   Total 
   
 $  —   
   
   
 $(139,162 
 )  
   
   
 $(14,979 
 )  
   
 $(154,141) 
 
       As of December 2015 

   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Securities purchased under agreements to resell 
   
 $  —   
   
   
 $ 132,853 
   
   
   
 $         — 
   
   
 $ 132,853  
 
   
 
   Securities borrowed 
   
 —   
   
   
 75,340 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 75,340  
 
   
 
   Receivables from customers and counterparties 
   
 —   
   
   
 4,947 
   
   
   
 45 
   
   
 4,992  
 
   Total 
   
 $  —   
   
   
 $ 213,140 
   
   
   
 $         45 
   
   
 $ 213,185  
 
       Liabilities 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   Deposits 
   
 $  —   
   
   
 $  (12,465 
 )  
   
   
 $  (2,215 
 )  
   
 $  (14,680) 
 
   
 
   Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
   
 —   
   
   
 (85,998 
 )  
   
   
 (71 
 )  
   
 (86,069) 
 
   
 
   Securities loaned 
   
 —   
   
   
 (466 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (466) 
 
   
 
   Other secured financings 
   
 —   
   
   
 (22,658 
 )  
   
   
 (549 
 )  
   
 (23,207) 
 
   
 
   Unsecured borrowings: 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Short-term 
   
 —   
   
   
 (13,610 
 )  
   
   
 (4,133 
 )  
   
 (17,743) 
 
   
 
   Long-term 
   
 —   
   
   
   (18,049 
 )  
   
   
 (4,224 
 )  
   
 (22,273) 
 
   
 
   Other liabilities and accrued expenses 
   
 —   
   
   
 (1,201 
 )  
   
   
 (52 
 )  
   
 (1,253) 
 
   Total 
   
 $  —   
   
   
 $(154,447 
 )  
   
   
 $(11,244 
 )  
   
 $(165,691) 
   In the table above, other financial assets are shown as positive amounts and other financial liabilities are
shown as negative amounts.  
  Valuation Techniques and Significant Inputs  
 Other financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value are generally valued based on discounted cash flow techniques, which incorporate
inputs with reasonable levels of price transparency, and are generally classified as level 2 because the inputs are observable. Valuation adjustments may be made for liquidity and for counterparty and the firm’s credit quality.  
 See below for information about the significant inputs used to value other financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value, including
the ranges of significant unobservable inputs used to value the level 3 instruments within these categories. These ranges represent the significant unobservable inputs that were used in the valuation of each type of other financial assets and
financial liabilities at fair value. The ranges and weighted averages of these inputs are not representative of the appropriate inputs to use when calculating the fair value of any one instrument. For example, the highest yield presented below for
other secured financings is appropriate for valuing a specific agreement in that category but may not be appropriate for valuing any other agreements in that category. Accordingly, the ranges of inputs presented below do not represent uncertainty
in, or possible ranges of, fair value measurements of the firm’s level 3 other financial assets and financial liabilities.    Resale and Repurchase Agreements and Securities Borrowed and Loaned.  The significant inputs to the valuation of resale and repurchase agreements and securities
borrowed and loaned are funding spreads, the amount and timing of expected future cash flows and interest rates. As of both December 2016 and December 2015, the firm had no level 3 resale agreements, securities borrowed or securities
loaned. As of both December 2016 and December 2015, the firm’s level 3 repurchase agreements were not material. See Note 10 for further information about collateralized agreements and financings.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 142 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Other Secured Financings.  The significant inputs to the valuation of other secured financings at fair value are the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, interest rates, funding spreads, the fair value of the collateral
delivered by the firm (which is determined using the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, market prices, market yields and recovery assumptions) and the frequency of additional collateral calls. The ranges of significant unobservable
inputs used to value level 3 other secured financings are as follows:    As of December 2016:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Yield: 0.4% to 16.6% (weighted average: 3.5%)  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Duration: 0.1 to 5.7 years (weighted average: 2.3 years)  
 As of December 2015:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Yield: 0.6% to 10.0% (weighted average: 2.7%)  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Duration: 1.6 to 8.8 years (weighted average: 2.8 years)  
 Generally, increases in funding spreads, yield or duration, in isolation, would result in a lower fair value measurement. Due to the
distinctive nature of each of the firm’s level 3 other secured financings, the interrelationship of inputs is not necessarily uniform across such financings. See Note 10 for further information about collateralized agreements and
financings.    Unsecured Short-term and Long-term Borrowings.  The significant inputs to the valuation of unsecured short-term and long-term borrowings at fair value are the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, interest rates, the credit spreads of the firm, as
well as commodity prices in the case of prepaid commodity transactions. The inputs used to value the embedded derivative component of hybrid financial instruments are consistent with the inputs used to value the firm’s other derivative
instruments. See Note 7 for further information about derivatives. See Notes 15 and 16 for further information about unsecured short-term and long-term borrowings, respectively.  
 Certain of the firm’s unsecured short-term and long-term borrowings are included in level 3, substantially all of which are hybrid
financial instruments. As the significant unobservable inputs used to value hybrid financial instruments primarily relate to the embedded derivative component of these borrowings, these inputs are incorporated in the firm’s derivative
disclosures related to unobservable inputs in Note 7.
 
  Receivables from Customers and Counterparties.  Receivables from customers and counterparties at fair value are primarily comprised of transfers of assets accounted for as secured loans rather than purchases. The significant inputs to the valuation of such
receivables are commodity prices, interest rates, the amount and timing of expected future cash flows and funding spreads. As of both December 2016 and December 2015, the firm’s level 3 receivables from customers and
counterparties were not material.    Deposits. 
The significant inputs to the valuation of time deposits are interest rates and the amount and timing of future cash flows. The inputs used to value the embedded derivative component of hybrid financial instruments are consistent with the inputs
used to value the firm’s other derivative instruments. See Note 7 for further information about derivatives. See Note 14 for further information about deposits.  
 The firm’s deposits that are included in level 3 are hybrid financial instruments. As the significant unobservable inputs used to
value hybrid financial instruments primarily relate to the embedded derivative component of these deposits, these inputs are incorporated in the firm’s derivative disclosures related to unobservable inputs in Note 7.  
 Transfers Between Levels of the Fair Value Hierarchy  
 Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are reported at the beginning of the reporting period in which they occur. There were no
transfers of other financial assets and financial liabilities between level 1 and level 2 during 2016 or 2015. See “Level 3 Rollforward” below for information about transfers between level 2 and level 3.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 143 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  Level 3 Rollforward
 
  The table below presents a summary of the changes in fair value for other level 3 financial
assets and financial liabilities accounted for at fair value. In the table below:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Changes in fair value are presented for all other financial assets and liabilities that are categorized as
level 3 as of the end of the period.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) relate to instruments that were still held at period-end.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   If a financial asset or financial liability was transferred to level 3 during a reporting period, its
entire gain or loss for the period is included in level 3. For level 3 other financial assets, increases are shown as positive amounts, while decreases are shown as negative amounts. For level 3 other financial liabilities, increases
are shown as negative amounts, while decreases are shown as positive amounts.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Level 3 other financial assets and liabilities are frequently economically hedged with cash instruments
and derivatives. Accordingly, gains or losses that are reported in level 3 can be partially offset by gains or losses attributable to level 1, 2 or 3 cash instruments or derivatives. As a result, gains or losses included in the
level 3 rollforward below do not necessarily represent the overall impact on the firm’s results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Total other financial assets 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $         45 
    
    
   
 $         56 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 6 
    
    
   
 2 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 1 
    
    
   
 2 
    
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 10 
    
    
   
 8 
    
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (7 
 )  
    
   
 (22 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $         55 
    
    
   
 $         45 
    
 
       Total other financial
liabilities 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $(11,244 
 )  
    
   
 $  (9,292 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (99 
 )  
    
   
 75 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (7 
 )  
    
   
 783 
    
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 (8 
 )  
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Issuances 
   
   
 (10,236 
 )  
    
   
 (8,024 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 5,983 
    
    
   
 3,604 
    
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 (759 
 )  
    
   
 (1,213 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 1,391 
    
    
   
 2,824 
    
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $(14,979 
 )  
    
   
 $(11,244 
 )  
   
  The table below disaggregates, by the consolidated statements of financial condition line items,
the information for other financial liabilities included in the summary table above.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Deposits 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $(2,215 
 )  
    
   
 $(1,065 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (22 
 )  
    
   
 (9 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (89 
 )  
    
   
 56 
    
 
   
   
 
   Issuances 
   
   
 (993 
 )  
    
   
 (1,252 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 146 
    
    
   
 55 
    
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $(3,173 
 )  
    
   
 $(2,215 
 )  
 
     Securities sold under agreements
to repurchase 
        
 
   
   
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $     (71 
 )  
    
   
 $   (124 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (6 
 )  
    
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 11 
    
    
   
 55 
    
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $     (66 
 )  
    
   
 $     (71 
 )  
 
       Other secured financings 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $   (549 
 )  
    
   
 $(1,091 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (8 
 )  
    
   
 (10 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (3 
 )  
    
   
 34 
    
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 (5 
 )  
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Issuances 
   
   
 (150 
 )  
    
   
 (504 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 273 
    
    
   
 363 
    
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 (117 
 )  
    
   
 (85 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 2 
    
    
   
 745 
    
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $   (557 
 )  
    
   
 $   (549 
 )  
 
       Unsecured short-term
borrowings 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $(4,133 
 )  
    
   
 $(3,712 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (57 
 )  
    
   
 96 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (115 
 )  
    
   
 355 
    
 
   
   
 
   Issuances 
   
   
 (3,837 
 )  
    
   
 (3,377 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 3,492 
    
    
   
 2,275 
    
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 (370 
 )  
    
   
 (641 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 1,124 
    
    
   
 871 
    
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $(3,896 
 )  
    
   
 $(4,133 
 )  
 
       Unsecured long-term
borrowings 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $(4,224 
 )  
    
   
 $(2,585 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 (27 
 )  
    
   
 (7 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 190 
    
    
   
 352 
    
 
   
   
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 (3 
 )  
    
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Issuances 
   
   
 (5,201 
 )  
    
   
 (2,888 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 2,047 
    
    
   
 846 
    
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 (272 
 )  
    
   
 (464 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 265 
    
    
   
 522 
    
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $(7,225 
 )  
    
   
 $(4,224 
 )  
 
       Other liabilities and accrued
expenses 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $     (52 
 )  
    
   
 $   (715 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Net realized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 15 
    
    
   
 5 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net unrealized gains/(losses) 
   
   
 16 
    
    
   
 (12 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Issuances 
   
   
 (55 
 )  
    
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 14 
    
    
   
 10 
    
 
   
   
 
   Transfers into level 3 
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (23 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Transfers out of level 3 
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 686 
    
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $     (62 
 )  
    
   
 $     (52 
 )  
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 144 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  Level 3 Rollforward Commentary
 
  Year Ended December 2016.  The net realized and unrealized losses on level 3 other financial liabilities of $106 million (reflecting $99 million of net realized losses and $7 million of net unrealized losses) for 2016
include losses of approximately $21 million and $10 million reported in “Market making” and “Interest expense,” respectively, in the consolidated statements of earnings and losses of $75 million reported in
“Debt valuation adjustment” in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.    The net unrealized loss on
level 3 other financial liabilities of $7 million for 2016 primarily reflected losses on certain hybrid financial instruments included in unsecured short-term borrowings, principally due to an increase in global equity prices, and losses
on certain hybrid financial instruments included in deposits, principally due to the impact of an increase in the market value of the underlying assets, partially offset by gains on certain hybrid financial instruments included in unsecured
long-term borrowings, principally due to changes in foreign exchange rates.    Transfers into level 3 of other financial liabilities
during 2016 primarily reflected transfers of certain hybrid financial instruments included in unsecured short-term and long-term borrowings from level 2, principally due to reduced transparency of certain inputs, including correlation and
volatility inputs used to value these instruments.    Transfers out of level 3 of other financial liabilities during 2016 primarily
reflected transfers of certain hybrid financial instruments included in unsecured short-term and long-term borrowings to level 2, principally due to increased transparency of correlation and volatility inputs used to value these instruments.
 
  Year Ended December 2015.  The net realized and unrealized gains on level 3 other financial liabilities of $858 million (reflecting $75 million of net realized gains and $783 million of net unrealized gains) for 2015
include gains/(losses) of approximately $841 million, $28 million and $(11) million reported in “Market making,” “Other principal transactions” and “Interest expense,” respectively.  
 The net unrealized gain on level 3 other financial liabilities of $783 million for 2015 primarily reflected gains on certain hybrid
financial instruments included in unsecured short-term and long-term borrowings, principally due to a decrease in global equity prices, the impact of wider credit spreads, and changes in interest and foreign exchange rates.  
 Transfers into level 3 of other financial liabilities during 2015 primarily reflected transfers of certain hybrid financial instruments
included in unsecured short-term and long-term borrowings from level 2, principally due to reduced transparency of certain correlation and volatility inputs used to value these instruments, and transfers from level 3 unsecured long-term
borrowings to level 3 unsecured short-term borrowings, as these borrowings neared maturity.    Transfers out of level 3 of other
financial liabilities during 2015 primarily reflected transfers of certain hybrid financial instruments included in unsecured short-term and long-term borrowings and certain other secured financings to level 2, principally due to increased
transparency of certain correlation, volatility and funding spread inputs used to value these instruments, transfers to level 3 unsecured short-term borrowings from level 3 unsecured long-term borrowings, as these borrowings neared
maturity, and transfers of certain subordinated liabilities included in other liabilities and accrued expenses to level 2, principally due to increased price transparency as a result of market transactions in the related underlying investments.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 145 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Gains and Losses on Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities Accounted for at Fair Value Under the
Fair Value Option    The table below presents the gains and losses recognized in earnings as a result of the firm electing to apply the
fair value option to certain financial assets and financial liabilities. These gains and losses are included in “Market making” and “Other principal transactions.” The table below also includes gains and losses on the embedded
derivative component of hybrid financial instruments included in unsecured short-term borrowings, unsecured long-term borrowings and deposits. These gains and losses would have been recognized under other U.S. GAAP even if the firm had not elected
to account for the entire hybrid financial instrument at fair value.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Unsecured short-term borrowings 
   
   
 $(1,028 
 )  
    
   
 $ 346 
    
    
   
 $(1,180 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Unsecured long-term borrowings 
   
   
 584 
    
    
   
 771 
    
    
   
 (592 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Other liabilities and accrued expenses 
   
   
 (55 
 )  
    
   
 (684 
 )  
    
   
 (441 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 (630 
 )  
    
   
 (217 
 )  
    
   
 (366 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
   
 $(1,129 
 )  
    
   
 $ 216 
    
    
   
 $(2,579 
 )  
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Gains/(losses) exclude contractual interest, which is included in “Interest income” and
“Interest expense,” for all instruments other than hybrid financial instruments. See Note 23 for further information about interest income and interest expense.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Unsecured short-term borrowings includes gains/(losses) on the embedded derivative component of hybrid
financial instruments of $(1.05) billion for 2016, $339 million for 2015 and $(1.22) billion for 2014, respectively.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Unsecured long-term borrowings includes gains/(losses) on the embedded derivative component of hybrid
financial instruments of $737 million for 2016, $653 million for 2015 and $(697) million for 2014, respectively.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Other liabilities and accrued expenses includes gains/(losses) on certain subordinated liabilities of
consolidated VIEs.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Other primarily consists of gains/(losses) on receivables from customers and counterparties, deposits and
other secured financings.  
  Excluding the gains and losses on the instruments accounted for under the fair value option
described above, “Market making” and “Other principal transactions” primarily represent gains and losses on “Financial instruments owned, at fair value” and “Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at
fair value.”    Loans and Lending Commitments  
 The table below presents the difference between the aggregate fair value and the aggregate contractual principal amount for loans and long-term
receivables for which the fair value option was elected. In the table below, the aggregate contractual principal amount of loans on non-accrual status and/or more than 90 days past due (which excludes loans carried at zero fair value and
considered uncollectible) exceeds the related fair value primarily because the firm regularly purchases loans, such as distressed loans, at values significantly below the contractual principal amounts.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
   
   
 2015 
    
 
   Performing loans and long-term receivables 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Aggregate contractual principal in excess of fair value 
   
   
 $   478 
    
   
   
 $1,330 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans on nonaccrual status and/or more than 90 days past due 
      
 
   Aggregate contractual principal in excess of fair value 
   
   
 8,101 
    
   
   
 9,600 
    
 
   
   
 
   Aggregate fair value of loans on nonaccrual status and/or more than
90 days past due 
   
   
 2,138 
    
   
   
 2,391 
    
   As of December 2016 and December 2015, the fair value of unfunded lending commitments for which the
fair value option was elected was a liability of $80 million and $211 million, respectively, and the related total contractual amount of these lending commitments was $7.19 billion and $14.01 billion, respectively. See
Note 18 for further information about lending commitments.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 146 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Long-Term Debt Instruments  
 The aggregate contractual principal amount of long-term other secured financings for which the fair value option was elected exceeded the
related fair value by $361 million and $362 million as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively. The aggregate contractual principal amount of unsecured long-term borrowings for which the fair value option was elected
exceeded the related fair value by $1.56 billion and $1.12 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively. The amounts above include both principal- and non-principal-protected long-term borrowings.  
 Impact of Credit Spreads on Loans and Lending Commitments  
 The estimated net gain attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit spreads on loans and lending commitments for which the fair value
option was elected was $281 million for 2016, $751 million for 2015 and $1.83 billion for 2014, respectively. The firm generally calculates the fair value of loans and lending commitments for which the fair value option is elected by
discounting future cash flows at a rate which incorporates the instrument-specific credit spreads. For floating-rate loans and lending commitments, substantially all changes in fair value are attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit
spreads, whereas for fixed-rate loans and lending commitments, changes in fair value are also attributable to changes in interest rates.    Debt Valuation
Adjustment    The firm calculates the fair value of financial liabilities for which the fair value option is elected by discounting
future cash flows at a rate which incorporates the firm’s credit spreads. The net DVA on such financial liabilities was a loss of $844 million ($544 million, net of tax) for 2016 and was included in “Debt valuation
adjustment” in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The gains/(losses) reclassified to earnings from accumulated other comprehensive loss upon extinguishment of such financial liabilities were not material for 2016.
 
  Note 9.  
 Loans Receivable    Loans receivable is comprised of
loans held for investment that are accounted for at amortized cost net of allowance for loan losses. Interest on loans receivable is recognized over the life of the loan and is recorded on an accrual basis.  
 The table below presents details about loans receivable.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Corporate loans 
   
   
 $24,837 
    
    
   
 $20,740 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans to private wealth management clients 
   
   
 13,828 
    
    
   
 13,961 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans backed by commercial real estate 
   
   
 4,761 
    
    
   
 5,271 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans backed by residential real estate 
   
   
 3,865 
    
    
   
 2,316 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other loans 
   
   
 2,890 
    
    
   
 3,533 
    
 
   Total loans receivable, gross 
   
   
 50,181 
    
    
   
 45,821 
    
 
   
   
 
   Allowance for loan losses 
   
   
 (509 
 )  
    
   
 (414 
 )  
 
   Total loans receivable 
   
   
 $49,672 
    
    
   
 $45,407 
    
   As of December 2016 and December 2015, the fair value of loans receivable was $49.80 billion and
$45.19 billion, respectively. As of December 2016, had these loans been carried at fair value and included in the fair value hierarchy, $28.40 billion and $21.40 billion would have been classified in level 2 and
level 3, respectively. As of December 2015, had these loans been carried at fair value and included in the fair value hierarchy, $23.91 billion and $21.28 billion would have been classified in level 2 and level 3,
respectively.    The firm also extends lending commitments that are held for investment and accounted for on an accrual basis. As of
December 2016 and December 2015, such lending commitments were $98.05 billion and $93.92 billion, respectively. Substantially all of these commitments were extended to corporate borrowers and were primarily related to the
firm’s relationship lending activities. The carrying value and the estimated fair value of such lending commitments were liabilities of $327 million and $2.55 billion, respectively, as of December 2016, and $291 million and
$3.32 billion, respectively, as of December 2015. As of December 2016, had these lending commitments been carried at fair value and included in the fair value hierarchy, $1.10 billion and $1.45 billion would have been
classified in level 2 and level 3, respectively. As of December 2015, had these lending commitments been carried at fair value and included in the fair value hierarchy, $1.35 billion and $1.97 billion would have been
classified in level 2 and level 3, respectively.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 147 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The following is a description of the captions in the table above:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Corporate Loans.  Corporate loans include term loans, revolving
lines of credit, letter of credit facilities and bridge loans, and are principally used for operating liquidity and general corporate purposes, or in connection with acquisitions. Corporate loans may be secured or unsecured, depending on the loan
purpose, the risk profile of the borrower and other factors. Loans receivable related to the firm’s relationship lending activities are reported within corporate loans.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Loans to Private Wealth Management Clients.  Loans to the
firm’s private wealth management clients include loans used by clients to finance private asset purchases, employ leverage for strategic investments in real or financial assets, bridge cash flow timing gaps or provide liquidity for other needs.
Such loans are primarily secured by securities or other assets.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Loans Backed by Commercial Real Estate.  Loans backed by
commercial real estate include loans extended by the firm that are directly or indirectly secured by hotels, retail stores, multifamily housing complexes and commercial and industrial properties. Loans backed by commercial real estate also include
loans purchased by the firm.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Loans Backed by Residential Real Estate.  Loans backed by
residential real estate include loans extended by the firm to clients who warehouse assets that are directly or indirectly secured by residential real estate. Loans backed by residential real estate also include loans purchased by the firm.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Other Loans.  Other loans primarily include loans extended to
clients who warehouse assets that are directly or indirectly secured by consumer loans, including auto loans, and private student loans and other assets. Other loans also includes unsecured loans to individuals made through the firm’s online
platform.  
  Loans receivable includes Purchased Credit Impaired (PCI) loans. PCI loans represent acquired
loans or pools of loans with evidence of credit deterioration subsequent to their origination and where it is probable, at acquisition, that the firm will not be able to collect all contractually required payments. Loans acquired within the same
reporting period, which have at least two common risk characteristics, one of which relates to their credit risk, are eligible to be pooled together and considered a single unit of account. PCI loans are initially recorded at acquisition price and
the difference between the acquisition price and the expected cash flows (accretable yield) is recognized as interest income over the life of such loans or pools of loans on an effective yield method. Expected cash flows on PCI loans are determined
using various inputs and assumptions, including default rates, loss severities, recoveries, amount and timing of prepayments and other macroeconomic indicators.  
 As of December 2016, the gross carrying value of PCI loans was $3.97 billion (including $1.44 billion, $2.51 billion and
$18 million related to loans backed by commercial real estate, loans backed by residential real estate and other consumer loans, respectively). The outstanding principal balance and accretable yield related to such loans was $8.52 billion
and $526 million, respectively, as of December 2016. At the time of acquisition, the fair value, related expected cash flows, and the contractually required cash flows of PCI loans acquired during 2016 were $2.51 billion,
$2.82 billion and $6.39 billion, respectively. As of December 2015, the gross carrying value of PCI loans was $2.12 billion (including $1.16 billion, $941 million and $23 million related to loans backed by
commercial real estate, loans backed by residential real estate and other consumer loans, respectively). The outstanding principal balance and accretable yield related to such loans was $5.54 billion and $234 million, respectively, as of
December 2015. At the time of acquisition, the fair value, related expected cash flows, and the contractually required cash flows of PCI loans acquired during 2015 were $2.27 billion, $2.50 billion and $6.47 billion,
respectively.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 148 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  Credit Quality
 
  The firm’s risk assessment process includes evaluating the credit quality of its loans
receivable. For loans receivable (excluding PCI loans), the firm performs credit reviews which include initial and ongoing analyses of its borrowers. A credit review is an independent analysis of the capacity and willingness of a borrower to meet
its financial obligations, resulting in an internal credit rating. The determination of internal credit ratings also incorporates assumptions with respect to the nature of and outlook for the borrower’s industry, and the economic environment.
The firm also assigns a regulatory risk rating to such loans based on the definitions provided by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies.  
 The table below presents gross loans receivable (excluding PCI loans of $3.97 billion and $2.12 billion as of December 2016 and
December 2015, respectively, which are not assigned a credit rating equivalent) and related lending commitments by the firm’s internally determined public rating agency equivalent and by regulatory risk rating. Non-criticized/pass loans
and lending commitments represent loans and lending commitments that are performing and/or do not demonstrate adverse characteristics that are likely to result in a credit loss.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Loans 
    
    
       
 Lending   Commitments 
         
    
   
 Total 
    
 
   Credit Rating Equivalent 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investment-grade 
   
   
 $18,434 
    
    
   
 $72,323 
    
    
   
 $  90,757 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-investment-grade 
   
   
 27,777 
    
    
   
 25,722 
    
    
   
 53,499 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $46,211 
    
    
   
 $98,045 
    
    
   
 $144,256 
    
 
       As of December 2015 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investment-grade 
   
   
 $19,459 
    
    
   
 $64,898 
    
    
   
 $  84,357 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-investment-grade 
   
   
 24,241 
    
    
   
 29,021 
    
    
   
 53,262 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $43,700 
    
    
   
 $93,919 
    
    
   
 $137,619 
    
 
       Regulatory Risk Rating 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Non-criticized/pass 
   
   
 $43,146 
    
    
   
 $94,966 
    
    
   
 $138,112 
    
 
   
   
 
   Criticized 
   
   
 3,065 
    
    
   
 3,079 
    
    
   
 6,144 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $46,211 
    
    
   
 $98,045 
    
    
   
 $144,256 
    
 
       As of December 2015 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Non-criticized/pass 
   
   
 $40,967 
    
    
   
 $92,021 
    
    
   
 $132,988 
    
 
   
   
 
   Criticized 
   
   
 2,733 
    
    
   
 1,898 
    
    
   
 4,631 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $43,700 
    
    
   
 $93,919 
    
    
   
 $137,619 
    
   
  The firm enters into economic hedges to mitigate credit risk on certain loans receivable and
commercial lending commitments (both of which are held for investment) related to the firm’s relationship lending activities. Such hedges are accounted for at fair value. See Note 18 for further information about commercial lending
commitments and associated hedges.    Loans receivable (excluding PCI loans) are determined to be impaired when it is probable that the firm
will not be able to collect all principal and interest due under the contractual terms of the loan. At that time, loans are generally placed on non-accrual status and all accrued but uncollected interest is reversed against interest income, and
interest subsequently collected is recognized on a cash basis to the extent the loan balance is deemed collectible. Otherwise, all cash received is used to reduce the outstanding loan balance. In certain circumstances, the firm may also modify the
original terms of a loan agreement by granting a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty. Such modifications are considered troubled debt restructurings and typically include interest rate reductions, payment extensions, and
modification of loan covenants. Loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring are considered impaired and are subject to specific loan-level reserves. 
 As of December 2016 and December 2015, the gross carrying value of impaired loans receivable (excluding PCI loans) on non-accrual
status were $404 million and $223 million, respectively. As of December 2016, such loans included $142 million of corporate loans that were modified in a troubled debt restructuring, and the firm had $144 million in lending
commitments related to these loans. There were no such loans as of December 2015.    For PCI loans, the firm’s risk assessment
process includes reviewing certain key metrics, such as delinquency status, collateral values, credit scores and other risk factors. When it is determined that the firm cannot reasonably estimate expected cash flows on the PCI loans or pools of
loans, such loans are placed on non-accrual status.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 149 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Allowance for Losses on Loans and Lending Commitments 
   
 
    
 
   
  The firm’s allowance for loan losses is comprised of specific loan-level reserves,
portfolio level reserves, and reserves on PCI loans as described below:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Specific loan-level reserves are determined on loans (excluding PCI loans) that exhibit credit quality
weakness and are therefore individually evaluated for impairment.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Portfolio level reserves are determined on loans (excluding PCI loans) not deemed impaired by aggregating
groups of loans with similar risk characteristics and estimating the probable loss inherent in the portfolio.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Reserves on PCI loans are recorded when it is determined that the expected cash flows, which are reassessed on
a quarterly basis, will be lower than those used to establish the current effective yield for such loans or pools of loans. If the expected cash flows are determined to be significantly higher than those used to establish the current effective
yield, such increases are initially recognized as a reduction to any previously recorded allowances for loan losses and any remaining increases are recognized as interest income prospectively over the life of the loan or pools of loans as an
increase to the effective yield.    The allowance for loan losses is determined using various inputs, including industry
default and loss data, current macroeconomic indicators, borrower’s capacity to meet its financial obligations, borrower’s country of risk, loan seniority and collateral type. Management’s estimate of loan losses entails judgment
about loan collectability at the reporting dates, and there are uncertainties inherent in those judgments. While management uses the best information available to determine this estimate, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary based
on, among other things, changes in the economic environment or variances between actual results and the original assumptions used. Loans are charged off against the allowance for loan losses when deemed to be uncollectible. As of December 2016
and December 2015, substantially all of the firm’s loans receivable were evaluated for impairment at the portfolio level.
 
  The firm also records an allowance for losses on lending commitments that are held for
investment and accounted for on an accrual basis. Such allowance is determined using the same methodology as the allowance for loan losses, while also taking into consideration the probability of drawdowns or funding, and is included in “Other
liabilities and accrued expenses.” As of December 2016 and December 2015, substantially all of such lending commitments were evaluated for impairment at the portfolio level.  
 The table below presents changes in the allowance for loan losses and the allowance for losses on lending commitments.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
      
   
 2015 
    
 
   Allowance for loan losses 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $414 
    
      
   
 $228 
    
 
   
   
 
   Charge-offs 
   
   
 (8 
 )  
      
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Provision 
   
   
 138 
    
      
   
 187 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 (35 
 )  
      
   
 — 
    
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $509 
    
      
   
 $414 
    
 
       Allowance for losses on lending
commitments 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $188 
    
      
   
 $  86 
    
 
   
   
 
   Provision 
   
   
 44 
    
      
   
 102 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 (20 
 )  
      
   
 — 
    
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $212 
    
      
   
 $188 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The provision for losses on loans and lending commitments is included in “Other principal
transactions.” Substantially all of this provision was related to corporate loans and corporate lending commitments.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Other represents the reduction to the allowance related to loans and lending commitments transferred to held
for sale.      
 
 
 • 
   
   As of December 2016 and December 2015, substantially all of the allowance for loan losses and
allowance for losses on lending commitments were related to corporate loans and corporate lending commitments and were primarily determined at the portfolio level.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The firm’s allowance for losses on PCI loans as of December 2016 was not material. There was no
allowance for losses on PCI loans as of December 2015.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 150 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  Note 10.  
 Collateralized Agreements and Financings  
   
  Collateralized agreements are securities purchased under agreements to resell (resale
agreements) and securities borrowed. Collateralized financings are securities sold under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements), securities loaned and other secured financings. The firm enters into these transactions in order to, among
other things, facilitate client activities, invest excess cash, acquire securities to cover short positions and finance certain firm activities.  
 Collateralized agreements and financings are presented on a net-by-counterparty basis when a legal right of setoff exists. Interest on
collateralized agreements and collateralized financings is recognized over the life of the transaction and included in “Interest income” and “Interest expense,” respectively. See Note 23 for further information about
interest income and interest expense.    The table below presents the carrying value of resale and repurchase agreements and securities
borrowed and loaned transactions.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
   
   
 2015 
    
 
   Securities purchased under agreements to resell 
   
   
 $116,925 
    
   
   
 $134,308 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities borrowed 
   
   
 184,600 
    
   
   
 177,638 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
   
   
 71,816 
    
   
   
 86,069 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities loaned 
   
   
 7,524 
    
   
   
 3,614 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Substantially all resale agreements and all repurchase agreements are carried at fair value under the fair
value option. See Note 8 for further information about the valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine fair value.      
 
 
 • 
   
   As of December 2016 and December 2015, $82.40 billion and $75.34 billion of securities
borrowed, and $2.65 billion and $466 million of securities loaned were at fair value, respectively.
 
  Resale and Repurchase Agreements  
 A resale agreement is a transaction in which the firm purchases financial instruments from a seller, typically in exchange for cash, and
simultaneously enters into an agreement to resell the same or substantially the same financial instruments to the seller at a stated price plus accrued interest at a future date.  
 A repurchase agreement is a transaction in which the firm sells financial instruments to a buyer, typically in exchange for cash, and
simultaneously enters into an agreement to repurchase the same or substantially the same financial instruments from the buyer at a stated price plus accrued interest at a future date.  
 Even though repurchase and resale agreements (including “repos- and reverses-to-maturity”) involve the legal transfer of ownership of
financial instruments, they are accounted for as financing arrangements because they require the financial instruments to be repurchased or resold before or at the maturity of the agreement. The financial instruments purchased or sold in resale and
repurchase agreements typically include U.S. government and federal agency, and investment-grade sovereign obligations.    The firm receives
financial instruments purchased under resale agreements and makes delivery of financial instruments sold under repurchase agreements. To mitigate credit exposure, the firm monitors the market value of these financial instruments on a daily basis,
and delivers or obtains additional collateral due to changes in the market value of the financial instruments, as appropriate. For resale agreements, the firm typically requires collateral with a fair value approximately equal to the carrying value
of the relevant assets in the consolidated statements of financial condition.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 151 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Securities Borrowed and Loaned Transactions  
 In a securities borrowed transaction, the firm borrows securities from a counterparty in exchange for cash or securities. When the firm returns
the securities, the counterparty returns the cash or securities. Interest is generally paid periodically over the life of the transaction.  
 In a securities loaned transaction, the firm lends securities to a counterparty in exchange for cash or securities. When the counterparty
returns the securities, the firm returns the cash or securities posted as collateral. Interest is generally paid periodically over the life of the transaction.  
 The firm receives securities borrowed and makes delivery of securities loaned. To mitigate credit exposure, the firm monitors the market value
of these securities on a daily basis, and delivers or obtains additional collateral due to changes in the market value of the securities, as appropriate. For securities borrowed transactions, the firm typically requires collateral with a fair value
approximately equal to the carrying value of the securities borrowed transaction.    Securities borrowed and loaned within Fixed Income,
Currency and Commodities Client Execution are recorded at fair value under the fair value option. See Note 8 for further information about securities borrowed and loaned accounted for at fair value.  
 Securities borrowed and loaned within Securities Services are recorded based on the amount of cash collateral advanced or received plus accrued
interest. As these arrangements generally can be terminated on demand, they exhibit little, if any, sensitivity to changes in interest rates. Therefore, the carrying value of such arrangements approximates fair value. While these arrangements are
carried at amounts that approximate fair value, they are not accounted for at fair value under the fair value option or at fair value in accordance with other U.S. GAAP and therefore are not included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy in
Notes 6 through 8. Had these arrangements been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, they would have been classified in level 2 as of December 2016 and December 2015.
 
  Offsetting Arrangements  
 The table below presents the gross and net resale and repurchase agreements and securities borrowed and loaned transactions, and the related
amount of counterparty netting included in the consolidated statements of financial condition. The table below also presents the amounts not offset in the consolidated statements of financial condition, including counterparty netting that does not
meet the criteria for netting under U.S. GAAP and the fair value of cash or securities collateral received or posted subject to enforceable credit support agreements.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
 Liabilities 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
     
 Resale agreements 
       
   
     
 Securities borrowed 
       
   
   
   
   
   
     
 Repurchase agreements 
       
   
     
 Securities loaned 
       
 
   As of December 2016 
      
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Included in the consolidated statements of financial condition 
      
 
   Gross carrying value 
   
   
 $ 173,561 
    
   
   
 $ 189,571 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 $128,452 
    
   
   
 $12,495 
    
 
   
   
 
   Counterparty netting 
   
   
 (56,636 
 )  
   
   
 (4,971 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (56,636 
 )  
   
   
 (4,971 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
   
 116,925 
    
   
   
 184,600 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
 71,816 
    
   
   
 7,524 
    
 
   Amounts not offset 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Counterparty netting 
   
   
 (8,319 
 )  
   
   
 (4,045 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (8,319 
 )  
   
   
 (4,045 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Collateral 
   
   
 (107,148 
 )  
   
   
 (170,625 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (62,081 
 )  
   
   
 (3,087 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
   
 $     1,458 
    
   
   
 $     9,930 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $    1,416 
    
   
   
 $     392 
    
 
       As of
December 2015 
        
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Included in the consolidated statements of financial condition 
      
 
   Gross carrying value 
   
   
 $ 163,199 
    
   
   
 $ 180,203 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 $114,960 
    
   
   
 $  6,179 
    
 
   
   
 
   Counterparty netting 
   
   
 (28,891 
 )  
   
   
 (2,565 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (28,891 
 )  
   
   
 (2,565 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
   
 134,308 
    
   
   
 177,638 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
 86,069 
    
   
   
 3,614 
    
 
   Amounts not offset 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Counterparty netting 
   
   
 (4,979 
 )  
   
   
 (1,732 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (4,979 
 )  
   
   
 (1,732 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Collateral 
   
   
 (125,561 
 )  
   
   
 (167,061 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (78,958 
 )  
   
   
 (1,721 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
   
 $     3,768 
    
   
   
 $     8,845 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $    2,132 
    
   
   
 $     161 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Substantially all of the gross carrying values of these arrangements are subject to enforceable netting
agreements.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Where the firm has received or posted collateral under credit support agreements, but has not yet determined
such agreements are enforceable, the related collateral has not been netted.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 152 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Gross Carrying Value of Repurchase Agreements and Securities Loaned  
 The table below presents the gross carrying value of repurchase agreements and securities loaned by class of collateral pledged.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
     
 Repurchase agreements 
       
   
     
 Securities loaned 
       
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Money market instruments 
   
   
 $       317 
    
   
   
 $       — 
    
 
   
   
 
   U.S. government and federal agency obligations 
   
   
 47,207 
    
   
   
 115 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. government and agency obligations 
   
   
 56,156 
    
   
   
 1,846 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities backed by commercial real estate 
   
   
 208 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities backed by residential real estate 
   
   
 122 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Corporate debt securities 
   
   
 8,297 
    
   
   
 39 
    
 
   
   
 
   State and municipal obligations 
   
   
 831 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other debt obligations 
   
   
 286 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Equities and convertible debentures 
   
   
 15,028 
    
   
   
 10,495 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $128,452 
    
   
   
 $12,495 
    
 
       As of December 2015 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Money market instruments 
   
   
 $       806 
    
   
   
 $       — 
    
 
   
   
 
   U.S. government and federal agency obligations 
   
   
 54,856 
    
   
   
 101 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. government and agency obligations 
   
   
 31,547 
    
   
   
 2,465 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities backed by commercial real estate 
   
   
 269 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities backed by residential real estate 
   
   
 2,059 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Corporate debt securities 
   
   
 6,877 
    
   
   
 30 
    
 
   
   
 
   State and municipal obligations 
   
   
 609 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other debt obligations 
   
   
 101 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Equities and convertible debentures 
   
   
 17,836 
    
   
   
 3,583 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $114,960 
    
   
   
 $  6,179 
    
   The table below presents the gross carrying value of repurchase agreements and securities loaned by maturity
date.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 2016 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
     
 Repurchase agreements 
       
    
     
 Securities loaned 
       
 
   No stated maturity and overnight 
   
   
 $  35,939 
    
    
   
 $  4,825 
    
 
   
   
 
   2 - 30 days 
   
   
 47,339 
    
    
   
 5,034 
    
 
   
   
 
   31 - 90 days 
   
   
 16,553 
    
    
   
 500 
    
 
   
   
 
   91 days - 1 year 
   
   
 18,968 
    
    
   
 1,636 
    
 
   
   
 
   Greater than 1 year 
   
   
 9,653 
    
    
   
 500 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $128,452 
    
    
   
 $12,495 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Repurchase agreements and securities loaned that are repayable prior to maturity at the option of the firm are
reflected at their contractual maturity dates.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Repurchase agreements and securities loaned that are redeemable prior to maturity at the option of the holder
are reflected at the earliest dates such options become exercisable.
 
  Other Secured Financings  
 In addition to repurchase agreements and securities loaned transactions, the firm funds certain assets through the use of other secured
financings and pledges financial instruments and other assets as collateral in these transactions. These other secured financings consist of:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Liabilities of consolidated VIEs;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Transfers of assets accounted for as financings rather than sales (primarily collateralized central bank
financings, pledged commodities, bank loans and mortgage whole loans); and      
 
 
 • 
   
   Other structured financing arrangements.  
 Other secured financings include arrangements that are nonrecourse. As of December 2016 and December 2015, nonrecourse other secured
financings were $2.54 billion and $2.20 billion, respectively.    The firm has elected to apply the fair value option to
substantially all other secured financings because the use of fair value eliminates non-economic volatility in earnings that would arise from using different measurement attributes. See Note 8 for further information about other secured
financings that are accounted for at fair value.    Other secured financings that are not recorded at fair value are recorded based on the
amount of cash received plus accrued interest, which generally approximates fair value. While these financings are carried at amounts that approximate fair value, they are not accounted for at fair value under the fair value option or at fair value
in accordance with other U.S. GAAP and therefore are not included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy in Notes 6 through 8. Had these financings been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, they would have been primarily
classified in level 2 as of December 2016 and December 2015.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 153 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The table below presents information about other secured financings.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
     
 U.S. Dollar 
       
    
     
 Non-U.S. Dollar 
       
    
   
 Total 
    
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other secured financings (short-term): 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   At fair value 
   
   
 $  9,380 
    
    
   
 $ 3,738 
    
    
   
 $13,118 
    
 
   
   
 
   At amortized cost 
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Weighted average interest rates 
   
   
 —% 
    
    
   
 —% 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
   Other secured financings (long-term): 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   At fair value 
   
   
 5,562 
    
    
   
 2,393 
    
    
   
 7,955 
    
 
   
   
 
   At amortized cost 
   
   
 145 
    
    
   
 305 
    
    
   
 450 
    
 
   
   
 
   Weighted average interest rates 
   
   
 4.06% 
    
    
   
 2.16% 
    
    
   
   
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $15,087 
    
    
   
 $ 6,436 
    
    
   
 $21,523 
    
 
   Other secured financings collateralized by: 
      
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Financial instruments 
   
   
 $13,858 
    
    
   
 $ 5,974 
    
    
   
 $19,832 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 1,229 
    
    
   
 462 
    
    
   
 1,691 
    
 
       As of December 2015 

   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other secured financings (short-term): 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   At fair value 
   
   
 $  7,952 
    
    
   
 $ 5,448 
    
    
   
 $13,400 
    
 
   
   
 
   At amortized cost 
   
   
 514 
    
    
   
 319 
    
    
   
 833 
    
 
   
   
 
   Weighted average interest rates 
   
   
 2.93% 
    
    
   
 3.83% 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
   Other secured financings (long-term): 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   At fair value 
   
   
 6,702 
    
    
   
 3,105 
    
    
   
 9,807 
    
 
   
   
 
   At amortized cost 
   
   
 370 
    
    
   
 343 
    
    
   
 713 
    
 
   
   
 
   Weighted average interest rates 
   
   
 2.87% 
    
    
   
 1.54% 
    
    
   
   
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $15,538 
    
    
   
 $ 9,215 
    
    
   
 $24,753 
    
 
   Other secured financings collateralized by: 
      
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Financial instruments 
   
   
 $14,862 
    
    
   
 $ 8,872 
    
    
   
 $23,734 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 676 
    
    
   
 343 
    
    
   
 1,019 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Short-term secured financings include financings maturing within one year of the financial statement date and
financings that are redeemable within one year of the financial statement date at the option of the holder.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Weighted average interest rates exclude secured financings at fair value and include the effect of hedging
activities. See Note 7 for further information about hedging activities.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Total other secured financings include $285 million and $334 million related to transfers of
financial assets accounted for as financings rather than sales as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively. Such financings were collateralized by financial assets of $285 million and $336 million as of December 2016
and December 2015, respectively, primarily included in “Financial instruments owned, at fair value.”      
 
 
 • 
   
   Other secured financings collateralized by financial instruments include $13.65 billion and
$14.98 billion of other secured financings collateralized by financial instruments owned, at fair value as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively, and include $6.18 billion and $8.76 billion of other secured
financings collateralized by financial instruments received as collateral and repledged as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively.
 
  The table below presents other secured financings by maturity date.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
     
 As of December 2016 
       
 
   Other secured financings (short-term) 
   
   
 $13,118 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other secured financings (long-term): 
   
 
 
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 5,575 
    
 
   
   
 
   2019 
   
   
 702 
    
 
   
   
 
   2020 
   
   
 1,158 
    
 
   
   
 
   2021 
   
   
 321 
    
 
   
   
 
   2022 - thereafter 
   
   
 649 
    
 
   Total other secured financings (long-term) 
   
   
 8,405 
    
 
   Total other secured financings 
   
   
 $21,523 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Long-term secured financings that are repayable prior to maturity at the option of the firm are reflected at
their contractual maturity dates.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Long-term secured financings that are redeemable prior to maturity at the option of the holder are reflected
at the earliest dates such options become exercisable.    Collateral Received and Pledged  
 The firm receives cash and securities (e.g., U.S. government and federal agency, other sovereign and corporate obligations, as well as equities
and convertible debentures) as collateral, primarily in connection with resale agreements, securities borrowed, derivative transactions and customer margin loans. The firm obtains cash and securities as collateral on an upfront or contingent basis
for derivative instruments and collateralized agreements to reduce its credit exposure to individual counterparties.    In many cases, the
firm is permitted to deliver or repledge financial instruments received as collateral when entering into repurchase agreements and securities loaned transactions, primarily in connection with secured client financing activities. The firm is also
permitted to deliver or repledge these financial instruments in connection with other secured financings, collateralized derivative transactions and firm or customer settlement requirements.  
 The firm also pledges certain financial instruments owned, at fair value in connection with repurchase agreements, securities loaned
transactions and other secured financings, and other assets (substantially all real estate and cash) in connection with other secured financings to counterparties who may or may not have the right to deliver or repledge them.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 154 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The table below presents financial instruments at fair value received as collateral that were
available to be delivered or repledged and were delivered or repledged by the firm.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
 
   Collateral available to be delivered or repledged 
   
   
 $634,609 
   
    
   
 $636,684 
   
 
   
   
 
   Collateral that was delivered or repledged 
   
   
 495,717 
   
    
   
 496,240 
   
   In the table above, as of December 2016 and December 2015, collateral available to be delivered or
repledged excludes $15.47 billion and $18.94 billion, respectively, of securities received under resale agreements and securities borrowed transactions that contractually had the right to be delivered or repledged, but were segregated for
regulatory and other purposes.    The table below presents information about assets pledged.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
 
   Financial instruments owned, at fair value pledged to counterparties that: 
     
 
   Had the right to deliver or repledge 
   
   
 $  51,278 
   
    
   
 $  54,426 
   
 
   
   
 
   Did not have the right to deliver or repledge 
   
   
 61,099 
   
    
   
 63,880 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other assets pledged to counterparties that did not have the right
to deliver or repledge 
   
   
 3,287 
   
    
   
 1,841 
   
   The firm also segregated $15.29 billion and $19.56 billion of securities included in “Financial
instruments owned, at fair value” as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively, for regulatory and other purposes. See Note 3 for information about segregated cash.  
 Note 11.    Securitization Activities
   The firm securitizes residential and commercial mortgages, corporate bonds, loans and other types of financial assets by selling these
assets to securitization vehicles (e.g., trusts, corporate entities and limited liability companies) or through a resecuritization. The firm acts as underwriter of the beneficial interests that are sold to investors. The firm’s residential
mortgage securitizations are primarily in connection with government agency securitizations.    Beneficial interests issued by securitization
entities are debt or equity securities that give the investors rights to receive all or portions of specified cash inflows to a securitization vehicle and include senior and subordinated interests in principal, interest and/or other cash inflows.
The proceeds from the sale of beneficial interests are used to pay the transferor for the financial assets sold to the securitization vehicle or to purchase securities which serve as collateral.
 
  The firm accounts for a securitization as a sale when it has relinquished control over the
transferred assets. Prior to securitization, the firm accounts for assets pending transfer at fair value and therefore does not typically recognize significant gains or losses upon the transfer of assets. Net revenues from underwriting activities
are recognized in connection with the sales of the underlying beneficial interests to investors.    For transfers of assets that are not
accounted for as sales, the assets remain in “Financial instruments owned, at fair value” and the transfer is accounted for as a collateralized financing, with the related interest expense recognized over the life of the transaction. See
Notes 10 and 23 for further information about collateralized financings and interest expense, respectively.    The firm generally
receives cash in exchange for the transferred assets but may also have continuing involvement with transferred assets, including ownership of beneficial interests in securitized financial assets, primarily in the form of senior or subordinated
securities. The firm may also purchase senior or subordinated securities issued by securitization vehicles (which are typically VIEs) in connection with secondary market-making activities.  
 The primary risks included in beneficial interests and other interests from the firm’s continuing involvement with securitization vehicles
are the performance of the underlying collateral, the position of the firm’s investment in the capital structure of the securitization vehicle and the market yield for the security. These interests are primarily accounted for at fair value and
are classified in level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Beneficial interests and other interests not accounted for at fair value are carried at amounts that approximate fair value. See Notes 5 through 8 for further information about fair
value measurements.    The table below presents the amount of financial assets securitized and the cash flows received on retained interests
in securitization entities in which the firm had continuing involvement as of the end of the period.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
    
   
 2014 
   
 
   Residential mortgages 
   
   
 $12,164 
   
    
   
 $10,479 
   
    
   
 $19,099 
   
 
   
   
 
   Commercial mortgages 
   
   
 233 
   
    
   
 6,043 
   
    
   
 2,810 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other financial assets 
   
   
 181 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 1,009 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $12,578 
   
    
   
 $16,522 
   
    
   
 $22,918 
   
 
     
 Retained interests cash flows 
   
   
 $     189 
   
    
   
 $     174 
   
    
   
 $     215 
   
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 155 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The table below presents the firm’s continuing involvement in nonconsolidated
securitization entities to which the firm sold assets, as well as the total outstanding principal amount of transferred assets in which the firm has continuing involvement.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
       
 Outstanding Principal Amount 
          
    
     
 Retained Interests 
       
    
     
 Purchased Interests 
       
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. government agency-issued collateralized mortgage obligations 
   
   
 $25,140 
    
    
   
 $   953 
    
    
   
 $24 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other residential  mortgage-backed 
   
   
 3,261 
    
    
   
 540 
    
    
   
 6 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other commercial  mortgage-backed 
   
   
 357 
    
    
   
 15 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   CDOs, CLOs and other 
   
   
 2,284 
    
    
   
 56 
    
    
   
 6 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $31,042 
    
    
   
 $1,564 
    
    
   
 $36 
    
 
       As of December 2015 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. government agency-issued collateralized mortgage obligations 
   
   
 $39,088 
    
    
   
 $   846 
    
    
   
 $20 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other residential  mortgage-backed 
   
   
 2,195 
    
    
   
 154 
    
    
   
 17 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other commercial  mortgage-backed 
   
   
 6,842 
    
    
   
 115 
    
    
   
 28 
    
 
   
   
 
   CDOs, CLOs and other 
   
   
 2,732 
    
    
   
 44 
    
    
   
 7 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $50,857 
    
    
   
 $1,159 
    
    
   
 $72 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The outstanding principal amount is presented for the purpose of providing information about the size of the
securitization entities in which the firm has continuing involvement and is not representative of the firm’s risk of loss.      
 
 
 • 
   
   For retained or purchased interests, the firm’s risk of loss is limited to the carrying value of these
interests.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Purchased interests represent senior and subordinated interests, purchased in connection with secondary
market-making activities, in securitization entities in which the firm also holds retained interests.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Substantially all of the total outstanding principal amount and total retained interests as of
December 2016 and December 2015 relate to securitizations during 2012 and thereafter.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The fair value of retained interests was $1.58 billion and $1.16 billion as of December 2016
and December 2015, respectively.    In addition to the interests in the table above, the firm had other continuing
involvement in the form of derivative transactions and commitments with certain nonconsolidated VIEs. The carrying value of these derivatives and commitments was a net asset of $48 million and $92 million as of December 2016 and
December 2015, respectively. The notional amounts of these derivatives and commitments are included in maximum exposure to loss in the nonconsolidated VIE table in Note 12.
 
  The table below presents the weighted average key economic assumptions used in measuring the
fair value of mortgage-backed retained interests and the sensitivity of this fair value to immediate adverse changes of 10% and 20% in those assumptions.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Fair value of retained interests 
   
   
 $1,519 
    
    
   
 $1,115 
    
 
   
   
 
   Weighted average life (years) 
   
   
 7.5 
    
    
   
 7.5 
    
 
   
   
 
   Constant prepayment rate 
   
   
 8.1% 
    
    
   
 10.4% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Impact of 10% adverse change 
   
   
 $    (14 
 )  
    
   
 $    (22 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Impact of 20% adverse change 
   
   
 (28 
 )  
    
   
 (43 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Discount rate 
   
   
 5.3% 
    
    
   
 5.5% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Impact of 10% adverse change 
   
   
 $    (37 
 )  
    
   
 $    (28 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Impact of 20% adverse change 
   
   
 (71 
 )  
    
   
 (55 
 )  
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Amounts do not reflect the benefit of other financial instruments that are held to mitigate risks inherent in
these retained interests.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Changes in fair value based on an adverse variation in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because
the relationship of the change in assumptions to the change in fair value is not usually linear.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The impact of a change in a particular assumption is calculated independently of changes in any other
assumption. In practice, simultaneous changes in assumptions might magnify or counteract the sensitivities disclosed above.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The constant prepayment rate is included only for positions for which it is a key assumption in the
determination of fair value.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The discount rate for retained interests that relate to U.S. government agency-issued collateralized mortgage
obligations does not include any credit loss.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Expected credit loss assumptions are reflected in the discount rate for the remainder of retained interests.
   The firm has other retained interests not reflected in the table above with a fair value of $56 million and a
weighted average life of 3.5 years as of December 2016, and a fair value of $44 million and a weighted average life of 3.5 years as of December 2015. Due to the nature and current fair value of certain of these retained
interests, the weighted average assumptions for constant prepayment and discount rates and the related sensitivity to adverse changes are not meaningful as of December 2016 and December 2015. The firm’s maximum exposure to adverse
changes in the value of these interests is the carrying value of $56 million and $44 million as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 156 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  Note 12.  
 Variable Interest Entities  
   
  A variable interest in a VIE is an investment (e.g., debt or equity securities) or other
interest (e.g., derivatives or loans and lending commitments) that will absorb portions of the VIE’s expected losses and/or receive portions of the VIE’s expected residual returns.  
 The firm’s variable interests in VIEs include senior and subordinated debt in residential and commercial mortgage-backed and other
asset-backed securitization entities, CDOs and CLOs; loans and lending commitments; limited and general partnership interests; preferred and common equity; derivatives that may include foreign currency, equity and/or credit risk; guarantees; and
certain of the fees the firm receives from investment funds. Certain interest rate, foreign currency and credit derivatives the firm enters into with VIEs are not variable interests because they create, rather than absorb, risk.  
 VIEs generally finance the purchase of assets by issuing debt and equity securities that are either collateralized by or indexed to the assets
held by the VIE. The debt and equity securities issued by a VIE may include tranches of varying levels of subordination. The firm’s involvement with VIEs includes securitization of financial assets, as described in Note 11, and investments
in and loans to other types of VIEs, as described below. See Note 11 for additional information about securitization activities, including the definition of beneficial interests. See Note 3 for the firm’s consolidation policies,
including the definition of a VIE.    VIE Consolidation Analysis  
 The enterprise with a controlling financial interest in a VIE is known as the primary beneficiary and consolidates the VIE. The firm determines
whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE by performing an analysis that principally considers:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Which variable interest holder has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly
impact the VIE’s economic performance;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Which variable interest holder has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the
VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE;      
 
 
 • 
   
   The VIE’s purpose and design, including the risks the VIE was designed to create and pass through to its
variable interest holders;      
 
 
 • 
   
   The VIE’s capital structure;
 

 
 
 • 
   
   The terms between the VIE and its variable interest holders and other parties involved with the VIE; and
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Related-party relationships.  
 The firm reassesses its initial evaluation of whether an entity is a VIE when certain reconsideration events occur. The firm reassesses its
determination of whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE on an ongoing basis based on current facts and circumstances.    VIE Activities  
 The firm is principally involved with VIEs through the following business activities:  
 Mortgage-Backed VIEs and Corporate CDO and CLO VIEs. 
The firm sells residential and commercial mortgage loans and securities to mortgage-backed VIEs and corporate bonds and loans to corporate CDO and CLO VIEs and may retain beneficial interests in the assets sold to these VIEs. The firm purchases and
sells beneficial interests issued by mortgage-backed and corporate CDO and CLO VIEs in connection with market-making activities. In addition, the firm may enter into derivatives with certain of these VIEs, primarily interest rate swaps, which are
typically not variable interests. The firm generally enters into derivatives with other counterparties to mitigate its risk from derivatives with these VIEs.  
 Certain mortgage-backed and corporate CDO and CLO VIEs, usually referred to as synthetic CDOs or credit-linked note VIEs, synthetically create
the exposure for the beneficial interests they issue by entering into credit derivatives, rather than purchasing the underlying assets. These credit derivatives may reference a single asset, an index, or a portfolio/basket of assets or indices. See
Note 7 for further information about credit derivatives. These VIEs use the funds from the sale of beneficial interests and the premiums received from credit derivative counterparties to purchase securities which serve to collateralize the
beneficial interest holders and/or the credit derivative counterparty. These VIEs may enter into other derivatives, primarily interest rate swaps, which are typically not variable interests. The firm may be a counterparty to derivatives with these
VIEs and generally enters into derivatives with other counterparties to mitigate its risk.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 157 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Real Estate, Credit-Related and Other Investing
VIEs.  The firm purchases equity and debt securities issued by and makes loans to VIEs that hold real estate, performing and nonperforming debt, distressed loans and equity securities. The firm
typically does not sell assets to, or enter into derivatives with, these VIEs.    Other
Asset-Backed VIEs.  The firm structures VIEs that issue notes to clients, and purchases and sells beneficial interests issued by other asset-backed VIEs in connection with market-making activities.
In addition, the firm may enter into derivatives with certain other asset-backed VIEs, primarily total return swaps on the collateral assets held by these VIEs under which the firm pays the VIE the return due to the note holders and receives the
return on the collateral assets owned by the VIE. The firm generally can be removed as the total return swap counterparty. The firm generally enters into derivatives with other counterparties to mitigate its risk from derivatives with these VIEs.
The firm typically does not sell assets to the other asset-backed VIEs it structures.  
 Principal-Protected Note VIEs.  The firm structures VIEs
that issue principal-protected notes to clients. These VIEs own portfolios of assets, principally with exposure to hedge funds. Substantially all of the principal protection on the notes issued by these VIEs is provided by the asset portfolio
rebalancing that is required under the terms of the notes. The firm enters into total return swaps with these VIEs under which the firm pays the VIE the return due to the principal-protected note holders and receives the return on the assets owned
by the VIE. The firm may enter into derivatives with other counterparties to mitigate the risk it has from the derivatives it enters into with these VIEs. The firm also obtains funding through these VIEs.  
 Investments in Funds and Other VIEs.  The firm makes
equity investments in certain of the investment fund VIEs it manages and is entitled to receive fees from these VIEs. The firm typically does not sell assets to, or enter into derivatives with, these VIEs. Other VIEs primarily includes
nonconsolidated power-related VIEs. The firm purchases debt and equity securities issued by VIEs that hold power-related assets and may provide commitments to these VIEs.
 
  Adoption of ASU No. 2015-02  
 The firm adopted ASU No. 2015-02 as of January 1, 2016. Upon adoption, certain of the firm’s investments in entities that
were previously classified as voting interest entities are now classified as VIEs. These include investments in certain limited partnership entities that have been deconsolidated upon adoption as certain fee interests are not considered significant
interests under the guidance, and the firm is no longer deemed to have a controlling financial interest in such entities. See Note 3 for further information about the adoption of ASU No. 2015-02.  
 Nonconsolidated VIEs.  As a result of adoption as of
January 1, 2016, “Investments in funds and other” nonconsolidated VIEs included $10.70 billion in “Assets in VIEs,” $543 million in “Carrying value of variable interests – assets” and
$559 million in “Maximum exposure to loss” related to investments in limited partnership entities that were previously classified as nonconsolidated voting interest entities.  
 Consolidated VIEs.  As a result of adoption as of
January 1, 2016, “Real estate, credit-related and other investing” consolidated VIEs included $302 million of assets, substantially all included in “Financial instruments owned, at fair value,” and
$122 million of liabilities, included in “Other liabilities and accrued expenses” primarily related to investments in limited partnership entities that were previously classified as consolidated voting interest entities.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 158 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  Nonconsolidated VIEs
 
  The table below presents a summary of the nonconsolidated VIEs in which the firm holds variable
interests. The firm’s exposure to the obligations of VIEs is generally limited to its interests in these entities. In certain instances, the firm provides guarantees, including derivative guarantees, to VIEs or holders of variable interests in
VIEs. The nature of the firm’s variable interests can take different forms, as described in the rows under maximum exposure to loss. In the table below:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The maximum exposure to loss excludes the benefit of offsetting financial instruments that are held to
mitigate the risks associated with these variable interests.      
 
 
 • 
   
   For retained and purchased interests, and loans and investments, the maximum exposure to loss is the carrying
value of these interests.      
 
 
 • 
   
   For commitments and guarantees, and derivatives, the maximum exposure to loss is the notional amount, which
does not represent anticipated losses and also has not been reduced by unrealized losses already recorded. As a result, the maximum exposure to loss exceeds liabilities recorded for commitments and guarantees, and derivatives provided to VIEs.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Total maximum exposure to loss for commitments and guarantees, and derivatives include $1.28 billion and
$1.52 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively, related to transactions with VIEs to which the firm transferred assets.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Total nonconsolidated VIEs 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets in VIEs 
   
   
 $70,083 
    
    
   
 $90,145 
    
 
   
   
 
   Carrying value of variable interests — assets 
   
   
 6,199 
    
    
   
 7,171 
    
 
   
   
 
   Carrying value of variable interests — liabilities 

   
   
 254 
    
    
   
 177 
    
 
   Maximum exposure to loss: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Retained interests 
   
   
 1,564 
    
    
   
 1,159 
    
 
   
   
 
   Purchased interests 
   
   
 544 
    
    
   
 1,528 
    
 
   
   
 
   Commitments and guarantees 
   
   
 2,196 
    
    
   
 2,020 
    
 
   
   
 
   Derivatives 
   
   
 7,144 
    
    
   
 6,936 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans and investments 
   
   
 3,760 
    
    
   
 4,108 
    
 
   Total maximum exposure to loss 
   
   
 $15,208 
    
    
   
 $15,751 
    
   
  The table below disaggregates, by principal business activity, the information for
nonconsolidated VIEs included in the summary table above.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Mortgage-backed 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets in VIEs 
   
   
 $32,714 
    
    
   
 $62,672 
    
 
   
   
 
   Carrying value of variable interests — assets 
   
   
 1,936 
    
    
   
 2,439 
    
 
   Maximum exposure to loss: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Retained interests 
   
   
 1,508 
    
    
   
 1,115 
    
 
   
   
 
   Purchased interests 
   
   
 429 
    
    
   
 1,324 
    
 
   
   
 
   Commitments and guarantees 
   
   
 9 
    
    
   
 40 
    
 
   
   
 
   Derivatives 
   
   
 163 
    
    
   
 222 
    
 
   Total maximum exposure to loss 
   
   
 $  2,109 
    
    
   
 $  2,701 
    
 
   Corporate CDOs and CLOs 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets in VIEs 
   
   
 $  5,391 
    
    
   
 $  6,493 
    
 
   
   
 
   Carrying value of variable interests — assets 
   
   
 393 
    
    
   
 624 
    
 
   
   
 
   Carrying value of variable interests — liabilities 

   
   
 25 
    
    
   
 29 
    
 
   Maximum exposure to loss: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Retained interests 
   
   
 2 
    
    
   
 3 
    
 
   
   
 
   Purchased interests 
   
   
 43 
    
    
   
 106 
    
 
   
   
 
   Commitments and guarantees 
   
   
 186 
    
    
   
 647 
    
 
   
   
 
   Derivatives 
   
   
 2,841 
    
    
   
 2,633 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans and investments 
   
   
 94 
    
    
   
 265 
    
 
   Total maximum exposure to loss 
   
   
 $  3,166 
    
    
   
 $  3,654 
    
 
   Real estate, credit-related and other investing 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets in VIEs 
   
   
 $  8,617 
    
    
   
 $  9,793 
    
 
   
   
 
   Carrying value of variable interests — assets 
   
   
 2,550 
    
    
   
 3,557 
    
 
   
   
 
   Carrying value of variable interests — liabilities 

   
   
 3 
    
    
   
 3 
    
 
   Maximum exposure to loss: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commitments and guarantees 
   
   
 693 
    
    
   
 570 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans and investments 
   
   
 2,550 
    
    
   
 3,557 
    
 
   Total maximum exposure to loss 
   
   
 $  3,243 
    
    
   
 $  4,127 
    
 
   Other asset-backed 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets in VIEs 
   
   
 $  6,405 
    
    
   
 $  7,026 
    
 
   
   
 
   Carrying value of variable interests — assets 
   
   
 293 
    
    
   
 265 
    
 
   
   
 
   Carrying value of variable interests — liabilities 

   
   
 220 
    
    
   
 145 
    
 
   Maximum exposure to loss: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Retained interests 
   
   
 54 
    
    
   
 41 
    
 
   
   
 
   Purchased interests 
   
   
 72 
    
    
   
 98 
    
 
   
   
 
   Commitments and guarantees 
   
   
 275 
    
    
   
 500 
    
 
   
   
 
   Derivatives 
   
   
 4,134 
    
    
   
 4,075 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans and investments 
   
   
 89 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Total maximum exposure to loss 
   
   
 $  4,624 
    
    
   
 $  4,714 
    
 
   Investments in funds and other 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets in VIEs 
   
   
 $16,956 
    
    
   
 $  4,161 
    
 
   
   
 
   Carrying value of variable interests — assets 
   
   
 1,027 
    
    
   
 286 
    
 
   
   
 
   Carrying value of variable interests — liabilities 

   
   
 6 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Maximum exposure to loss: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commitments and guarantees 
   
   
 1,033 
    
    
   
 263 
    
 
   
   
 
   Derivatives 
   
   
 6 
    
    
   
 6 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans and investments 
   
   
 1,027 
    
    
   
 286 
    
 
   Total maximum exposure to loss 
   
   
 $  2,066 
    
    
   
 $     555 
    
   In the table above, mortgage-backed includes assets in VIEs of $1.54 billion and $4.08 billion, and
maximum exposure to loss of $279 million and $502 million, as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively, related to CDOs backed by mortgage obligations.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 159 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The carrying values of the firm’s variable interests in nonconsolidated VIEs are included
in the consolidated statements of financial condition as follows:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Mortgage-backed: As of December 2016, substantially all assets were included in “Financial
instruments owned, at fair value,” “Loans receivable” and “Receivables from customers and counterparties.” As of December 2015, all assets were included in “Financial instruments owned, at fair value;”
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Corporate CDOs and CLOs: As of both December 2016 and December 2015, all assets were included in
“Financial instruments owned, at fair value” and all liabilities were included in “Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value;”  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Real estate, credit-related and other investing: As of both December 2016 and December 2015, all
assets were included in “Financial instruments owned, at fair value,” “Loans receivable” and “Other assets,” and all liabilities were included in “Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair
value” and “Other liabilities and accrued expenses;”      
 
 
 • 
   
   Other asset-backed: As of both December 2016 and December 2015, all assets were included in
“Financial instruments owned, at fair value” and “Loans receivable” and all liabilities were included in “Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value;” and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Investments in funds and other: As of both December 2016 and December 2015, substantially all assets
were included in “Financial instruments owned, at fair value” and all liabilities were included in “Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value.”
 
  Consolidated VIEs  
 The table below presents a summary of the carrying amount and classification of assets and liabilities in consolidated VIEs. In the table
below:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Assets and liabilities are presented net of intercompany eliminations and exclude the benefit of offsetting
financial instruments that are held to mitigate the risks associated with the firm’s variable interests.      
 
 
 • 
   
   VIEs in which the firm holds a majority voting interest are excluded if (i) the VIE meets the definition
of a business and (ii) the VIE’s assets can be used for purposes other than the settlement of its obligations.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Substantially all the assets can only be used to settle obligations of the VIE.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Total consolidated VIEs 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 $   300 
    
    
   
 $   423 
    
 
   
   
 
   Receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations 
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans receivable 
   
   
 603 
    
    
   
 1,534 
    
 
   
   
 
   Financial instruments owned, at fair value 
   
   
 2,047 
    
    
   
 2,283 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 682 
    
    
   
 471 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $3,632 
    
    
   
 $4,712 
    
 
   Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other secured financings 
   
   
 $   854 
    
    
   
 $   858 
    
 
   
   
 
   Payables to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations 
   
   
 1 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Payables to customers and counterparties 
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 434 
    
 
   
   
 
   Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value 
   
   
 7 
    
    
   
 16 
    
 
   
   
 
   Unsecured short-term borrowings 
   
   
 197 
    
    
   
 416 
    
 
   
   
 
   Unsecured long-term borrowings 
   
   
 334 
    
    
   
 312 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other liabilities and accrued expenses 
   
   
 803 
    
    
   
 556 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $2,196 
    
    
   
 $2,592 
    
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 160 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The table below disaggregates, by principal business activity, the information for consolidated
VIEs included in the summary table above.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
 
   Real estate, credit-related and other investing 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 $   300 
   
    
   
 $   423 
   
 
   
   
 
   Receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations 
   
   
 — 
   
    
   
 1 
   
 
   
   
 
   Loans receivable 
   
   
 603 
   
    
   
 1,534 
   
 
   
   
 
   Financial instruments owned, at fair value 
   
   
 1,708 
   
    
   
 1,585 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 680 
   
    
   
 456 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $3,291 
   
    
   
 $3,999 
   
 
   Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other secured financings 
   
   
 $   284 
   
    
   
 $   332 
   
 
   
   
 
   Payables to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations 
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   
   
 
   Payables to customers and counterparties 
   
   
 — 
   
    
   
 2 
   
 
   
   
 
   Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value 
   
   
 7 
   
    
   
 16 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other liabilities and accrued expenses 
   
   
 803 
   
    
   
 556 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $1,095 
   
    
   
 $   906 
   
 
   CDOs, mortgage-backed and other asset-backed 
     
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Financial instruments owned, at fair value 
   
   
 $   253 
   
    
   
 $   572 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 2 
   
    
   
 15 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $   255 
   
    
   
 $   587 
   
 
   Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other secured financings 
   
   
 $   139 
   
    
   
 $   113 
   
 
   
   
 
   Payables to customers and counterparties 
   
   
 — 
   
    
   
 432 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $   139 
   
    
   
 $   545 
   
 
   Principal-protected notes 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Financial instruments owned, at fair value 
   
   
 $     86 
   
    
   
 $   126 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $     86 
   
    
   
 $   126 
   
 
   Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other secured financings 
   
   
 $   431 
   
    
   
 $   413 
   
 
   
   
 
   Unsecured short-term borrowings 
   
   
 197 
   
    
   
 416 
   
 
   
   
 
   Unsecured long-term borrowings 
   
   
 334 
   
    
   
 312 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $   962 
   
    
   
 $1,141 
   
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The majority of the assets in principal-protected notes VIEs are intercompany and are eliminated in
consolidation.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The liabilities of real estate, credit-related and other investing VIEs, and CDOs, mortgage-backed and other
asset-backed VIEs do not have recourse to the general credit of the firm.    Note 13.  
 Other Assets    Other assets are generally less
liquid, non-financial assets. The table below presents other assets by type.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
 
   Property, leasehold improvements and equipment 
   
   
 $12,070 
   
    
   
 $  9,956 
   
 
   
   
 
   Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets 
   
   
 4,095 
   
    
   
 4,148 
   
 
   
   
 
   Income tax-related assets 
   
   
 5,550 
   
    
   
 5,548 
   
 
   
   
 
   Equity-method investments 
   
   
 219 
   
    
   
 258 
   
 
   
   
 
   Miscellaneous receivables and other 
   
   
 3,547 
   
    
   
 5,308 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $25,481 
   
    
   
 $25,218 
   
   
  In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Equity-method investments exclude investments accounted for at fair value under the fair value option where
the firm would otherwise apply the equity method of accounting of $7.92 billion and $6.59 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively, all of which are included in “Financial instruments owned, at fair
value.” The firm has generally elected the fair value option for such investments acquired after the fair value option became available.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The decrease in miscellaneous receivables and other from December 2015 to December 2016 reflects the
sale of assets previously classified as held for sale related to certain of the firm’s consolidated investments. Miscellaneous receivables and other includes $682 million and $581 million of investments in qualified affordable housing
projects as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively.    Property, Leasehold Improvements and Equipment  
 Property, leasehold improvements and equipment in the table above is net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $7.68 billion and
$7.77 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively. Property, leasehold improvements and equipment included $5.96 billion and $5.93 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively,
related to property, leasehold improvements and equipment that the firm uses in connection with its operations. The remainder is held by investment entities, including VIEs, consolidated by the firm. Substantially all property and equipment is
depreciated on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the asset. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the improvement or the term of the lease, whichever is shorter. Capitalized costs of
software developed or obtained for internal use are amortized on a straight-line basis over three years.    Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets  
 The tables below present the carrying values of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goodwill as of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
      
   
 2015 
   
 
   Investment Banking: 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Financial Advisory 
   
   
 $     98 
   
      
   
 $     98 
   
 
   
   
 
   Underwriting 
   
   
 183 
   
      
   
 183 
   
 
   
   
 
   Institutional Client Services: 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution 
   
   
 269 
   
      
   
 269 
   
 
   
   
 
   Equities Client Execution 
   
   
 2,403 
   
      
   
 2,402 
   
 
   
   
 
   Securities Services 
   
   
 105 
   
      
   
 105 
   
 
   
   
 
   Investing & Lending 
   
   
 2 
   
      
   
 2 
   
 
   
   
 
   Investment Management 
   
   
 606 
   
      
   
 598 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $3,666 
   
      
   
 $3,657 
   
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 161 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Identifiable Intangible Assets as of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
      
   
 2015 
    
 
   Institutional Client Services: 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution 
   
   
 $  65 
    
      
   
 $  92 
    
 
   
   
 
   Equities Client Execution 
   
   
 141 
    
      
   
 193 
    
 
   
   
 
   Investing & Lending 
   
   
 105 
    
      
   
 75 
    
 
   
   
 
   Investment Management 
   
   
 118 
    
      
   
 131 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $429 
    
      
   
 $491 
    
   Goodwill.  Goodwill is
the cost of acquired companies in excess of the fair value of net assets, including identifiable intangible assets, at the acquisition date.  
 Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that indicate an
impairment may exist. When assessing goodwill for impairment, first, qualitative factors are assessed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the results of the
qualitative assessment are not conclusive, a quantitative goodwill test is performed. The quantitative goodwill test consists of two steps:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The first step compares the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with its estimated net book value
(including goodwill and identifiable intangible assets). If the reporting unit’s estimated fair value exceeds its estimated net book value, goodwill is not impaired. To estimate the fair value of each reporting unit, a relative value technique
is used because the firm believes market participants would use this technique to value the firm’s reporting units. The relative value technique applies observable price-to-earnings multiples or price-to-book multiples and projected return on
equity of comparable competitors to reporting units’ net earnings or net book value. The net book value of each reporting unit reflects an allocation of total shareholders’ equity and represents the estimated amount of total
shareholders’ equity required to support the activities of the reporting unit under currently applicable regulatory capital requirements.      
 
 
 • 
   
   If the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its estimated net book value, the second step of
the goodwill test is performed to measure the amount of impairment, if any. An impairment is equal to the excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over its fair value.
 
  During the fourth quarter of 2016, the firm assessed goodwill for impairment using a qualitative
assessment. Multiple factors were assessed with respect to each of the firm’s reporting units to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of any of these reporting units was less than its carrying amount. The
qualitative assessment also considered changes since the 2015 quantitative test.    In accordance with ASC 350, the firm considered the
following factors in the qualitative assessment performed in the fourth quarter when evaluating whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit was less than its carrying amount:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Performance Indicators.  During 2016, the firm’s net
earnings, pre-tax margin, diluted earnings per common share, return on average common shareholders’ equity and book value per common share increased as compared with 2015. In addition, the firm’s overall cost structure declined reflecting
the impact of expense savings initiatives.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Firm and Industry Events.  There were no events, entity-specific
or otherwise, since the 2015 quantitative goodwill test that would have had a significant negative impact on the valuation of the firm’s reporting units.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Macroeconomic Indicators.  Since the 2015 quantitative goodwill
test, the firm’s general operating environment improved as concerns about the outlook for global economic growth moderated.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Fair Value Indicators.  Since the 2015 quantitative goodwill
test, fair value indicators improved as global equity prices increased and credit spreads tightened. In addition, most publicly-traded industry participants, including the firm, experienced increases in stock price, price-to-book multiples and
price-to-earnings multiples.    As a result of the qualitative assessment, the firm determined that it was more likely than
not that the fair value of each of the reporting units exceeded its respective carrying amount.    Notwithstanding the results of the
qualitative assessment, since the 2015 quantitative goodwill test determined that the estimated fair value of the Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution reporting unit was not substantially in excess of its carrying value, the firm
also performed a quantitative test on this reporting unit during the fourth quarter of 2016. In the quantitative test, the estimated fair value of the Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution reporting unit substantially exceeded its
carrying value.    Therefore, the firm determined that goodwill for all reporting units was not impaired.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 162 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Identifiable Intangible Assets.  The table below presents the gross carrying amount, accumulated amortization and net carrying amount of identifiable intangible assets.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Customer lists 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Gross carrying amount 
   
   
 $ 1,065 
    
    
   
 $ 1,072 
    
 
   
   
 
   Accumulated amortization 
   
   
 (837 
 )  
    
   
 (777 
 )  
 
   Net carrying amount 
   
   
 228 
    
    
   
 295 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Gross carrying amount 
   
   
 543 
    
    
   
 449 
    
 
   
   
 
   Accumulated amortization 
   
   
 (342 
 )  
    
   
 (253 
 )  
 
   Net carrying amount 
   
   
 201 
    
    
   
 196 
    
 
   
   
 
   Total 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Gross carrying amount 
   
   
 1,608 
    
    
   
 1,521 
    
 
   
   
 
   Accumulated amortization 
   
   
 (1,179 
 )  
    
   
 (1,030 
 )  
 
   Net carrying amount 
   
   
 $    429 
    
    
   
 $    491 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The net carrying amount of other intangibles primarily includes intangible assets related to acquired leases
and commodities transportation rights.      
 
 
 • 
   
   During 2016 and 2015, the firm acquired $89 million (primarily related to acquired leases) and
$67 million (primarily related to customer lists), respectively, of intangible assets with a weighted average amortization period of three years.  
 Substantially all of the firm’s identifiable intangible assets are considered to have finite useful lives and are amortized over their
estimated useful lives generally using the straight-line method.    The tables below present details about amortization of identifiable
intangible assets.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Amortization 
   
   
 $162 
    
    
   
 $132 
    
    
   
 $217 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
       
 As of   December 2016 
         
 
   Estimated future amortization 
   
 
 
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 $133 
    
 
   
   
 
   2018 
   
   
 113 
    
 
   
   
 
   2019 
   
   
 79 
    
 
   
   
 
   2020 
   
   
 29 
    
 
   
   
 
   2021 
   
   
 19 
    
   
  Impairments  
 The firm tests property, leasehold improvements and equipment, identifiable intangible assets and other assets for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset’s or asset group’s carrying value may not be fully recoverable. To the extent the carrying value of an asset exceeds the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use
and eventual disposal of the asset or asset group, the firm determines the asset is impaired and records an impairment equal to the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of the asset or asset group. In addition, the firm
will recognize an impairment prior to the sale of an asset if the carrying value of the asset exceeds its estimated fair value.    During
both 2016 and 2015, impairments were not material to the firm’s results of operations or financial condition.    During 2014, primarily
as a result of deterioration in market and operating conditions related to certain of the firm’s consolidated investments and the firm’s exchange-traded fund lead market maker (LMM) rights, the firm determined that certain assets were
impaired and recorded impairments of $360 million, all of which were included in “Depreciation and amortization.” These impairments consisted of $268 million related to property, leasehold improvements and equipment,
substantially all of which was attributable to a consolidated investment in Latin America, $70 million related to identifiable intangible assets, primarily attributable to the firm’s LMM rights, and $22 million related to goodwill as
a result of the sale of Metro International Trade Services (Metro). The impairments related to property, leasehold improvements and equipment and goodwill were included within the firm’s Investing & Lending segment and the impairments
related to identifiable intangible assets were principally included within the firm’s Institutional Client Services segment. The impairments represented the excess of the carrying values of these assets over their estimated fair values,
substantially all of which are calculated using level 3 measurements. These fair values were calculated using a combination of discounted cash flow analyses and relative value analyses, including the estimated cash flows expected to result from
the use and eventual disposition of these assets.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 163 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Note 14.  
 Deposits    The table below presents the types and
sources of the firm’s deposits.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Savings and Demand 
     
    
   
 Time 
   
    
   
 Total 
   
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Private bank and online retail 
   
   
 $61,166 
   
    
   
 $  4,437 
   
    
   
 $  65,603 
   
 
   
   
 
   Brokered certificates of deposit 
   
   
 — 
   
    
   
 34,905 
   
    
   
 34,905 
   
 
   
   
 
   Deposit sweep programs 
   
   
 16,019 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 16,019 
   
 
   
   
 
   Institutional 
   
   
 12 
   
    
   
 7,559 
   
    
   
 7,571 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $77,197 
   
    
   
 $46,901 
   
    
   
 $124,098 
   
 
       As of December 2015 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Private bank 
   
   
 $38,715 
   
    
   
 $  2,354 
   
    
   
 $  41,069 
   
 
   
   
 
   Brokered certificates of deposit 
   
   
 — 
   
    
   
 32,419 
   
    
   
 32,419 
   
 
   
   
 
   Deposit sweep programs 
   
   
 15,791 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 15,791 
   
 
   
   
 
   Institutional 
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 8,239 
   
    
   
 8,240 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $54,507 
   
    
   
 $43,012 
   
    
   
 $  97,519 
   
   In April 2016, Goldman Sachs Bank USA (GS Bank USA) acquired GE Capital Bank’s online retail deposit
platform and assumed $16.52 billion of deposits, consisting of $8.76 billion in online deposit accounts and certificates of deposit, and $7.76 billion in brokered certificates of deposit. In the table above:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Substantially all deposits are interest-bearing.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Savings and demand deposits have no stated maturity.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Time deposits include $13.78 billion and $14.68 billion as of December 2016 and
December 2015, respectively, of deposits accounted for at fair value under the fair value option. See Note 8 for further information about deposits accounted for at fair value.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Time deposits have a weighted average maturity of approximately 2.5 years and 3 years as of
December 2016 and December 2015, respectively.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Deposit sweep programs represent long-term contractual agreements with several U.S. broker-dealers who sweep
client cash to FDIC-insured deposits.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Deposits insured by the FDIC as of December 2016 and December 2015 were approximately
$69.91 billion and $55.48 billion, respectively.    The table below presents deposits held in U.S. and non-U.S.
offices. Substantially all U.S. deposits were held at GS Bank USA and substantially all non-U.S. deposits were held at Goldman Sachs International Bank (GSIB).      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
 
   U.S. offices 
   
   
 $106,037 
   
    
   
 $81,920 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. offices 
   
   
 18,061 
   
    
   
 15,599 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $124,098 
   
    
   
 $97,519 
   
   
  The table below presents maturities of time deposits held in U.S. and non-U.S. offices.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 2016 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 U.S. 
   
    
   
 Non-U.S. 
   
    
   
 Total 
   
 
   2017 
   
   
 $11,245 
   
    
   
 $8,262 
   
    
   
 $19,507 
   
 
   
   
 
   2018 
   
   
 6,004 
   
    
   
 542 
   
    
   
 6,546 
   
 
   
   
 
   2019 
   
   
 5,350 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 5,350 
   
 
   
   
 
   2020 
   
   
 4,054 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 4,054 
   
 
   
   
 
   2021 
   
   
 3,519 
   
    
   
 39 
   
    
   
 3,558 
   
 
   
   
 
   2022 - thereafter 
   
   
 7,671 
   
    
   
 215 
   
    
   
 7,886 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $37,843 
   
    
   
 $9,058 
   
    
   
 $46,901 
   
   As of December 2016, deposits in U.S. and non-U.S. offices include $2.05 billion and
$8.53 billion, respectively, of time deposits that were greater than $250,000.    The firm’s savings and demand deposits are
recorded based on the amount of cash received plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value. In addition, the firm designates certain derivatives as fair value hedges to convert a majority of its time deposits not accounted for at fair value
from fixed-rate obligations into floating-rate obligations. Accordingly, the carrying value of time deposits approximated fair value as of December 2016 and December 2015. While these savings and demand deposits and time deposits are
carried at amounts that approximate fair value, they are not accounted for at fair value under the fair value option or at fair value in accordance with other U.S. GAAP and therefore are not included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy in
Notes 6 through 8. Had these deposits been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, they would have been classified in level 2 as of December 2016 and December 2015.  
 Note 15.    Short-Term Borrowings  
 The table below presents details about the firm’s short-term borrowings.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
 
   Other secured financings (short-term) 
   
   
 $13,118 
   
    
   
 $14,233 
   
 
   
   
 
   Unsecured short-term borrowings 
   
   
 39,265 
   
    
   
 42,787 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $52,383 
   
    
   
 $57,020 
   
   See Note 10 for information about other secured financings.  
 Unsecured short-term borrowings include the portion of unsecured long-term borrowings maturing within one year of the financial statement date
and unsecured long-term borrowings that are redeemable within one year of the financial statement date at the option of the holder.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 164 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The firm accounts for commercial paper and certain hybrid financial instruments at fair value
under the fair value option. See Note 8 for further information about unsecured short-term borrowings that are accounted for at fair value. The carrying value of unsecured short-term borrowings that are not recorded at fair value generally
approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of the obligations. While these unsecured short-term borrowings are carried at amounts that approximate fair value, they are not accounted for at fair value under the fair value option or at fair
value in accordance with other U.S. GAAP and therefore are not included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy in Notes 6 through 8. Had these borrowings been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, substantially all would have been
classified in level 2 as of December 2016 and December 2015.    The table below presents details about the firm’s
unsecured short-term borrowings.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
 2015 
   
 
   Current portion of unsecured long-term borrowings 
   
   
 $23,528 
   
   
   
 $25,373 
   
 
   
   
 
   Hybrid financial instruments 
   
   
 11,700 
   
   
   
 12,956 
   
 
   
   
 
   Commercial paper 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 208 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
   
   
 4,037 
   
   
   
 4,250 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $39,265 
   
   
   
 $42,787 
   
 
     
 Weighted average interest rate 
   
   
 1.68% 
   
   
   
 1.52% 
   
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The current portion of unsecured long-term borrowings includes $21.53 billion and $24.11 billion as
of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively, issued by Group Inc.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The weighted average interest rates for these borrowings include the effect of hedging activities and exclude
financial instruments accounted for at fair value under the fair value option. See Note 7 for further information about hedging activities.  
 Note 16.    Long-Term Borrowings  
 The table below presents details about the firm’s long-term borrowings.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
 
   Other secured financings (long-term) 
   
   
 $    8,405 
   
    
   
 $  10,520 
   
 
   
   
 
   Unsecured long-term borrowings 
   
   
 189,086 
   
    
   
 175,422 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $197,491 
   
    
   
 $185,942 
   
   See Note 10 for information about other secured financings.
 
  The table below presents unsecured long-term borrowings extending through 2056 and consisting
principally of senior borrowings.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
     
 U.S.   Dollar 
       
    
   
 Non-U.S. Dollar 
     
    
   
 Total 
   
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fixed-rate obligations: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Group Inc. 
   
   
 $  93,885 
   
    
   
 $31,274 
   
    
   
 $125,159 
   
 
   
   
 
   Subsidiaries 
   
   
 2,228 
   
    
   
 885 
   
    
   
 3,113 
   
 
   
   
 
   Floating-rate obligations: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Group Inc. 
   
   
 27,864 
   
    
   
 19,112 
   
    
   
 46,976 
   
 
   
   
 
   Subsidiaries 
   
   
 8,884 
   
    
   
 4,954 
   
    
   
 13,838 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $132,861 
   
    
   
 $56,225 
   
    
   
 $189,086 
   
 
       As of December 2015 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fixed-rate obligations: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Group Inc. 
   
   
 $  90,076 
   
    
   
 $29,808 
   
    
   
 $119,884 
   
 
   
   
 
   Subsidiaries 
   
   
 2,114 
   
    
   
 895 
   
    
   
 3,009 
   
 
   
   
 
   Floating-rate obligations: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Group Inc. 
   
   
 27,881 
   
    
   
 16,916 
   
    
   
 44,797 
   
 
   
   
 
   Subsidiaries 
   
   
 5,662 
   
    
   
 2,070 
   
    
   
 7,732 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $125,733 
   
    
   
 $49,689 
   
    
   
 $175,422 
   
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Floating interest rates are generally based on LIBOR or OIS. Equity-linked and indexed instruments are
included in floating-rate obligations.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Interest rates on U.S. dollar-denominated debt ranged from 1.60% to 10.04% (with a weighted average rate of
4.57%) and 1.60% to 10.04% (with a weighted average rate of 4.89%) as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Interest rates on non-U.S. dollar-denominated debt ranged from 0.02% to 13.00% (with a weighted average rate
of 3.05%) and 0.40% to 13.00% (with a weighted average rate of 3.81%) as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively.  
 The table below presents unsecured long-term borrowings by maturity date.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 2016 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Group Inc. 
   
    
   
 Subsidiaries 
   
    
   
 Total 
   
 
   2018 
   
   
 $  23,814 
   
    
   
 $  2,890 
   
    
   
 $  26,704 
   
 
   
   
 
   2019 
   
   
 23,012 
   
    
   
 2,582 
   
    
   
 25,594 
   
 
   
   
 
   2020 
   
   
 17,291 
   
    
   
 1,118 
   
    
   
 18,409 
   
 
   
   
 
   2021 
   
   
 20,005 
   
    
   
 740 
   
    
   
 20,745 
   
 
   
   
 
   2022 - thereafter 
   
   
 88,013 
   
    
   
 9,621 
   
    
   
 97,634 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $172,135 
   
    
   
 $16,951 
   
    
   
 $189,086 
   
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Unsecured long-term borrowings maturing within one year of the financial statement date and unsecured
long-term borrowings that are redeemable within one year of the financial statement date at the option of the holder are excluded as they are included as unsecured short-term borrowings.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 165 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  

 
 
 • 
   
   Unsecured long-term borrowings that are repayable prior to maturity at the option of the firm are reflected at
their contractual maturity dates.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Unsecured long-term borrowings that are redeemable prior to maturity at the option of the holder are reflected
at the earliest dates such options become exercisable.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Unsecured long-term borrowings include $7.43 billion of adjustments to the carrying value of certain
unsecured long-term borrowings resulting from the application of hedge accounting by year of maturity as follows: $386 million in 2018, $295 million in 2019, $355 million in 2020, $586 million in 2021, and $5.81 billion in
2022 and thereafter.    The firm designates certain derivatives as fair value hedges to convert a portion of its fixed-rate
unsecured long-term borrowings not accounted for at fair value into floating-rate obligations. See Note 7 for further information about hedging activities. The table below presents unsecured long-term borrowings, after giving effect to such
hedging activities.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Group Inc. 
    
    
   
 Subsidiaries 
    
    
   
 Total 
    
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fixed-rate obligations: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   At fair value 
   
   
 $          — 
    
    
   
 $     150 
    
    
   
 $       150 
    
 
   
   
 
   At amortized cost 
   
   
 71,225 
    
    
   
 3,493 
    
    
   
 74,718 
    
 
   
   
 
   Floating-rate obligations: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   At fair value 
   
   
 17,591 
    
    
   
 11,669 
    
    
   
 29,260 
    
 
   
   
 
   At amortized cost 
   
   
 83,319 
    
    
   
 1,639 
    
    
   
 84,958 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $172,135 
    
    
   
 $16,951 
    
    
   
 $189,086 
    
 
       As of December 2015 

   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fixed-rate obligations: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   At fair value 
   
   
 $          — 
    
    
   
 $       21 
    
    
   
 $         21 
    
 
   
   
 
   At amortized cost 
   
   
 52,448 
    
    
   
 2,569 
    
    
   
 55,017 
    
 
   
   
 
   Floating-rate obligations: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   At fair value 
   
   
 16,194 
    
    
   
 6,058 
    
    
   
 22,252 
    
 
   
   
 
   At amortized cost 
   
   
 96,039 
    
    
   
 2,093 
    
    
   
 98,132 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $164,681 
    
    
   
 $10,741 
    
    
   
 $175,422 
    
   In the table above, the weighted average interest rates on the aggregate amounts were 2.87% (3.90% related to
fixed-rate obligations and 1.97% related to floating-rate obligations) and 2.73% (4.33% related to fixed-rate obligations and 1.84% related to floating-rate obligations) as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively. These rates
exclude financial instruments accounted for at fair value under the fair value option.    As of December 2016 and December 2015,
the carrying value of unsecured long-term borrowings for which the firm did not elect the fair value option approximated fair value. As these borrowings are not accounted for at fair value under the fair value option or at fair value in accordance
with other U.S. GAAP, their fair value is not included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy in Notes 6 through 8. Had these borrowings been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, substantially all would have been classified in
level 2 as of December 2016 and December 2015.
 
  Subordinated Borrowings  
 Unsecured long-term borrowings include subordinated debt and junior subordinated debt. Junior subordinated debt is junior in right of payment
to other subordinated borrowings, which are junior to senior borrowings. As of both December 2016 and December 2015, subordinated debt had maturities ranging from 2018 to 2045. Subordinated debt that matures within one year of the
financial statement date is included in “Unsecured short-term borrowings.”    The table below presents subordinated borrowings.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
     
 Par Amount 
       
    
     
 Carrying Amount 
       
    
   
 Rate 
    
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Subordinated debt 
   
   
 $15,058 
    
    
   
 $17,604 
    
    
   
 4.29% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
   
 1,360 
    
    
   
 1,809 
    
    
   
 5.70% 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $16,418 
    
    
   
 $19,413 
    
    
   
 4.41% 
    
 
       As of December 2015 

   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Subordinated debt 
   
   
 $18,004 
    
    
   
 $20,784 
    
    
   
 3.79% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
   
 1,359 
    
    
   
 1,817 
    
    
   
 5.77% 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $19,363 
    
    
   
 $22,601 
    
    
   
 3.93% 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Par amount and carrying amount of subordinated debt issued by Group Inc. were $14.84 billion and
$17.39 billion, respectively, as of December 2016 and $17.47 billion and $20.25 billion, respectively, as of December 2015.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The rate is the weighted average interest rate for these borrowings, including the effect of fair value hedges
used to convert these fixed-rate obligations into floating-rate obligations. See Note 7 for further information about hedging activities.  
 Junior Subordinated Debt    Junior Subordinated Debt Held by Trusts.  In 2012, the Vesey Street Investment Trust I (Vesey Street Trust) and the Murray Street Investment Trust I (Murray Street
Trust) issued an aggregate of $2.25 billion of senior guaranteed trust securities to third parties, the proceeds of which were used to purchase junior subordinated debt issued by Group Inc. from Goldman Sachs Capital II and Goldman Sachs
Capital III (APEX Trusts). The APEX Trusts used the proceeds to purchase shares of Group Inc.’s Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series E (Series E Preferred Stock) and Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,
Series F (Series F Preferred Stock). The senior guaranteed trust securities issued by the Vesey Street Trust and the related junior subordinated debt matured during the third quarter of 2016. As of December 2016, $1.45 billion of
senior guaranteed trust securities issued by the Murray Street Trust and the related junior subordinated debt (that pays interest semi-annually at a fixed annual rate of 4.647%, and matures on March 9, 2017) were outstanding.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 166 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  
  The Murray Street Trust is required to redeem its senior guaranteed trust securities upon the
maturity of the junior subordinated debt it holds.    The firm has the right to defer payments on the junior subordinated debt, subject to
limitations. During any such deferral period, the firm will not be permitted to, among other things, pay dividends on or make certain repurchases of its common or preferred stock. However, as Group Inc. fully and unconditionally guarantees the
payment of the distribution and redemption amounts when due on a senior basis on the senior guaranteed trust securities, the junior subordinated debt held by the Murray Street Trust is included in “Unsecured short-term borrowings,” and is
not classified as subordinated borrowings.    The APEX Trusts and the Murray Street Trust are Delaware statutory trusts sponsored by the firm
and wholly-owned finance subsidiaries of the firm for regulatory and legal purposes but are not consolidated for accounting purposes.    The
firm has covenanted in favor of the holders of Group Inc.’s 6.345% junior subordinated debt due February 15, 2034, that, subject to certain exceptions, the firm will not redeem or purchase the capital securities issued by the APEX
Trusts, shares of Group Inc.’s Series E or Series F Preferred Stock or shares of Group Inc.’s Series O Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock if the redemption or purchase results in less than $253 million aggregate
liquidation preference outstanding, prior to specified dates in 2022 for a price that exceeds a maximum amount determined by reference to the net cash proceeds that the firm has received from the sale of qualifying securities. During 2016, the firm
exchanged a par amount of $1.32 billion of APEX issued by the APEX Trusts for a corresponding redemption value of the Series E and Series F Preferred Stock, which was permitted under the covenants referenced above.
 
  Junior Subordinated Debt Issued in Connection with Trust
Preferred Securities.  Group Inc. issued $2.84 billion of junior subordinated debt in 2004 to Goldman Sachs Capital I (Trust), a Delaware statutory trust. The Trust issued
$2.75 billion of guaranteed preferred beneficial interests (Trust Preferred Securities) to third parties and $85 million of common beneficial interests to Group Inc. and used the proceeds from the issuances to purchase the junior
subordinated debt from Group Inc. During 2014 and the first quarter of 2015, the firm purchased $1.43 billion (par amount) of Trust Preferred Securities and delivered these securities, along with $44.2 million of common beneficial
interests, to the Trust in exchange for a corresponding par amount of the junior subordinated debt. Following the exchanges, these Trust Preferred Securities, common beneficial interests and junior subordinated debt were extinguished. Subsequent to
these extinguishments, the outstanding par amount of junior subordinated debt held by the Trust was $1.36 billion and the outstanding par amount of Trust Preferred Securities and common beneficial interests issued by the Trust was
$1.32 billion and $40.8 million, respectively. The Trust is a wholly-owned finance subsidiary of the firm for regulatory and legal purposes but is not consolidated for accounting purposes.  
 The firm pays interest semi-annually on the junior subordinated debt at an annual rate of 6.345% and the debt matures on
February 15, 2034. The coupon rate and the payment dates applicable to the beneficial interests are the same as the interest rate and payment dates for the junior subordinated debt. The firm has the right, from time to time, to defer
payment of interest on the junior subordinated debt, and therefore cause payment on the Trust’s preferred beneficial interests to be deferred, in each case up to ten consecutive semi-annual periods. During any such deferral period, the firm
will not be permitted to, among other things, pay dividends on or make certain repurchases of its common stock. The Trust is not permitted to pay any distributions on the common beneficial interests held by Group Inc. unless all dividends payable on
the preferred beneficial interests have been paid in full.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 167 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Note 17.  
 Other Liabilities and Accrued Expenses    The table
below presents other liabilities and accrued expenses by type.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
 
   Compensation and benefits 
   
   
 $    7,181 
   
    
   
 $    8,149 
   
 
   
   
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 506 
   
    
   
 459 
   
 
   
   
 
   Income tax-related liabilities 
   
   
 1,794 
   
    
   
 1,280 
   
 
   
   
 
   Employee interests in consolidated funds 
   
   
 77 
   
    
   
 149 
   
 
   
   
 
   Subordinated liabilities of consolidated VIEs 
   
   
 584 
   
    
   
 501 
   
 
   
   
 
   Accrued expenses and other 
   
   
 4,220 
   
    
   
 8,355 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $  14,362 
   
    
   
 $  18,893 
   
   In the table above, the decrease in accrued expenses and other from December 2015 to December 2016
reflects payments related to the settlement agreement with the Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities Working Group of the U.S. Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force (RMBS Working Group), as well as the sale of liabilities previously classified as
held for sale related to certain of the firm’s consolidated investments.    Note 18.  
 Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees    Commitments  
 The table below presents the firm’s commitments by type.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
 
   Commitments to extend credit 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial lending: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investment-grade 
   
   
 $  73,664 
   
    
   
 $  72,428 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-investment-grade 
   
   
 34,878 
   
    
   
 41,277 
   
 
   
   
 
   Warehouse financing 
   
   
 3,514 
   
    
   
 3,453 
   
 
   Total commitments to extend credit 
   
   
 112,056 
   
    
   
 117,158 
   
 
   
   
 
   Contingent and forward starting resale and securities borrowing agreements 
   
   
 25,348 
   
    
   
 28,874 
   
 
   
   
 
   Forward starting repurchase and secured lending agreements 
   
   
 8,939 
   
    
   
 5,878 
   
 
   
   
 
   Letters of credit 
   
   
 373 
   
    
   
 249 
   
 
   
   
 
   Investment commitments 
   
   
 8,444 
   
    
   
 6,054 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 6,014 
   
    
   
 6,944 
   
 
   Total commitments 
   
   
 $161,174 
   
    
   
 $165,157 
   
   
  The table below presents the firm’s commitments by period of expiration.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 2016 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
   
 2018 - 2019 
     
   
   
 2020 - 2021 
     
   
   
 2022 - Thereafter 
     
 
   Commitments to extend credit 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial lending: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investment-grade 
   
   
 $19,408 
   
   
   
 $14,091 
   
   
   
 $39,665 
   
   
   
 $   500 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-investment-grade 
   
   
 2,562 
   
   
   
 9,458 
   
   
   
 18,484 
   
   
   
 4,374 
   
 
   
   
 
   Warehouse financing 
   
   
 388 
   
   
   
 1,356 
   
   
   
 263 
   
   
   
 1,507 
   
 
   Total commitments to extend credit 
   
   
 22,358 
   
   
   
 24,905 
   
   
   
 58,412 
   
   
   
 6,381 
   
 
   
   
 
   Contingent and forward starting resale and securities borrowing agreements 
   
   
 25,348 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   
   
 
   Forward starting repurchase and secured lending agreements 
   
   
 8,939 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   
   
 
   Letters of credit 
   
   
 308 
   
   
   
 21 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 44 
   
 
   
   
 
   Investment commitments 
   
   
 6,713 
   
   
   
 415 
   
   
   
 108 
   
   
   
 1,208 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 5,756 
   
   
   
 200 
   
   
   
 15 
   
   
   
 43 
   
 
   Total commitments 
   
   
 $69,422 
   
   
   
 $25,541 
   
   
   
 $58,535 
   
   
   
 $7,676 
   
   Commitments to Extend Credit  
 The firm’s commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend with fixed termination dates and depend on the satisfaction of all
contractual conditions to borrowing. These commitments are presented net of amounts syndicated to third parties. The total commitment amount does not necessarily reflect actual future cash flows because the firm may syndicate all or substantial
additional portions of these commitments. In addition, commitments can expire unused or be reduced or cancelled at the counterparty’s request.  
 As of December 2016 and December 2015, $98.05 billion and $93.92 billion, respectively, of the firm’s lending
commitments were held for investment and were accounted for on an accrual basis. See Note 9 for further information about such commitments. In addition, as of December 2016 and December 2015, $6.87 billion and $9.92 billion,
respectively, of the firm’s lending commitments were held for sale and were accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value.    The
firm accounts for the remaining commitments to extend credit at fair value. Losses, if any, are generally recorded, net of any fees in “Other principal transactions.”
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 168 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Commercial Lending.  The firm’s commercial lending commitments are extended to investment-grade and non-investment-grade corporate borrowers. Commitments to investment-grade corporate borrowers are principally used for operating
liquidity and general corporate purposes. The firm also extends lending commitments in connection with contingent acquisition financing and other types of corporate lending as well as commercial real estate financing. Commitments that are extended
for contingent acquisition financing are often intended to be short-term in nature, as borrowers often seek to replace them with other funding sources.  
 Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc. (SMFG) provides the firm with credit loss protection on certain approved loan commitments (primarily
investment-grade commercial lending commitments). The notional amount of such loan commitments was $26.88 billion and $27.03 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively. The credit loss protection on loan
commitments provided by SMFG is generally limited to 95% of the first loss the firm realizes on such commitments, up to a maximum of approximately $950 million. In addition, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, upon the
firm’s request, SMFG will provide protection for 70% of additional losses on such commitments, up to a maximum of $1.13 billion, of which $768 million of protection had been provided as of both December 2016 and
December 2015. The firm also uses other financial instruments to mitigate credit risks related to certain commitments not covered by SMFG. These instruments primarily include credit default swaps that reference the same or similar underlying
instrument or entity, or credit default swaps that reference a market index.    Warehouse
Financing.  The firm provides financing to clients who warehouse financial assets. These arrangements are secured by the warehoused assets, primarily consisting of consumer and corporate loans.
   Contingent and Forward Starting Resale and Securities Borrowing Agreements/Forward Starting Repurchase and Secured Lending Agreements
   The firm enters into resale and securities borrowing agreements and repurchase and secured lending agreements that settle at a future
date, generally within three business days. The firm also enters into commitments to provide contingent financing to its clients and counterparties through resale agreements. The firm’s funding of these commitments depends on the satisfaction
of all contractual conditions to the resale agreement and these commitments can expire unused.
 
  Letters of Credit  
 The firm has commitments under letters of credit issued by various banks which the firm provides to counterparties in lieu of securities or
cash to satisfy various collateral and margin deposit requirements.    Investment Commitments  
 The firm’s investment commitments include commitments to invest in private equity, real estate and other assets directly and through funds
that the firm raises and manages. Investment commitments include $2.10 billion and $2.86 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively, related to commitments to invest in funds managed by the firm. If these
commitments are called, they would be funded at market value on the date of investment.    Leases  
 The firm has contractual obligations under long-term noncancelable lease agreements for office space expiring on various dates through 2069.
Certain agreements are subject to periodic escalation provisions for increases in real estate taxes and other charges.    The table below
presents future minimum rental payments, net of minimum sublease rentals.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
     
 As of December 2016 
       
 
   2017 
   
   
 $   290 
    
 
   
   
 
   2018 
   
   
 282 
    
 
   
   
 
   2019 
   
   
 238 
    
 
   
   
 
   2020 
   
   
 206 
    
 
   
   
 
   2021 
   
   
 159 
    
 
   
   
 
   2022 - thereafter 
   
   
 766 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $1,941 
    
   Rent charged to operating expense was $244 million for 2016, $249 million for 2015 and
$309 million for 2014.    Operating leases include office space held in excess of current requirements. Rent expense relating to space
held for growth is included in “Occupancy.” The firm records a liability, based on the fair value of the remaining lease rentals reduced by any potential or existing sublease rentals, for leases where the firm has ceased using the space
and management has concluded that the firm will not derive any future economic benefits. Costs to terminate a lease before the end of its term are recognized and measured at fair value on termination. During 2016, the firm incurred exit costs of
approximately $68 million related to excess office space.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 169 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Contingencies  
 Legal Proceedings.  See Note 27 for information
about legal proceedings, including certain mortgage-related matters, and agreements the firm has entered into to toll the statute of limitations.  
 Certain Mortgage-Related Contingencies.  There are
multiple areas of focus by regulators, governmental agencies and others within the mortgage market that may impact originators, issuers, servicers and investors. There remains significant uncertainty surrounding the nature and extent of any
potential exposure for participants in this market.    The firm has not been a significant originator of residential mortgage loans.
The firm did purchase loans originated by others and generally received loan-level representations. During the period 2005 through 2008, the firm sold approximately $10 billion of loans to government-sponsored enterprises and approximately
$11 billion of loans to other third parties. In addition, the firm transferred $125 billion of loans to trusts and other mortgage securitization vehicles. In connection with both sales of loans and securitizations, the firm provided
loan-level representations and/or assigned the loan-level representations from the party from whom the firm purchased the loans.    The
firm’s exposure to claims for repurchase of residential mortgage loans based on alleged breaches of representations will depend on a number of factors such as the extent to which these claims are made within the statute of limitations, taking
into consideration the agreements to toll the statute of limitations the firm has entered into with trustees representing certain trusts. Based upon the large number of defaults in residential mortgages, including those sold or securitized by the
firm, there is a potential for repurchase claims. However, the firm is not in a position to make a meaningful estimate of that exposure at this time.  
 Other Contingencies.  In connection with the sale of
Metro, the firm agreed to provide indemnities to the buyer, which primarily relate to fundamental representations and warranties, and potential liabilities for legal or regulatory proceedings arising out of the conduct of Metro’s business while
the firm owned it.  
  In connection with the settlement agreement with the RMBS Working Group, the firm agreed to
provide $1.80 billion in consumer relief in the form of principal forgiveness for underwater homeowners and distressed borrowers; financing for construction, rehabilitation and preservation of affordable housing; and support for debt
restructuring, foreclosure prevention and housing quality improvement programs, as well as land banks.    Guarantees  
 The table below presents information about certain derivatives that meet the definition of a guarantee, securities lending indemnifications and
certain other guarantees.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Derivatives 
    
   
       
 Securities lending indemnifications 
          
   
       
 Other financial guarantees 
          
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carrying Value of Net Liability 
   
   
 $    8,873 
    
   
   
 $       — 
    
   
   
 $     50 
    
 
   Maximum Payout/Notional Amount by Period of Expiration 
      
 
   2017 
   
   
 $432,328 
    
   
   
 $33,403 
    
   
   
 $1,064 
    
 
   
   
 
   2018 - 2019 
   
   
 261,676 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 763 
    
 
   
   
 
   2020 - 2021 
   
   
 71,264 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,662 
    
 
   
   
 
   2022 - thereafter 
   
   
 51,506 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 173 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $816,774 
    
   
   
 $33,403 
    
   
   
 $3,662 
    
 
       As of December 2015 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carrying Value of Net Liability 
   
   
 $    8,351 
    
   
   
 $       — 
    
   
   
 $     76 
    
 
   Maximum Payout/Notional Amount by Period of Expiration 
      
 
   2016 
   
   
 $640,288 
    
   
   
 $31,902 
    
   
   
 $   611 
    
 
   
   
 
   2017 - 2018 
   
   
 168,784 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,402 
    
 
   
   
 
   2019 - 2020 
   
   
 67,643 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,772 
    
 
   
   
 
   2021 - thereafter 
   
   
 49,728 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 676 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $926,443 
    
   
   
 $31,902 
    
   
   
 $4,461 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The maximum payout is based on the notional amount of the contract and does not represent anticipated losses.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Amounts exclude certain commitments to issue standby letters of credit that are included in “Commitments
to extend credit.” See the tables in “Commitments” above for a summary of the firm’s commitments.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 170 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Derivative Guarantees.  The firm enters into various derivatives that meet the definition of a guarantee under U.S. GAAP, including written equity and commodity put options, written currency contracts and interest rate caps, floors and
swaptions. These derivatives are risk managed together with derivatives that do not meet the definition of a guarantee, and therefore the amounts in the table above do not reflect the firm’s overall risk related to its derivative activities.
Disclosures about derivatives are not required if they may be cash settled and the firm has no basis to conclude it is probable that the counterparties held the underlying instruments at inception of the contract. The firm has concluded that these
conditions have been met for certain large, internationally active commercial and investment bank counterparties, central clearing counterparties and certain other counterparties. Accordingly, the firm has not included such contracts in the table
above. In addition, see Note 7 for information about credit derivatives that meet the definition of a guarantee, which are not included in the table above.  
 Derivatives are accounted for at fair value and therefore the carrying value is considered the best indication of payment/performance risk for
individual contracts. However, the carrying values in the table above exclude the effect of counterparty and cash collateral netting.    Securities Lending Indemnifications.  The firm, in its capacity as an agency lender, indemnifies most of its securities lending customers against losses incurred in the
event that borrowers do not return securities and the collateral held is insufficient to cover the market value of the securities borrowed. Collateral held by the lenders in connection with securities lending indemnifications was $34.33 billion
and $32.85 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively. Because the contractual nature of these arrangements requires the firm to obtain collateral with a market value that exceeds the value of the securities lent to
the borrower, there is minimal performance risk associated with these guarantees.    Other
Financial Guarantees.  In the ordinary course of business, the firm provides other financial guarantees of the obligations of third parties (e.g., standby letters of credit and other guarantees to
enable clients to complete transactions and fund-related guarantees). These guarantees represent obligations to make payments to beneficiaries if the guaranteed party fails to fulfill its obligation under a contractual arrangement with that
beneficiary.  
  Guarantees of Securities Issued by Trusts.  The firm has established trusts, including Goldman Sachs Capital I, the APEX Trusts, the Murray Street Trust, and other entities for the limited purpose of issuing securities to third parties, lending the
proceeds to the firm and entering into contractual arrangements with the firm and third parties related to this purpose. The firm does not consolidate these entities. See Note 16 for further information about the transactions involving Goldman
Sachs Capital I, the APEX Trusts, and the Murray Street Trust.    The firm effectively provides for the full and unconditional
guarantee of the securities issued by these entities. Timely payment by the firm of amounts due to these entities under the guarantee, borrowing, preferred stock and related contractual arrangements will be sufficient to cover payments due on the
securities issued by these entities.    Management believes that it is unlikely that any circumstances will occur, such as nonperformance on
the part of paying agents or other service providers, that would make it necessary for the firm to make payments related to these entities other than those required under the terms of the guarantee, borrowing, preferred stock and related contractual
arrangements and in connection with certain expenses incurred by these entities.    Indemnities and
Guarantees of Service Providers.  In the ordinary course of business, the firm indemnifies and guarantees certain service providers, such as clearing and custody agents, trustees and
administrators, against specified potential losses in connection with their acting as an agent of, or providing services to, the firm or its affiliates.  
 The firm may also be liable to some clients or other parties for losses arising from its custodial role or caused by acts or omissions of
third-party service providers, including sub-custodians and third-party brokers. In certain cases, the firm has the right to seek indemnification from these third-party service providers for certain relevant losses incurred by the firm. In addition,
the firm is a member of payment, clearing and settlement networks as well as securities exchanges around the world that may require the firm to meet the obligations of such networks and exchanges in the event of member defaults and other loss
scenarios.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 171 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  In connection with the firm’s prime brokerage and clearing businesses, the firm agrees to
clear and settle on behalf of its clients the transactions entered into by them with other brokerage firms. The firm’s obligations in respect of such transactions are secured by the assets in the client’s account as well as any proceeds
received from the transactions cleared and settled by the firm on behalf of the client. In connection with joint venture investments, the firm may issue loan guarantees under which it may be liable in the event of fraud, misappropriation,
environmental liabilities and certain other matters involving the borrower.    The firm is unable to develop an estimate of the maximum
payout under these guarantees and indemnifications. However, management believes that it is unlikely the firm will have to make any material payments under these arrangements, and no material liabilities related to these guarantees and
indemnifications have been recognized in the consolidated statements of financial condition as of December 2016 and December 2015.  
 Other Representations, Warranties and Indemnifications.
 The firm provides representations and warranties to counterparties in connection with a variety of commercial transactions and occasionally indemnifies them against potential losses caused by the
breach of those representations and warranties. The firm may also provide indemnifications protecting against changes in or adverse application of certain U.S. tax laws in connection with ordinary-course transactions such as securities issuances,
borrowings or derivatives.    In addition, the firm may provide indemnifications to some counterparties to protect them in the event
additional taxes are owed or payments are withheld, due either to a change in or an adverse application of certain non-U.S. tax laws.  
 These indemnifications generally are standard contractual terms and are entered into in the ordinary course of business. Generally, there are
no stated or notional amounts included in these indemnifications, and the contingencies triggering the obligation to indemnify are not expected to occur. The firm is unable to develop an estimate of the maximum payout under these guarantees and
indemnifications. However, management believes that it is unlikely the firm will have to make any material payments under these arrangements, and no material liabilities related to these arrangements have been recognized in the consolidated
statements of financial condition as of December 2016 and December 2015.
 
  Guarantees of Subsidiaries.  Group Inc. fully and unconditionally guarantees the securities issued by GS Finance Corp., a wholly-owned finance subsidiary of the firm.  
 Group Inc. has guaranteed the payment obligations of Goldman, Sachs & Co. (GS&Co.) and GS Bank USA, subject to certain exceptions.
   In addition, Group Inc. guarantees many of the obligations of its other consolidated subsidiaries on a transaction-by-transaction basis,
as negotiated with counterparties. Group Inc. is unable to develop an estimate of the maximum payout under its subsidiary guarantees; however, because these guaranteed obligations are also obligations of consolidated subsidiaries, Group Inc.’s
liabilities as guarantor are not separately disclosed.    Note 19.  
 Shareholders’ Equity    Common Equity  
 Dividends declared per common share were $2.60 in 2016, $2.55 in 2015 and $2.25 in 2014. On January 17, 2017, Group Inc. declared a
dividend of $0.65 per common share to be paid on March 30, 2017 to common shareholders of record on March 2, 2017.    The
firm’s share repurchase program is intended to help maintain the appropriate level of common equity. The share repurchase program is effected primarily through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply
with Rule 10b5-1), the amounts and timing of which are determined primarily by the firm’s current and projected capital position, but which may also be influenced by general market conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of
the firm’s common stock. Prior to repurchasing common stock, the firm must receive confirmation that the Federal Reserve Board does not object to such capital actions.  
 The table below presents the amount of common stock repurchased by the firm under the share repurchase program.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 in millions, except per share amounts 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
 2015 
   
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   Common share repurchases 
   
   
 36.6 
   
   
   
 22.1 
   
   
   
 31.8 
   
 
   
   
 
   Average cost per share 
   
   
 $165.88 
   
   
   
 $189.41 
   
   
   
 $171.79 
   
 
   
   
 
   Total cost of common share repurchases 
   
   
 $  6,069 
   
   
   
 $  4,195 
   
   
   
 $  5,469 
   
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 172 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Pursuant to the terms of certain share-based compensation plans, employees may remit shares to
the firm or the firm may cancel RSUs or stock options to satisfy minimum statutory employee tax withholding requirements and the exercise price of stock options. Under these plans, during 2016, 2015 and 2014, 49,374 shares, 35,217 shares and
174,489 shares were remitted with a total value of $7 million, $6 million and $31 million, and the firm cancelled 6.1 million, 5.7 million and 5.8 million of RSUs with a total value of $921 million,
$1.03 billion and $974 million. Under these plans, the firm also cancelled 5.5 million, 2.0 million and 15.6 million of stock options with a total value of $1.11 billion, $406 million and $2.65 billion during
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.    Preferred Equity  
 The tables below present details about the perpetual preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 2016.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Series 
   
     
 Shares Authorized 
       
    
     
 Shares Issued 
       
    
     
 Shares Outstanding 
       
    
       
 Depositary Shares   Per Share 
         
 
   A 
   
   
 50,000 
    
    
   
 30,000 
    
    
   
 29,999 
    
    
   
 1,000 
    
 
   
   
 
   B 
   
   
 50,000 
    
    
   
 32,000 
    
    
   
 32,000 
    
    
   
 1,000 
    
 
   
   
 
   C 
   
   
 25,000 
    
    
   
 8,000 
    
    
   
 8,000 
    
    
   
 1,000 
    
 
   
   
 
   D 
   
   
 60,000 
    
    
   
 54,000 
    
    
   
 53,999 
    
    
   
 1,000 
    
 
   
   
 
   E 
   
   
 17,500 
    
    
   
 7,667 
    
    
   
 7,667 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
 
   
   
 
   F 
   
   
 5,000 
    
    
   
 1,615 
    
    
   
 1,615 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
 
   
   
 
   I 
   
   
 34,500 
    
    
   
 34,000 
    
    
   
 34,000 
    
    
   
 1,000 
    
 
   
   
 
   J 
   
   
 46,000 
    
    
   
 40,000 
    
    
   
 40,000 
    
    
   
 1,000 
    
 
   
   
 
   K 
   
   
 32,200 
    
    
   
 28,000 
    
    
   
 28,000 
    
    
   
 1,000 
    
 
   
   
 
   L 
   
   
 52,000 
    
    
   
 52,000 
    
    
   
 52,000 
    
    
   
 25 
    
 
   
   
 
   M 
   
   
 80,000 
    
    
   
 80,000 
    
    
   
 80,000 
    
    
   
 25 
    
 
   
   
 
   N 
   
   
 31,050 
    
    
   
 27,000 
    
    
   
 27,000 
    
    
   
 1,000 
    
 
   
   
 
   O 
   
   
 26,000 
    
    
   
 26,000 
    
    
   
 26,000 
    
    
   
 25 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 509,250 
    
    
   
 420,282 
    
    
   
 420,280 
    
    
   
   
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Series 
   
   
 Earliest Redemption Date 
    
    
     
 Liquidation Preference 
       
    
         
 Redemption Value   ($ in millions) 
            
 
   A 
   
   
 Currently redeemable 
    
    
   
 $  25,000 
    
    
   
 $     750 
    
 
   
   
 
   B 
   
   
 Currently redeemable 
    
    
   
 25,000 
    
    
   
 800 
    
 
   
   
 
   C 
   
   
 Currently redeemable 
    
    
   
 25,000 
    
    
   
 200 
    
 
   
   
 
   D 
   
   
 Currently redeemable 
    
    
   
 25,000 
    
    
   
 1,350 
    
 
   
   
 
   E 
   
   
 Currently redeemable 
    
    
   
 100,000 
    
    
   
 767 
    
 
   
   
 
   F 
   
   
 Currently redeemable 
    
    
   
 100,000 
    
    
   
 161 
    
 
   
   
 
   I 
   
   
 November 10, 2017 
    
    
   
 25,000 
    
    
   
 850 
    
 
   
   
 
   J 
   
   
 May 10, 2023 
    
    
   
 25,000 
    
    
   
 1,000 
    
 
   
   
 
   K 
   
   
 May 10, 2024 
    
    
   
 25,000 
    
    
   
 700 
    
 
   
   
 
   L 
   
   
 May 10, 2019 
    
    
   
 25,000 
    
    
   
 1,300 
    
 
   
   
 
   M 
   
   
 May 10, 2020 
    
    
   
 25,000 
    
    
   
 2,000 
    
 
   
   
 
   N 
   
   
 May 10, 2021 
    
    
   
 25,000 
    
    
   
 675 
    
 
   
   
 
   O 
   
   
 November 10, 2026 
    
    
   
 25,000 
    
    
   
 650 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 $11,203 
    
   
  In the tables above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   All shares have a par value of $0.01 per share and, where applicable, each share is represented by the
specified number of depositary shares.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The earliest redemption date represents the date on which each share of non-cumulative Preferred Stock is
redeemable at the firm’s option.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The redemption price per share for Series A through F Preferred Stock is the liquidation preference plus
declared and unpaid dividends. The redemption price per share for Series I through O Preferred Stock is the liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends. Each share of non-cumulative Series E and Series F Preferred Stock
issued and outstanding is redeemable at the firm’s option, subject to certain covenant restrictions governing the firm’s ability to redeem the preferred stock without issuing common stock or other instruments with equity-like
characteristics. See Note 16 for information about the replacement capital covenants applicable to the Series E and Series F Preferred Stock.      
 
 
 • 
   
   In February 2016, Group Inc. issued 27,000 shares of Series N perpetual 6.30% Non-Cumulative
Preferred Stock (Series N Preferred Stock).      
 
 
 • 
   
   In July 2016, Group Inc. issued 26,000 shares of Series O perpetual 5.30% Fixed-to-Floating Rate
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock (Series O Preferred Stock).      
 
 
 • 
   
   Prior to redeeming preferred stock, the firm must receive confirmation that the Federal Reserve Board does not
object to such capital actions.      
 
 
 • 
   
   All series of preferred stock are pari passu and have a preference over the firm’s common stock on
liquidation.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Dividends on each series of preferred stock, excluding Series L, Series M and Series O
Preferred Stock, if declared, are payable quarterly in arrears. Dividends on Series L, Series M and Series O Preferred Stock, if declared, are payable semi-annually in arrears from the issuance date to, but excluding,
May 10, 2019, May 10, 2020 and November 10, 2026, respectively, and quarterly thereafter.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The firm’s ability to declare or pay dividends on, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, its common
stock is subject to certain restrictions in the event that the firm fails to pay or set aside full dividends on the preferred stock for the latest completed dividend period.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 173 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  During 2016, the firm delivered a par amount of $1.32 billion (fair value of
$1.04 billion) of APEX to the APEX Trusts in exchange for 9,833 shares of Series E Preferred Stock and 3,385 shares of Series F Preferred Stock for a total redemption value of $1.32 billion (net carrying value of
$1.31 billion). Following the exchange, shares of Series E and Series F Preferred Stock were cancelled. The difference between the fair value of the APEX and the net carrying value of the preferred stock at the time of cancellation
was $266 million for 2016, and was recorded in “Preferred stock dividends,” along with preferred dividends declared on the firm’s preferred stock. See Note 16 for further information about APEX.  
 The table below presents the dividend rates of the firm’s perpetual preferred stock as of December 2016.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Series 
   
   
 Dividend Rate 
   
 
   A 
   
   
 3 month LIBOR + 0.75%, with floor of 3.75% per annum 
   
 
   
   
 
   B 
   
   
 6.20% per annum 
   
 
   
   
 
   C 
   
   
 3 month LIBOR + 0.75%, with floor of 4.00% per annum 
   
 
   
   
 
   D 
   
   
 3 month LIBOR + 0.67%, with floor of 4.00% per annum 
   
 
   
   
 
   E 
   
   
 3 month LIBOR + 0.77%, with floor of 4.00% per annum 
   
 
   
   
 
   F 
   
   
 3 month LIBOR + 0.77%, with floor of 4.00% per annum 
   
 
   
   
 
   I 
   
   
 5.95% per annum 
   
 
   
   
 
   J 
   
   
 5.50% per annum to, but excluding, May 10, 2023; 3 month LIBOR + 3.64% per annum thereafter 
     
 
   
   
 
   K 
   
   
 6.375% per annum to, but excluding, May 10, 2024; 3 month LIBOR + 3.55% per annum thereafter 
     
 
   
   
 
   L 
   
   
 5.70% per annum to, but excluding, May 10, 2019; 3 month LIBOR + 3.884% per annum thereafter 
     
 
   
   
 
   M 
   
   
 5.375% per annum to, but excluding, May 10, 2020; 3 month LIBOR + 3.922% per annum thereafter 
     
 
   
   
 
   N 
   
   
 6.30% per annum 
   
 
   
   
 
   O 
   
   
 5.30% per annum to, but excluding, November 10, 2026; 3 month LIBOR + 3.834% per annum thereafter 
     
   The table below presents preferred dividends declared on the firm’s preferred stock.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   
 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
 2015 
   
   
   
 2014 
   


 
 Series 
   
   per 
 share 
   
   $ in 
  millions 
   
   
   
   per 
 share 
   
   $ in 
  millions 
   
   
   
   per 
 share 
   
     
 $ in    millions 
       
 
   A 
   
 $   953.12 
   
 $  29 
   
 
   
 $   950.52 
   
 $  28 
   
 
   
 $   945.32 
   
   
 $  28 
   
 
   
   
 
   B 
   
 1,550.00 
   
 50 
   
 
   
 1,550.00 
   
 50 
   
 
   
 1,550.00 
   
   
 50 
   
 
   
   
 
   C 
   
 1,016.68 
   
 8 
   
 
   
 1,013.90 
   
 8 
   
 
   
 1,008.34 
   
   
 8 
   
 
   
   
 
   D 
   
 1,016.68 
   
 55 
   
 
   
 1,013.90 
   
 54 
   
 
   
 1,008.34 
   
   
 54 
   
 
   
   
 
   E 
   
 4,066.66 
   
 50 
   
 
   
 4,055.55 
   
 71 
   
 
   
 4,044.44 
   
   
 71 
   
 
   
   
 
   F 
   
 4,066.66 
   
 13 
   
 
   
 4,055.55 
   
 20 
   
 
   
 4,044.44 
   
   
 20 
   
 
   
   
 
   I 
   
 1,487.52 
   
 51 
   
 
   
 1,487.52 
   
 51 
   
 
   
 1,487.52 
   
   
 51 
   
 
   
   
 
   J 
   
 1,375.00 
   
 55 
   
 
   
 1,375.00 
   
 55 
   
 
   
 1,375.00 
   
   
 55 
   
 
   
   
 
   K 
   
 1,593.76 
   
 45 
   
 
   
 1,593.76 
   
 45 
   
 
   
 850.00 
   
   
 24 
   
 
   
   
 
   L 
   
 1,425.00 
   
 74 
   
 
   
 1,425.00 
   
 74 
   
 
   
 760.00 
   
   
 39 
   
 
   
   
 
   M 
   
 1,343.76 
   
 107 
   
 
   
 735.33 
   
 59 
   
 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
   
   
 
   N 
   
 1,124.38 
   
 30 
   
 
   
 — 
   
 — 
   
 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
   
   
 
   O 
   
 379.10 
   
 10 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
   
 $577 
   
   
   
   
   
 $515 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $400 
   
   
  In the table above, the total preferred dividend amounts for Series E and Series F
Preferred Stock for 2016 include prorated dividends of $866.67 per share related to 4,861 shares of Series E Preferred Stock and 1,639 shares of Series F Preferred Stock, which were cancelled during 2016.  
 On January 10, 2017, Group Inc. declared dividends of $239.58, $387.50, $255.56, $255.56, $371.88, $343.75, $398.44 and $393.75 per
share of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series I Preferred Stock, Series J Preferred Stock, Series K Preferred Stock and Series N
Preferred Stock, respectively, to be paid on February 10, 2017 to preferred shareholders of record on January 26, 2017. In addition, the firm declared dividends of $1,000.00 per each share of Series E Preferred Stock and
Series F Preferred Stock, to be paid on March 1, 2017 to preferred shareholders of record on February 14, 2017.    Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Loss    The table below presents accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, by type. In the table below, the
beginning balance of accumulated other comprehensive loss for the current period has been adjusted to reflect the impact of reclassifying the cumulative debt valuation adjustment, net of tax, from retained earnings to accumulated other comprehensive
loss. See Note 3 for further information about the adoption of ASU No. 2016-01. See Note 8 for further information about the debt valuation adjustment.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Beginning balance 
     
   
   
 Other comprehensive income/(loss) adjustments, net of tax 
           
   
   
 Ending balance 
     
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Currency translation 
   
   
 $(587 
 )  
   
   
 $  (60 
 )  
   
   
 $   (647 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Debt valuation adjustment 
   
   
 305 
   
   
   
 (544 
 )  
   
   
 (239 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Pension and postretirement liabilities 
   
   
 (131 
 )  
   
   
 (199 
 )  
   
   
 (330 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
   
 $(413 
 )  
   
   
 $(803 
 )  
   
   
 $(1,216 
 )  
 
       As of December 2015 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Currency translation 
   
   
 $(473 
 )  
   
   
 $(114 
 )  
   
   
 $   (587 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Pension and postretirement liabilities 
   
   
 (270 
 )  
   
   
 139 
   
   
   
 (131 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
   
 $(743 
 )  
   
   
 $   25 
   
   
   
 $   (718 
 )  
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 174 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  Note 20.  
 Regulation and Capital Adequacy  
   
  The Federal Reserve Board is the primary regulator of Group Inc., a bank holding company under
the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (BHC Act) and a financial holding company under amendments to the BHC Act. As a bank holding company, the firm is subject to consolidated regulatory capital requirements which are calculated in accordance with
the revised risk-based capital and leverage regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, subject to certain transitional provisions (Revised Capital Framework).  
 The risk-based capital requirements are expressed as capital ratios that compare measures of regulatory capital to risk-weighted assets (RWAs).
Failure to comply with these capital requirements could result in restrictions being imposed by the firm’s regulators. The firm’s capital levels are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components of capital, risk
weightings and other factors. Furthermore, certain of the firm’s subsidiaries are subject to separate regulations and capital requirements as described below.  
 Capital Framework    The regulations under the Revised
Capital Framework are largely based on the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision’s (Basel Committee) capital framework for strengthening international capital standards (Basel III) and also implement certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank
Act. Under the Revised Capital Framework, the firm is an “Advanced approach” banking organization.    The firm calculates its
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1), Tier 1 capital and Total capital ratios in accordance with (i) the Standardized approach and market risk rules set out in the Revised Capital Framework (together, the Standardized Capital Rules) and
(ii) the Advanced approach and market risk rules set out in the Revised Capital Framework (together, the Basel III Advanced Rules). The lower of each ratio calculated in (i) and (ii) is the ratio against which the firm’s
compliance with its minimum ratio requirements is assessed. Each of the ratios calculated in accordance with the Basel III Advanced Rules was lower than that calculated in accordance with the Standardized Capital Rules and therefore the
Basel III Advanced ratios were the ratios that applied to the firm as of December 2016 and December 2015. The capital ratios that apply to the firm can change in future reporting periods as a result of these regulatory requirements.
 
  Regulatory Capital and Capital Ratios.  The table below presents the minimum ratios required for the firm.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
   
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   CET1 ratio 
   
   
 5.875% 
    
    
   
 4.5% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Tier 1 capital ratio 
   
   
 7.375% 
    
    
   
 6.0% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Total capital ratio 
   
   
 9.375% 
    
    
   
 8.0% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Tier 1 leverage ratio 
   
   
 4.000% 
    
    
   
 4.0% 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The minimum ratios as of December 2016 reflect (i) the 25% phase-in of the capital conservation
buffer (0.625%), (ii) the 25% phase-in of the Global Systemically Important Bank (G-SIB) buffer (0.75%), and (iii) the counter-cyclical capital buffer of zero percent, each described below.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   In order to meet the quantitative requirements for being “well-capitalized” under the Federal
Reserve Board’s regulations, the firm must meet a higher required minimum Total capital ratio of 10.0%.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Tier 1 leverage ratio is defined as Tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average adjusted total
assets (which includes adjustments for goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, and certain investments in nonconsolidated financial institutions).  
 Certain aspects of the Revised Capital Framework’s requirements phase in over time (transitional provisions). These include capital
buffers and certain deductions from regulatory capital (such as investments in nonconsolidated financial institutions). These deductions from regulatory capital are required to be phased in ratably per year from 2014 to 2018, with residual amounts
not deducted during the transitional period subject to risk weighting. In addition, junior subordinated debt issued to trusts is being phased out of regulatory capital. The minimum CET1, Tier 1 and Total capital ratios that apply to the firm
will increase as the capital buffers are phased in.    The capital conservation buffer, which consists entirely of capital that qualifies as
CET1, began to phase in on January 1, 2016 and will continue to do so in increments of 0.625% per year until it reaches 2.5% of RWAs on January 1, 2019.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 175 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The G-SIB buffer, which is an extension of the capital conservation buffer, phases in ratably,
beginning on January 1, 2016, becoming fully effective on January 1, 2019, and must consist entirely of capital that qualifies as CET1. The buffer must be calculated using two methodologies, the higher of which is reflected in the
firm’s minimum risk-based capital ratios. The first calculation is based upon the Basel Committee’s methodology which, among other factors, relies upon measures of the size, activity and complexity of each G-SIB (Method One). The second
calculation uses similar inputs, but it includes a measure of reliance on short-term wholesale funding (Method Two). The firm’s G-SIB buffer is 3.0%, using financial data primarily as of December 2014. The buffer will be updated annually
based on financial data as of the end of the prior year, and will be applicable for the following year.    The Revised Capital Framework also
provides for a counter-cyclical capital buffer, which is an extension of the capital conservation buffer, of up to 2.5% (consisting entirely of CET1) intended to counteract systemic vulnerabilities. As of December 2016 the Federal Reserve Board has
set the counter-cyclical capital buffer at zero percent.    Failure to meet the capital levels inclusive of the buffers could result in
limitations on the firm’s ability to distribute capital, including share repurchases and dividend payments, and to make certain discretionary compensation payments.  
 Definition of Risk-Weighted Assets.  RWAs are calculated
in accordance with both the Standardized Capital Rules and the Basel III Advanced Rules. The following is a comparison of RWA calculations under these rules:      
 
 
 • 
   
   RWAs for credit risk in accordance with the Standardized Capital Rules are calculated in a different manner
than the Basel III Advanced Rules. The primary difference is that the Standardized Capital Rules do not contemplate the use of internal models to compute exposure for credit risk on derivatives and securities financing transactions, whereas the
Basel III Advanced Rules permit the use of such models, subject to supervisory approval. In addition, credit RWAs calculated in accordance with the Standardized Capital Rules utilize prescribed risk-weights which depend largely on the type of
counterparty, rather than on internal assessments of the creditworthiness of such counterparties;      
 
 
 • 
   
   RWAs for market risk in accordance with the Standardized Capital Rules and the Basel III Advanced Rules
are generally consistent; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   RWAs for operational risk are not required by the Standardized Capital Rules, whereas the Basel III
Advanced Rules do include such a requirement.
 
  Credit Risk  
 Credit RWAs are calculated based upon measures of exposure, which are then risk weighted. The following is a description of the calculation of
credit RWAs in accordance with the Standardized Capital Rules and the Basel III Advanced Rules:      
 
 
 • 
   
   For credit RWAs calculated in accordance with the Standardized Capital Rules, the firm utilizes prescribed
risk-weights which depend largely on the type of counterparty (e.g., whether the counterparty is a sovereign, bank, broker-dealer or other entity). The exposure measure for derivatives is based on a combination of positive net current exposure and a
percentage of the notional amount of each derivative. The exposure measure for securities financing transactions is calculated to reflect adjustments for potential price volatility, the size of which depends on factors such as the type and maturity
of the security, and whether it is denominated in the same currency as the other side of the financing transaction. The firm utilizes specific required formulaic approaches to measure exposure for securitizations and equities; and
     
 
 
 • 
   
   For credit RWAs calculated in accordance with the Basel III Advanced Rules, the firm has been given
permission by its regulators to compute risk-weights for wholesale and retail credit exposures in accordance with the Advanced Internal Ratings-Based approach. This approach is based on internal assessments of the creditworthiness of counterparties,
with key inputs being the probability of default, loss given default and the effective maturity. The firm utilizes internal models to measure exposure for derivatives, securities financing transactions and eligible margin loans. The Revised Capital
Framework requires that a bank holding company obtain prior written agreement from its regulators before using internal models for such purposes. The firm utilizes specific required formulaic approaches to measure exposure for securitizations and
equities.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 176 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Market Risk  
 Market RWAs are calculated based on measures of exposure which include Value-at-Risk (VaR), stressed VaR, incremental risk and comprehensive
risk based on internal models, and a standardized measurement method for specific risk. The market risk regulatory capital rules require that a bank holding company obtain prior written agreement from its regulators before using any internal model
to calculate its risk-based capital requirement. The following is further information regarding the measures of exposure for market RWAs calculated in accordance with the Standardized Capital Rules and Basel III Advanced Rules:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   VaR is the potential loss in value of inventory positions, as well as certain other financial assets and
financial liabilities, due to adverse market movements over a defined time horizon with a specified confidence level. For both risk management purposes and regulatory capital calculations the firm uses a single VaR model which captures risks
including those related to interest rates, equity prices, currency rates and commodity prices. However, VaR used for regulatory capital requirements (regulatory VaR) differs from risk management VaR due to different time horizons and confidence
levels (10-day and 99% for regulatory VaR vs. one-day and 95% for risk management VaR), as well as differences in the scope of positions on which VaR is calculated. In addition, the daily trading net revenues used to determine risk management VaR
exceptions (i.e., comparing the daily trading net revenues to the VaR measure calculated as of the end of the prior business day) include intraday activity, whereas the Federal Reserve Board’s regulatory capital rules require that intraday
activity be excluded from daily trading net revenues when calculating regulatory VaR exceptions. Intraday activity includes bid/offer net revenues, which are more likely than not to be positive by their nature. As a result, there may be differences
in the number of VaR exceptions and the amount of daily trading net revenues calculated for regulatory VaR compared to the amounts calculated for risk management VaR. The firm’s positional losses observed on a single day exceeded its 99%
one-day regulatory VaR on two occasions during 2016 and did not exceed its 99% one-day regulatory VaR during 2015. There was no change in the VaR multiplier used to calculate Market RWAs;
 

 
 
 • 
   
   Stressed VaR is the potential loss in value of inventory positions, as well as certain other financial assets
and financial liabilities, during a period of significant market stress;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Incremental risk is the potential loss in value of non-securitized inventory positions due to the default or
credit migration of issuers of financial instruments over a one-year time horizon;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Comprehensive risk is the potential loss in value, due to price risk and defaults, within the firm’s
credit correlation positions; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   Specific risk is the risk of loss on a position that could result from factors other than broad market
movements, including event risk, default risk and idiosyncratic risk. The standardized measurement method is used to determine specific risk RWAs, by applying supervisory defined risk-weighting factors after applicable netting is performed.
   Operational Risk  
 Operational RWAs are only required to be included under the Basel III Advanced Rules. The firm has been given permission by its regulators
to calculate operational RWAs in accordance with the “Advanced Measurement Approach,” and therefore utilizes an internal risk-based model to quantify Operational RWAs.  
 Consolidated Regulatory Capital Ratios    Capital Ratios and RWAs.  Each of the ratios calculated in accordance with the Basel III Advanced Rules was lower than that calculated in accordance with the
Standardized Rules as of December 2016 and December 2015, and therefore such lower ratios applied to the firm as of these dates.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 177 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The table below presents the ratios calculated in accordance with both the Standardized and
Basel III Advanced Rules.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
   
   
 2015 
    
 
   Common shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 $  75,690 
    
   
   
 $  75,528 
    
 
   
   
 
   Deductions for goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net of deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 (2,874 
 )  
   
   
 (2,814 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Deductions for investments in nonconsolidated financial institutions 
   
   
 (424 
 )  
   
   
 (864 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Other adjustments 
   
   
 (346 
 )  
   
   
 (487 
 )  
 
   Common Equity Tier 1 
   
   
 72,046 
    
   
   
 71,363 
    
 
   Preferred stock 
   
   
 11,203 
    
   
   
 11,200 
    
 
   
   
 
   Junior subordinated debt issued to trusts 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 330 
    
 
   
   
 
   Deduction for investments in covered funds 
   
   
 (445 
 )  
   
   
 (413 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Other adjustments 
   
   
 (364 
 )  
   
   
 (969 
 )  
 
   Tier 1 capital 
   
   
 $  82,440 
    
   
   
 $  81,511 
    
 
   Standardized Tier 2 and Total capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tier 1 capital 
   
   
 $  82,440 
    
   
   
 $  81,511 
    
 
   
   
 
   Qualifying subordinated debt 
   
   
 14,566 
    
   
   
 15,132 
    
 
   
   
 
   Junior subordinated debt issued to trusts 
   
   
 792 
    
   
   
 990 
    
 
   
   
 
   Allowance for losses on loans and lending commitments 
   
   
 722 
    
   
   
 602 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other adjustments 
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (19 
 )  
 
   Standardized Tier 2 capital 
   
   
 16,074 
    
   
   
 16,705 
    
 
   Standardized Total capital 
   
   
 $  98,514 
    
   
   
 $  98,216 
    
 
   Basel III Advanced Tier 2 and Total capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tier 1 capital 
   
   
 $  82,440 
    
   
   
 $  81,511 
    
 
   
   
 
   Standardized Tier 2 capital 
   
   
 16,074 
    
   
   
 16,705 
    
 
   
   
 
   Allowance for losses on loans and lending commitments 
   
   
 (722 
 )  
   
   
 (602 
 )  
 
   Basel III Advanced Tier 2 capital 
   
   
 15,352 
    
   
   
 16,103 
    
 
   Basel III Advanced Total capital 
   
   
 $  97,792 
    
   
   
 $  97,614 
    
 
       RWAs 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Standardized 
   
   
 $496,676 
    
   
   
 $524,107 
    
 
   
   
 
   Basel III Advanced 
   
   
 549,650 
    
   
   
 577,651 
    
 
       CET1 ratio 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Standardized 
   
   
 14.5% 
    
   
   
 13.6% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Basel III Advanced 
   
   
 13.1% 
    
   
   
 12.4% 
    
 
       Tier 1 capital ratio 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Standardized 
   
   
 16.6% 
    
   
   
 15.6% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Basel III Advanced 
   
   
 15.0% 
    
   
   
 14.1% 
    
 
       Total capital ratio 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Standardized 
   
   
 19.8% 
    
   
   
 18.7% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Basel III Advanced 
   
   
 17.8% 
    
   
   
 16.9% 
    
 
     
 Tier 1 leverage ratio 
   
   
 9.4% 
    
   
   
 9.3% 
    
   
  In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The deductions for goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, include
goodwill of $3.67 billion and $3.66 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively, and identifiable intangible assets of $257 million (60% of $429 million) and $196 million (40% of $491 million)
as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively, net of associated deferred tax liabilities of $1.05 billion and $1.04 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively. Goodwill is fully deducted from
CET1, while the deduction for identifiable intangible assets is required to be phased into CET1 ratably over five years from 2014 to 2018. The balance that is not deducted during the transitional period is risk weighted.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The deductions for investments in nonconsolidated financial institutions represent the amount by which the
firm’s investments in the capital of nonconsolidated financial institutions exceed certain prescribed thresholds. The deduction for such investments is required to be phased into CET1 ratably over five years from 2014 to 2018. As of
December 2016 and December 2015, CET1 reflects 60% and 40% of the deduction, respectively. The balance that is not deducted during the transitional period is risk weighted.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The deduction for investments in covered funds represents the firm’s aggregate investments in applicable
covered funds, as permitted by the Volcker Rule, that were purchased after December 2013. Substantially all of these investments in covered funds were purchased in connection with the firm’s market-making activities. This deduction was not
subject to a transition period. See Note 6 for further information about the Volcker Rule.     
 
 
 • 
   
   Other adjustments within CET1 and Tier 1 capital primarily include accumulated other comprehensive loss,
credit valuation adjustments on derivative liabilities, the overfunded portion of the firm’s defined benefit pension plan obligation net of associated deferred tax liabilities, disallowed deferred tax assets and other required credit risk-based
deductions. The deductions for such items are generally required to be phased into CET1 ratably over five years from 2014 to 2018. As of December 2016 and December 2015, CET1 reflects 60% and 40% of such deductions, respectively. The
balance that is not deducted from CET1 during the transitional period is generally deducted from Tier 1 capital within other adjustments.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 178 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 

 
 
 • 
   
   As of December 2016, junior subordinated debt issued to trusts is fully phased out of Tier 1
capital, with 60% included in Tier 2 capital and 40% fully phased out of regulatory capital. As of December 2015, junior subordinated debt issued to trusts is reflected in both Tier 1 capital (25%) and Tier 2 capital (75%).
Junior subordinated debt issued to trusts is reduced by the amount of trust preferred securities purchased by the firm and will be fully phased out of Tier 2 capital by 2022 at a rate of 10% per year. See Note 16 for additional
information about the firm’s junior subordinated debt issued to trusts and trust preferred securities purchased by the firm.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Qualifying subordinated debt is subordinated debt issued by Group Inc. with an original maturity of five years
or greater. The outstanding amount of subordinated debt qualifying for Tier 2 capital is reduced upon reaching a remaining maturity of five years. See Note 16 for additional information about the firm’s subordinated debt.
   The tables below present changes in CET1, Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital for the year ended
December 2016 and year ended December 2015.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   Year Ended 
 December 2016 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Standardized 
   
   
     
 Basel III   Advanced 
       
 
   Common Equity Tier 1 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $71,363 
   
   
   
 $71,363 
   
 
   
   
 
   Change in common shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 162 
   
   
   
 162 
   
 
   
   
 
   Change in deductions for: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Transitional provisions 
   
   
 (839 
 )  
   
   
 (839 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net of deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 16 
   
   
   
 16 
   
 
   
   
 
   Investments in nonconsolidated financial institutions 
   
   
 895 
   
   
   
 895 
   
 
   
   
 
   Change in other adjustments 
   
   
 449 
   
   
   
 449 
   
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $72,046 
   
   
   
 $72,046 
   
 
   Tier 1 capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $81,511 
   
   
   
 $81,511 
   
 
   
   
 
   Change in deductions for: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Transitional provisions 
   
   
 (558 
 )  
   
   
 (558 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Investments in covered funds 
   
   
 (32 
 )  
   
   
 (32 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Other net increase in CET1 
   
   
 1,522 
   
   
   
 1,522 
   
 
   
   
 
   Redesignation of junior subordinated debt issued to trusts 
   
   
 (330 
 )  
   
   
 (330 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Change in preferred stock 
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 3 
   
 
   
   
 
   Change in other adjustments 
   
   
 324 
   
   
   
 324 
   
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 82,440 
   
   
   
 82,440 
   
 
   Tier 2 capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 16,705 
   
   
   
 16,103 
   
 
   
   
 
   Change in qualifying subordinated debt 
   
   
 (566 
 )  
   
   
 (566 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Redesignation of junior subordinated debt issued to trusts 
   
   
 (198 
 )  
   
   
 (198 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Change in the allowance for losses on loans and lending commitments 
   
   
 120 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   
   
 
   Change in other adjustments 
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 13 
   
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 16,074 
   
   
   
 15,352 
   
 
   Total capital 
   
   
 $98,514 
   
   
   
 $97,792 
   
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   Year Ended 
 December 2015 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Standardized 
   
   
     
 Basel III   Advanced 
       
 
   Common Equity Tier 1 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $69,830 
   
   
   
 $69,830 
   
 
   
   
 
   Change in common shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 1,931 
   
   
   
 1,931 
   
 
   
   
 
   Change in deductions for: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Transitional provisions 
   
   
 (1,368 
 )  
   
   
 (1,368 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net of deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 75 
   
   
   
 75 
   
 
   
   
 
   Investments in nonconsolidated financial institutions 
   
   
 1,059 
   
   
   
 1,059 
   
 
   
   
 
   Change in other adjustments 
   
   
 (164 
 )  
   
   
 (164 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $71,363 
   
   
   
 $71,363 
   
 
   Tier 1 capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $78,433 
   
   
   
 $78,433 
   
 
   
   
 
   Change in deductions for: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Transitional provisions 
   
   
 (1,073 
 )  
   
   
 (1,073 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Investments in covered funds 
   
   
 (413 
 )  
   
   
 (413 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Other net increase in CET1 
   
   
 2,901 
   
   
   
 2,901 
   
 
   
   
 
   Redesignation of junior subordinated debt issued to trusts 
   
   
 (330 
 )  
   
   
 (330 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Change in preferred stock 
   
   
 2,000 
   
   
   
 2,000 
   
 
   
   
 
   Change in other adjustments 
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (7 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 81,511 
   
   
   
 81,511 
   
 
   Tier 2 capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 12,861 
   
   
   
 12,545 
   
 
   
   
 
   Increased deductions for transitional provisions 
   
   
 (53 
 )  
   
   
 (53 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Change in qualifying subordinated debt 
   
   
 3,238 
   
   
   
 3,238 
   
 
   
   
 
   Redesignation of junior subordinated debt issued to trusts 
   
   
 330 
   
   
   
 330 
   
 
   
   
 
   Change in the allowance for losses on loans and lending commitments 
   
   
 286 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   
   
 
   Change in other adjustments 
   
   
 43 
   
   
   
 43 
   
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 16,705 
   
   
   
 16,103 
   
 
   Total capital 
   
   
 $98,216 
   
   
   
 $97,614 
   
   The change in deductions for transitional provisions in the tables above represent the increased phase-in of
deductions from 40% to 60% (effective January 1, 2016) for the year ended December 2016 and from 20% to 40% (effective January 1, 2015) for the year ended December 2015.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 179 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The tables below present the components of RWAs calculated in accordance with the Standardized
and Basel III Advanced Rules.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Standardized Capital Rules as of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Credit RWAs 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives 
   
   
 $124,286 
    
    
   
 $136,841 
    
 
   
   
 
   Commitments, guarantees and loans 
   
   
 115,744 
    
    
   
 111,391 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities financing transactions 
   
   
 71,319 
    
    
   
 71,392 
    
 
   
   
 
   Equity investments 
   
   
 41,428 
    
    
   
 37,687 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 58,636 
    
    
   
 62,807 
    
 
   Total Credit RWAs 
   
   
 411,413 
    
    
   
 420,118 
    
 
   Market RWAs 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Regulatory VaR 
   
   
 9,750 
    
    
   
 12,000 
    
 
   
   
 
   Stressed VaR 
   
   
 22,475 
    
    
   
 21,738 
    
 
   
   
 
   Incremental risk 
   
   
 7,875 
    
    
   
 9,513 
    
 
   
   
 
   Comprehensive risk 
   
   
 5,338 
    
    
   
 5,725 
    
 
   
   
 
   Specific risk 
   
   
 39,825 
    
    
   
 55,013 
    
 
   Total Market RWAs 
   
   
 85,263 
    
    
   
 103,989 
    
 
   Total RWAs 
   
   
 $496,676 
    
    
   
 $524,107 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Basel III Advanced Rules as of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Credit RWAs 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives 
   
   
 $105,096 
    
    
   
 $113,671 
    
 
   
   
 
   Commitments, guarantees and loans 
   
   
 122,792 
    
    
   
 114,523 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities financing transactions 
   
   
 14,673 
    
    
   
 14,901 
    
 
   
   
 
   Equity investments 
   
   
 44,095 
    
    
   
 40,110 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 63,431 
    
    
   
 60,877 
    
 
   Total Credit RWAs 
   
   
 350,087 
    
    
   
 344,082 
    
 
   Market RWAs 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Regulatory VaR 
   
   
 9,750 
    
    
   
 12,000 
    
 
   
   
 
   Stressed VaR 
   
   
 22,475 
    
    
   
 21,738 
    
 
   
   
 
   Incremental risk 
   
   
 7,875 
    
    
   
 9,513 
    
 
   
   
 
   Comprehensive risk 
   
   
 4,550 
    
    
   
 4,717 
    
 
   
   
 
   Specific risk 
   
   
 39,825 
    
    
   
 55,013 
    
 
   Total Market RWAs 
   
   
 84,475 
    
    
   
 102,981 
    
 
   Total Operational RWAs 
   
   
 115,088 
    
    
   
 130,588 
    
 
   Total RWAs 
   
   
 $549,650 
    
    
   
 $577,651 
    
   In the tables above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Securities financing transactions represent resale and repurchase agreements and securities borrowed and
loaned transactions.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Other primarily includes receivables, other assets, and cash and cash equivalents.  
 The table below presents changes in RWAs calculated in accordance with the Standardized and Basel III Advanced Rules for the year ended
December 2016. The increased deductions for transitional provisions represent the increased phase-in of deductions from 40% to 60%, effective January 1, 2016.
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 2016 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Standardized 
    
   
       
 Basel III   Advanced 
         
 
   Risk-Weighted Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $524,107 
    
   
   
 $577,651 
    
 
   
   
 
   Credit RWAs 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Change in deductions for transitional provisions 
   
   
 (531 
 )  
   
   
 (531 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Change in: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives 
   
   
 (12,555 
 )  
   
   
 (8,575 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Commitments, guarantees and loans 
   
   
 4,353 
    
   
   
 8,269 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities financing transactions 
   
   
 (73 
 )  
   
   
 (228 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Equity investments 
   
   
 4,196 
    
   
   
 4,440 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 (4,095 
 )  
   
   
 2,630 
    
 
   Change in Credit RWAs 
   
   
 (8,705 
 )  
   
   
 6,005 
    
 
   Market RWAs 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Change in: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Regulatory VaR 
   
   
 (2,250 
 )  
   
   
 (2,250 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Stressed VaR 
   
   
 737 
    
   
   
 737 
    
 
   
   
 
   Incremental risk 
   
   
 (1,638 
 )  
   
   
 (1,638 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Comprehensive risk 
   
   
 (387 
 )  
   
   
 (167 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Specific risk 
   
   
 (15,188 
 )  
   
   
 (15,188 
 )  
 
   Change in Market RWAs 
   
   
 (18,726 
 )  
   
   
 (18,506 
 )  
 
   Operational RWAs 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Change in operational risk 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (15,500 
 )  
 
   Change in Operational RWAs 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (15,500 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $496,676 
    
   
   
 $549,650 
    
   Standardized Credit RWAs as of December 2016 decreased by $8.71 billion compared with
December 2015, primarily reflecting a decrease in derivatives, principally due to reduced exposures, and a decrease in receivables included in other credit RWAs reflecting the impact of firm and client activity. This decrease was partially
offset by increases in commitments, guarantees and loans principally due to increased lending activity and equity investments, principally due to increased exposures and the impact of market movements. Standardized Market RWAs as of
December 2016 decreased by $18.73 billion compared with December 2015, primarily reflecting a decrease in specific risk as a result of reduced risk exposures.  
 Basel III Advanced Credit RWAs as of December 2016 increased by $6.01 billion compared with December 2015, primarily
reflecting an increase in commitments, guarantees and loans principally due to increased lending activity, and an increase in equity investments, principally due to increased exposures and the impact of market movements. These increases were
partially offset by a decrease in derivatives, principally due to lower counterparty credit risk and reduced exposure. Basel III Advanced Market RWAs as of December 2016 decreased by $18.51 billion compared with December 2015,
primarily reflecting a decrease in specific risk as a result of reduced risk exposures. Basel III Advanced Operational RWAs as of December 2016 decreased by $15.50 billion compared with December 2015, reflecting a decrease in the
frequency of certain events incorporated within the firm’s risk-based model.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 180 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The table below presents changes in RWAs calculated in accordance with the Standardized and
Basel III Advanced Rules for the year ended December 2015. The increased deductions for transitional provisions represent the increased phase-in of deductions from 20% to 40%, effective January 1, 2015.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 2015 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Standardized 
   
   
     
 Basel III   Advanced 
       
 
   Risk-Weighted Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $619,216 
   
   
   
 $570,313 
   
 
   
   
 
   Credit RWAs 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Change in deductions for transitional provisions 
   
   
 (1,073 
 )  
   
   
 (1,073 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Change in: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives 
   
   
 (43,930 
 )  
   
   
 (8,830 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Commitments, guarantees and loans 
   
   
 21,608 
   
   
   
 19,314 
   
 
   
   
 
   Securities financing transactions 
   
   
 (20,724 
 )  
   
   
 (717 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Equity investments 
   
   
 131 
   
   
   
 934 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 (8,589 
 )  
   
   
 6,510 
   
 
   Change in Credit RWAs 
   
   
 (52,577 
 )  
   
   
 16,138 
   
 
   Market RWAs 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Change in: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Regulatory VaR 
   
   
 1,762 
   
   
   
 1,762 
   
 
   
   
 
   Stressed VaR 
   
   
 (7,887 
 )  
   
   
 (7,887 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Incremental risk 
   
   
 (7,437 
 )  
   
   
 (7,437 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Comprehensive risk 
   
   
 (4,130 
 )  
   
   
 (3,433 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Specific risk 
   
   
 (24,840 
 )  
   
   
 (24,905 
 )  
 
   Change in Market RWAs 
   
   
 (42,532 
 )  
   
   
 (41,900 
 )  
 
   Operational RWAs 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Change in operational risk 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 33,100 
   
 
   Change in Operational RWAs 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 33,100 
   
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $524,107 
   
   
   
 $577,651 
   
   Standardized Credit RWAs as of December 2015 decreased by $52.58 billion compared with
December 2014, reflecting decreases in derivatives and securities financing transactions, primarily due to lower exposures. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in lending activity. Standardized Market RWAs as of
December 2015 decreased by $42.53 billion compared with December 2014, primarily due to decreased specific risk, as a result of reduced risk exposures.  
 Basel III Advanced Credit RWAs as of December 2015 increased by $16.14 billion compared with December 2014, primarily
reflecting an increase in lending activity. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in RWAs related to derivatives, due to lower counterparty credit risk. Basel III Advanced Market RWAs as of December 2015 decreased by
$41.90 billion compared with December 2014, primarily due to decreased specific risk, as a result of reduced risk exposures. Basel III Advanced Operational RWAs as of December 2015 increased by $33.10 billion compared with
December 2014, substantially all of which is associated with mortgage-related legal matters and regulatory proceedings.
 
  See “Definition of Risk-Weighted Assets” above for a description of the calculations
of Credit RWAs, Market RWAs and Operational RWAs, including the differences in the calculation of Credit RWAs under each of the Standardized Capital Rules and the Basel III Advanced Rules.  
 Bank Subsidiaries  
 Regulatory Capital Ratios.  GS Bank USA, an
FDIC-insured, New York State-chartered bank and a member of the Federal Reserve System, is supervised and regulated by the Federal Reserve Board, the FDIC, the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) and the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau, and is subject to regulatory capital requirements that are calculated in substantially the same manner as those applicable to bank holding companies. For purposes of assessing the adequacy of its capital, GS Bank USA calculates
its capital ratios in accordance with the risk-based capital and leverage requirements applicable to state member banks. Those requirements are based on the Revised Capital Framework described above. GS Bank USA is an Advanced approach banking
organization under the Revised Capital Framework.    Under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action applicable to GS Bank
USA, in order to meet the quantitative requirements for being a “well-capitalized” depository institution, GS Bank USA must meet higher minimum requirements than the minimum ratios in the table below. The table below presents the minimum
ratios and the “well-capitalized” minimum ratios required for GS Bank USA.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
   
   
 Minimum Ratio as of December 
   
   
     
 “Well-capitalized” 
 Minimum Ratio 
       
 
   
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 
   CET1 ratio 
   
   
 5.125% 
   
   
   
 4.5% 
   
   
   
 6.5% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Tier 1 capital ratio 
   
   
 6.625% 
   
   
   
 6.0% 
   
   
   
 8.0% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Total capital ratio 
   
   
 8.625% 
   
   
   
 8.0% 
   
   
   
 10.0% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Tier 1 leverage ratio 
   
   
 4.000% 
   
   
   
 4.0% 
   
   
   
 5.0% 
   
   GS Bank USA was in compliance with its minimum capital requirements and the “well-capitalized”
minimum ratios as of December 2016 and December 2015. In the table above, the minimum ratios as of December 2016 reflect the 25% phase-in of the capital conservation buffer (0.625%) and the counter-cyclical capital buffer described
above (0%). GS Bank USA’s capital levels and prompt corrective action classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components of capital, risk weightings and other factors. Failure to comply with these
capital requirements, including a breach of the buffers discussed above, could result in restrictions being imposed by GS Bank USA’s regulators.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 181 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Similar to the firm, GS Bank USA is required to calculate each of the CET1, Tier 1 capital
and Total capital ratios in accordance with both the Standardized Capital Rules and Basel III Advanced Rules. The lower of each ratio calculated in accordance with the Standardized Capital Rules and Basel III Advanced Rules is the ratio
against which GS Bank USA’s compliance with its minimum ratio requirements is assessed. Each of the ratios calculated in accordance with the Standardized Capital Rules was lower than that calculated in accordance with the Basel III
Advanced Rules and therefore the Standardized Capital ratios were the ratios that applied to GS Bank USA as of December 2016 and December 2015. The capital ratios that apply to GS Bank USA can change in future reporting periods as a result
of these regulatory requirements.    The table below presents the ratios for GS Bank USA calculated in accordance with both the Standardized
and Basel III Advanced Rules.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Standardized 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common Equity Tier 1 
   
   
 $  24,485 
    
    
   
 $  23,017 
    
 
       Tier 1 capital 
   
   
 24,485 
    
    
   
 23,017 
    
 
   
   
 
   Tier 2 capital 
   
   
 2,382 
    
    
   
 2,311 
    
 
   Total capital 
   
   
 $  26,867 
    
    
   
 $  25,328 
    
 
       Basel III Advanced 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common Equity Tier 1 
   
   
 $  24,485 
    
    
   
 $  23,017 
    
 
       Tier 1 capital 
   
   
 24,485 
    
    
   
 23,017 
    
 
   
   
 
   Standardized Tier 2 capital 
   
   
 2,382 
    
    
   
 2,311 
    
 
   
   
 
   Allowance for losses on loans and lending commitments 
   
   
 (382 
 )  
    
   
 (311 
 )  
 
   Tier 2 capital 
   
   
 2,000 
    
    
   
 2,000 
    
 
   Total capital 
   
   
 $  26,485 
    
    
   
 $  25,017 
    
 
       RWAs 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Standardized 
   
   
 $204,232 
    
    
   
 $202,197 
    
 
   
   
 
   Basel III Advanced 
   
   
 131,051 
    
    
   
 131,059 
    
 
       CET1 ratio 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Standardized 
   
   
 12.0% 
    
    
   
 11.4% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Basel III Advanced 
   
   
 18.7% 
    
    
   
 17.6% 
    
 
       Tier 1 capital ratio 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Standardized 
   
   
 12.0% 
    
    
   
 11.4% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Basel III Advanced 
   
   
 18.7% 
    
    
   
 17.6% 
    
 
       Total capital ratio 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Standardized 
   
   
 13.2% 
    
    
   
 12.5% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Basel III Advanced 
   
   
 20.2% 
    
    
   
 19.1% 
    
 
     
 Tier 1 leverage ratio 
   
   
 14.4% 
    
    
   
 16.4% 
    
   The increase in GS Bank USA’s Standardized and Advanced capital ratios from December 2015 to
December 2016 is primarily due to an increase in Common Equity Tier 1 capital, principally due to net earnings for 2016.
 
  The firm’s principal non-U.S. bank subsidiary, GSIB, is a wholly-owned credit institution,
regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and is subject to minimum capital requirements. As of December 2016 and December 2015, GSIB was in compliance with all regulatory capital
requirements.    Broker-Dealer Subsidiaries    U.S. Regulated Broker-Dealer Subsidiaries.  GS&Co. is the firm’s primary U.S. regulated broker-dealer subsidiary and is subject to regulatory capital
requirements including those imposed by the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA). In addition, GS&Co. is a registered futures commission merchant and is subject to regulatory capital requirements imposed by the CFTC,
the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and the National Futures Association. Rule 15c3-1 of the SEC and Rule 1.17 of the CFTC specify uniform minimum net capital requirements, as defined, for their registrants, and also effectively require that a
significant part of the registrants’ assets be kept in relatively liquid form. GS&Co. has elected to calculate its minimum capital requirements in accordance with the “Alternative Net Capital Requirement” as permitted by
Rule 15c3-1.    As of December 2016 and December 2015, GS&Co. had regulatory net capital, as defined by
Rule 15c3-1, of $17.17 billion and $14.75 billion, respectively, which exceeded the amount required by $14.66 billion and $12.37 billion, respectively. In addition to its alternative minimum net capital requirements,
GS&Co. is also required to hold tentative net capital in excess of $1 billion and net capital in excess of $500 million in accordance with the market and credit risk standards of Appendix E of Rule 15c3-1. GS&Co. is also
required to notify the SEC in the event that its tentative net capital is less than $5 billion. As of December 2016 and December 2015, GS&Co. had tentative net capital and net capital in excess of both the minimum and the
notification requirements.    Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing, L.P. (GSEC) was also one of the firm’s primary U.S. regulated
broker-dealer subsidiaries prior to transferring substantially all of its clearing business to GS&Co. in 2016. As of December 2015, GSEC had regulatory net capital, calculated in accordance with the “Alternative Net Capital
Requirement” as permitted by Rule 15c3-1, of $1.71 billion, which exceeded the amount required by $1.59 billion.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 182 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Non-U.S. Regulated Broker-Dealer Subsidiaries.  The firm’s principal non-U.S. regulated broker-dealer subsidiaries include Goldman Sachs International (GSI) and Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. (GSJCL). GSI, the firm’s U.K. broker-dealer, is regulated
by the PRA and the FCA. GSJCL, the firm’s Japanese broker-dealer, is regulated by Japan’s Financial Services Agency. These and certain other non-U.S. subsidiaries of the firm are also subject to capital adequacy requirements promulgated by
authorities of the countries in which they operate. As of December 2016 and December 2015, these subsidiaries were in compliance with their local capital adequacy requirements.  
 Restrictions on Payments    Group Inc.’s ability
to withdraw capital from its regulated subsidiaries is limited by minimum equity capital requirements applicable to those subsidiaries, provisions of applicable law and regulations and other regulatory restrictions that limit the ability of those
subsidiaries to declare and pay dividends without prior regulatory approval (e.g., the amount of dividends that may be paid by GS Bank USA is limited to the lesser of the amounts calculated under a recent earnings test and an undivided profits test)
even if the relevant subsidiary would satisfy the equity capital requirements applicable to it after giving effect to the dividend. For example, the Federal Reserve Board, the FDIC and the NYDFS have authority to prohibit or to limit the payment of
dividends by the banking organizations they supervise (including GS Bank USA) if, in the relevant regulator’s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in the light of the financial condition of the banking
organization.    As of December 2016 and December 2015, Group Inc. was required to maintain $46.49 billion and
$48.09 billion, respectively, of minimum equity capital in its regulated subsidiaries in order to satisfy the regulatory requirements of such subsidiaries.  
 Other    The deposits of GS Bank USA are insured by
the FDIC to the extent provided by law. The Federal Reserve Board requires that GS Bank USA maintain cash reserves with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The amount deposited by GS Bank USA held at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York was
$74.24 billion and $49.36 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively, which exceeded required reserve amounts by $74.09 billion and $49.25 billion as of December 2016 and December 2015,
respectively. The increase in the amount deposited by GS Bank USA held at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York from December 2015 to December 2016 is primarily a result of the acquisition of GE Capital Bank’s online deposit platform
in April 2016. See Note 14 for further information about this acquisition.
 
  Note 21.  
 Earnings Per Common Share    Basic earnings per common
share (EPS) is calculated by dividing net earnings applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and RSUs for which no future service is required as a condition to the delivery of the underlying common
stock (collectively, basic shares). Diluted EPS includes the determinants of basic EPS and, in addition, reflects the dilutive effect of the common stock deliverable for stock options and for RSUs for which future service is required as a condition
to the delivery of the underlying common stock.    The table below presents the computations of basic and diluted EPS.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 in millions, except per share amounts 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
 2015 
   
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   Net earnings applicable to common shareholders 
   
   
 $7,087 
   
   
   
 $5,568 
   
   
   
 $8,077 
   
 
   Weighted average number of basic shares 
   
   
 427.4 
   
   
   
 448.9 
   
   
   
 458.9 
   
 
   
   
 
   Effect of dilutive securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   RSUs 
   
   
 4.7 
   
   
   
 5.3 
   
   
   
 6.1 
   
 
   
   
 
   Stock options 
   
   
 3.0 
   
   
   
 4.4 
   
   
   
 8.2 
   
 
   Dilutive securities 
   
   
 7.7 
   
   
   
 9.7 
   
   
   
 14.3 
   
 
   Weighted average number of basic shares and dilutive
securities 
   
   
 435.1 
   
   
   
 458.6 
   
   
   
 473.2 
   
 
       Basic EPS 
   
   
 $16.53 
   
   
   
 $12.35 
   
   
   
 $17.55 
   
 
   
   
 
   Diluted EPS 
   
   
 16.29 
   
   
   
 12.14 
   
   
   
 17.07 
   
   In the table above, unvested share-based awards that have non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend
equivalents are treated as a separate class of securities in calculating EPS. The impact of applying this methodology was a reduction in basic EPS of $0.05 for 2016, 2015 and 2014.  
 The diluted EPS computations in the table above do not include antidilutive RSUs and common shares underlying antidilutive stock options of
2.8 million for 2016, and 6.0 million for both 2015 and 2014.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 183 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Note 22.  
 Transactions with Affiliated Funds    The firm has
formed numerous nonconsolidated investment funds with third-party investors. As the firm generally acts as the investment manager for these funds, it is entitled to receive management fees and, in certain cases, advisory fees or incentive fees from
these funds. Additionally, the firm invests alongside the third-party investors in certain funds.    The tables below present fees earned
from affiliated funds, fees receivable from affiliated funds and the aggregate carrying value of the firm’s interests in affiliated funds.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Fees earned from funds 
   
   
 $2,777 
    
    
   
 $3,293 
    
    
   
 $3,232 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Fees receivable from funds 
   
   
 $   554 
    
    
   
 $   599 
    
 
   
   
 
   Aggregate carrying value of interests in funds 
   
   
 6,841 
    
    
   
 7,768 
    
   The firm may periodically determine to waive certain management fees on selected money market funds. Management
fees of $104 million were waived for the year ended December 2016.    The Volcker Rule restricts the firm from providing financial
support to covered funds (as defined in the rule) after the expiration of any applicable conformance period. As a general matter, in the ordinary course of business, the firm does not expect to provide additional voluntary financial support to any
covered funds but may choose to do so with respect to funds that are not subject to the Volcker Rule; however, in the event that such support is provided, the amount is not expected to be material.  
 As of both December 2016 and December 2015, the firm had an outstanding guarantee, as permitted under the Volcker Rule, on behalf of
its funds of $300 million. The firm has voluntarily provided this guarantee in connection with a financing agreement with a third-party lender executed by one of the firm’s real estate funds that is not covered by the Volcker Rule. As of
December 2016 and December 2015, except as noted above, the firm has not provided any additional financial support to its affiliated funds.  
 In addition, in the ordinary course of business, the firm may also engage in other activities with its affiliated funds including, among
others, securities lending, trade execution, market making, custody, and acquisition and bridge financing. See Note 18 for the firm’s investment commitments related to these funds.
 
  Note 23.  
 Interest Income and Interest Expense    Interest is
recorded over the life of the instrument on an accrual basis based on contractual interest rates. The table below presents the firm’s sources of interest income and interest expense.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
   
   
 2015 
    
   
   
 2014 
    
 
   Interest income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deposits with banks 
   
   
 $   452 
    
   
   
 $   241 
    
   
   
 $   227 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities borrowed, securities purchased under agreements to resell and federal funds sold 
   
   
 691 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 (78 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Financial instruments owned, at fair value 
   
   
 5,444 
    
   
   
 5,862 
    
   
   
 7,537 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans receivable 
   
   
 1,843 
    
   
   
 1,191 
    
   
   
 708 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other interest 
   
   
 1,261 
    
   
   
 1,141 
    
   
   
 1,210 
    
 
   Total interest income 
   
   
 9,691 
    
   
   
 8,452 
    
   
   
 9,604 
    
 
   Interest expense 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deposits 
   
   
 878 
    
   
   
 408 
    
   
   
 333 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities loaned and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
   
   
 442 
    
   
   
 330 
    
   
   
 431 
    
 
   
   
 
   Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value 
   
   
 1,251 
    
   
   
 1,319 
    
   
   
 1,741 
    
 
   
   
 
   Short-term secured and unsecured borrowings 
   
   
 446 
    
   
   
 429 
    
   
   
 447 
    
 
   
   
 
   Long-term secured and unsecured borrowings 
   
   
 4,242 
    
   
   
 3,878 
    
   
   
 3,460 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other interest 
   
   
 (155 
 )  
   
   
 (976 
 )  
   
   
 (855 
 )  
 
   Total interest expense 
   
   
 7,104 
    
   
   
 5,388 
    
   
   
 5,557 
    
 
   Net interest income 
   
   
 $2,587 
    
   
   
 $3,064 
    
   
   
 $4,047 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Securities borrowed, securities purchased under agreements to resell and federal funds sold includes rebates
paid and interest income on securities borrowed.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Other interest income includes interest income on customer debit balances and other interest-earning assets.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Other interest expense includes rebates received on other interest-bearing liabilities and interest expense on
customer credit balances.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 184 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  Note 24.  
 Income Taxes  
   
  Provision for Income Taxes  
 Income taxes are provided for using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for temporary
differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. The firm reports interest expense related to income tax matters in “Provision for taxes” and income tax penalties in “Other expenses.”  
 The tables below present the components of the provision for taxes and a reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate to the
firm’s effective income tax rate.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Current taxes 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. federal 
   
   
 $1,032 
    
    
   
 $1,116 
    
    
   
 $1,908 
    
 
   
   
 
   State and local 
   
   
 139 
    
    
   
 (12 
 )  
    
   
 576 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 1,184 
    
    
   
 1,166 
    
    
   
 901 
    
 
   Total current tax expense 
   
   
 2,355 
    
    
   
 2,270 
    
    
   
 3,385 
    
 
   Deferred taxes 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. federal 
   
   
 399 
    
    
   
 397 
    
    
   
 190 
    
 
   
   
 
   State and local 
   
   
 51 
    
    
   
 62 
    
    
   
 38 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 101 
    
    
   
 (34 
 )  
    
   
 267 
    
 
   Total deferred tax expense 
   
   
 551 
    
    
   
 425 
    
    
   
 495 
    
 
   Provision for taxes 
   
   
 $2,906 
    
    
   
 $2,695 
    
    
   
 $3,880 
    
   In the table above, for 2016 and 2015, state and local current taxes includes the impact of settlements of
state and local examinations.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
   
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   U.S. federal statutory income tax rate 
   
   
 35.0% 
    
    
   
 35.0% 
    
    
   
 35.0% 
    
 
   
   
 
   State and local taxes, net of U.S. federal income tax effects 
   
   
 0.9% 
    
    
   
 0.3% 
    
    
   
 3.2% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Tax credits 
   
   
 (2.0)% 
    
    
   
 (1.7)% 
    
    
   
 (1.1)% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. operations 
   
   
 (6.7)% 
    
    
   
 (12.1)% 
    
    
   
 (5.8)% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Tax-exempt income, including dividends 
   
   
 (0.3)% 
    
    
   
 (0.7)% 
    
    
   
 (0.3)% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-deductible legal expenses 
   
   
 1.0% 
    
    
   
 10.2% 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 0.3% 
    
    
   
 (0.3)% 
    
    
   
 0.4% 
    
 
   Effective income tax rate 
   
   
 28.2% 
    
    
   
 30.7% 
    
    
   
 31.4% 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Non-U.S. operations includes the impact of permanently reinvested earnings.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   State and local taxes, net of U.S. federal income tax effects, for 2016 and 2015, includes the impact of
settlements of state and local examinations.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Substantially all of the non-deductible legal expenses for 2015 relate to provisions for the settlement
agreement with the RMBS Working Group.
 
  Deferred Income Taxes  
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
liabilities. These temporary differences result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years and are measured using the tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that more likely than not will be realized and primarily relate to the ability to utilize losses in various tax jurisdictions. Tax assets and liabilities are presented as a component of “Other
assets” and “Other liabilities and accrued expenses,” respectively.    The table below presents the significant components of
deferred tax assets and liabilities, excluding the impact of netting within tax jurisdictions.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   Deferred tax assets 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and benefits 
   
   
 $2,461 
    
    
   
 $2,744 
    
 
   
   
 
   ASC 740 asset related to unrecognized tax benefits 
   
   
 231 
    
    
   
 197 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. operations 
   
   
 967 
    
    
   
 1,200 
    
 
   
   
 
   Net operating losses 
   
   
 427 
    
    
   
 426 
    
 
   
   
 
   Occupancy-related 
   
   
 100 
    
    
   
 80 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other comprehensive income-related 
   
   
 757 
    
    
   
 521 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 394 
    
    
   
 836 
    
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 5,337 
    
    
   
 6,004 
    
 
   
   
 
   Valuation allowance 
   
   
 (115 
 )  
    
   
 (73 
 )  
 
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
   
 $5,222 
    
    
   
 $5,931 
    
 
       Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 $1,200 
    
    
   
 $1,254 
    
 
   
   
 
   Unrealized gains 
   
   
 342 
    
    
   
 853 
    
 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 $1,542 
    
    
   
 $2,107 
    
   The firm has recorded deferred tax assets of $427 million and $426 million as of December 2016
and December 2015, respectively, in connection with U.S. federal, state and local and foreign net operating loss carryforwards. The firm also recorded a valuation allowance of $67 million and $24 million as of December 2016 and
December 2015, respectively, related to these net operating loss carryforwards.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 185 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  As of December 2016, the U.S. federal and state and local net operating loss carryforwards
were $207 million and $800 million, respectively. If not utilized, the U.S. federal net operating loss carryforward and the state and local net operating loss carryforward will begin to expire in 2017. If these carryforwards expire, they
will not have a material impact on the firm’s results of operations. As of December 2016, foreign net operating loss carryforwards were $1.39 billion, substantially all of which do not expire. The firm had no foreign tax credit
carryforwards and no related net deferred income tax assets as of December 2016 and December 2015.    The firm had no capital loss
carryforwards and no related net deferred income tax assets as of December 2016 and December 2015.    The valuation allowance
increased by $42 million during 2016 and increased by $9 million during 2015. The increases in 2016 and 2015 were primarily due to an increase in deferred tax assets from which the firm does not expect to realize any benefit.  
 The firm permanently reinvests eligible earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries and, accordingly, does not accrue any U.S. income taxes that
would arise if such earnings were repatriated. As of December 2016 and December 2015, this policy resulted in an unrecognized net deferred tax liability of $6.18 billion and $5.66 billion, respectively, attributable to reinvested
earnings of $31.24 billion and $28.55 billion, respectively.    Unrecognized Tax Benefits  
 The firm recognizes tax positions in the consolidated financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the position will be
sustained on examination by the relevant taxing authority based on the technical merits of the position. A position that meets this standard is measured at the largest amount of benefit that will more likely than not be realized on settlement. A
liability is established for differences between positions taken in a tax return and amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements.  
 The accrued liability for interest expense related to income tax matters and income tax penalties was $141 million and $101 million
as of December 2016 and December 2015, respectively. The firm recognized interest expense and income tax penalties of $27 million, $17 million and $45 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. It is reasonably
possible that unrecognized tax benefits could change significantly during the twelve months subsequent to December 2016 due to potential audit settlements. However, at this time it is not possible to estimate any potential change.
 
  The table below presents the changes in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits. This
liability is included in “Other liabilities and accrued expenses.” See Note 17 for further information.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended or as of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
    
   
 2014 
   
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $ 825 
   
    
   
 $ 871 
   
    
   
 $ 1,765 
   
 
   
   
 
   Increases based on tax positions related to the current year 
   
   
 113 
   
    
   
 65 
   
    
   
 204 
   
 
   
   
 
   Increases based on tax positions related to prior years 
   
   
 188 
   
    
   
 158 
   
    
   
 263 
   
 
   
   
 
   Decreases based on tax positions related to prior years 
   
   
 (88 
 )  
    
   
 (205 
 )  
    
   
 (241 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Decreases related to settlements 
   
   
 (186 
 )  
    
   
 (87 
 )  
    
   
 (1,112 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Exchange rate fluctuations 
   
   
 — 
   
    
   
 23 
   
    
   
 (8 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $ 852 
   
    
   
 $ 825 
   
    
   
 $    871 
   
 
     
 Related deferred income tax asset 
   
   
 231 
   
    
   
 197 
   
    
   
 172 
   
 
   Net unrecognized tax benefit 
   
   
 $ 621 
   
    
   
 $ 628 
   
    
   
 $    699 
   
   Regulatory Tax Examinations  
 The firm is subject to examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other taxing authorities in jurisdictions where the firm has
significant business operations, such as the United Kingdom, Japan, Hong Kong and various states, such as New York. The tax years under examination vary by jurisdiction. The firm does not expect completion of these audits to have a material impact
on the firm’s financial condition but it may be material to operating results for a particular period, depending, in part, on the operating results for that period.  
 The table below presents the earliest tax years that remain subject to examination by major jurisdiction.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Jurisdiction 
   
   
 As of December 2016 
     
 
   U.S. Federal 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
   
 
   New York State and City 
   
   
 2007 
   
 
   
   
 
   United Kingdom 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   
   
 
   Japan 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   
   
 
   Hong Kong 
   
   
 2007 
   
   During the second quarter of 2016, the Joint Committee on Taxation finalized its review of the U.S. Federal
examinations of fiscal 2008 through calendar 2010. The completion of the review did not have a material impact on the firm’s effective income tax rate. The examinations of 2011 and 2012 began in 2013.  
 The firm has been accepted into the Compliance Assurance Process program by the IRS for each of the tax years from 2013 through 2017. This
program allows the firm to work with the IRS to identify and resolve potential U.S. federal tax issues before the filing of tax returns. The 2013 through 2015 tax years remain subject to post-filing review.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 186 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  New York State and City examinations for the firm (excluding GS Bank USA) of fiscal 2007 through
calendar 2010 are ongoing. New York State and City examinations for GS Bank USA have been completed through 2014.    In 2016, the firm
concluded examinations with the Japan tax authorities related to 2010 through 2013. In 2016, the firm concluded examinations with the Hong Kong tax authorities related to 2006. The completion of these examinations did not have a material impact on
the firm’s effective income tax rate.    All years including and subsequent to the years in the table above remain open to examination
by the taxing authorities. The firm believes that the liability for unrecognized tax benefits it has established is adequate in relation to the potential for additional assessments.  
 Note 25.    Business Segments  
 The firm reports its activities in the following four business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services,
Investing & Lending and Investment Management.    Basis of Presentation  
 In reporting segments, certain of the firm’s business lines have been aggregated where they have similar economic characteristics and are
similar in each of the following areas: (i) the nature of the services they provide, (ii) their methods of distribution, (iii) the types of clients they serve and (iv) the regulatory environments in which they operate.  
 The cost drivers of the firm taken as a whole, compensation, headcount and levels of business activity, are broadly similar in each of the
firm’s business segments. Compensation and benefits expenses in the firm’s segments reflect, among other factors, the overall performance of the firm, as well as the performance of individual businesses. Consequently, pre-tax margins in
one segment of the firm’s business may be significantly affected by the performance of the firm’s other business segments.
 
  The firm allocates assets (including allocations of global core liquid assets and cash, secured
client financing and other assets), revenues and expenses among the four business segments. Due to the integrated nature of these segments, estimates and judgments are made in allocating certain assets, revenues and expenses. The allocation process
is based on the manner in which management currently views the performance of the segments. Transactions between segments are based on specific criteria or approximate third-party rates.  
 The table below presents the firm’s net revenues, pre-tax earnings and total assets by segment. Management believes that this information
provides a reasonable representation of each segment’s contribution to consolidated  pre-tax  earnings and total assets.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended or as of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
    
   
 2014 
    
 
   Investment Banking 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Financial Advisory 
   
   
 $    2,932 
    
    
   
 $    3,470 
    
    
   
 $    2,474 
    
 
   Equity underwriting 
   
   
 891 
    
    
   
 1,546 
    
    
   
 1,750 
    
 
   
   
 
   Debt underwriting 
   
   
 2,450 
    
    
   
 2,011 
    
    
   
 2,240 
    
 
   Total Underwriting 
   
   
 3,341 
    
    
   
 3,557 
    
    
   
 3,990 
    
 
   Total net revenues 
   
   
 6,273 
    
    
   
 7,027 
    
    
   
 6,464 
    
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 3,437 
    
    
   
 3,713 
    
    
   
 3,688 
    
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $    2,836 
    
    
   
 $    3,314 
    
    
   
 $    2,776 
    
 
   Segment assets 
   
   
 $    1,824 
    
    
   
 $    2,564 
    
    
   
 $    1,844 
    
 
       Institutional Client
Services 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution 
   
   
 $    7,556 
    
    
   
 $    7,322 
    
    
   
 $    8,461 
    
 
   Equities client execution 
   
   
 2,194 
    
    
   
 3,028 
    
    
   
 2,079 
    
 
   
   
 
   Commissions and fees 
   
   
 3,078 
    
    
   
 3,156 
    
    
   
 3,153 
    
 
   
   
 
   Securities services 
   
   
 1,639 
    
    
   
 1,645 
    
    
   
 1,504 
    
 
   Total Equities 
   
   
 6,911 
    
    
   
 7,829 
    
    
   
 6,736 
    
 
   Total net revenues 
   
   
 14,467 
    
    
   
 15,151 
    
    
   
 15,197 
    
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 9,713 
    
    
   
 13,938 
    
    
   
 10,880 
    
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $    4,754 
    
    
   
 $    1,213 
    
    
   
 $    4,317 
    
 
   Segment assets 
   
   
 $645,689 
    
    
   
 $663,394 
    
    
   
 $695,674 
    
 
       Investing &
Lending 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Equity securities 
   
   
 $    2,573 
    
    
   
 $    3,781 
    
    
   
 $    4,579 
    
 
   
   
 
   Debt securities and loans 
   
   
 1,507 
    
    
   
 1,655 
    
    
   
 2,246 
    
 
   Total net revenues 
   
   
 4,080 
    
    
   
 5,436 
    
    
   
 6,825 
    
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 2,386 
    
    
   
 2,402 
    
    
   
 2,819 
    
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $    1,694 
    
    
   
 $    3,034 
    
    
   
 $    4,006 
    
 
   Segment assets 
   
   
 $198,181 
    
    
   
 $179,428 
    
    
   
 $143,790 
    
 
       Investment Management 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Management and other fees 
   
   
 $    4,798 
    
    
   
 $    4,887 
    
    
   
 $    4,800 
    
 
   
   
 
   Incentive fees 
   
   
 421 
    
    
   
 780 
    
    
   
 776 
    
 
   
   
 
   Transaction revenues 
   
   
 569 
    
    
   
 539 
    
    
   
 466 
    
 
   Total net revenues 
   
   
 5,788 
    
    
   
 6,206 
    
    
   
 6,042 
    
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 4,654 
    
    
   
 4,841 
    
    
   
 4,647 
    
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $    1,134 
    
    
   
 $    1,365 
    
    
   
 $    1,395 
    
 
   Segment assets 
   
   
 $  14,471 
    
    
   
 $  16,009 
    
    
   
 $  14,534 
    
 
       Total net revenues 
   
   
 $  30,608 
    
    
   
 $  33,820 
    
    
   
 $  34,528 
    
 
   
   
 
   Total operating expenses 
   
   
 20,304 
    
    
   
 25,042 
    
    
   
 22,171 
    
 
   Total pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $  10,304 
    
    
   
 $    8,778 
    
    
   
 $  12,357 
    
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 $860,165 
    
    
   
 $861,395 
    
    
   
 $855,842 
    
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 187 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Revenues and expenses directly associated with each segment are included in determining pre-tax earnings.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Net revenues in the firm’s segments include allocations of interest income and interest expense to
specific securities, commodities and other positions in relation to the cash generated by, or funding requirements of, such underlying positions. Net interest is included in segment net revenues as it is consistent with the way in which management
assesses segment performance.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Overhead expenses not directly allocable to specific segments are allocated ratably based on direct segment
expenses.      
 
 
 • 
   
   All operating expenses have been allocated to the firm’s segments except for charitable contributions of
$114 million for 2016, $148 million for 2015 and $137 million for 2014.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Total operating expenses includes net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings of
$396 million for 2016, $4.01 billion (of which $3.37 billion was related to the settlement agreement with the RMBS Working Group) for 2015 and $754 million for 2014.  
 The table below presents the amounts of net interest income by segment included in net revenues.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
    
   
 2014 
   
 
   Investment Banking 
   
   
 $      — 
   
    
   
 $      — 
   
    
   
 $      — 
   
 
   
   
 
   Institutional Client Services 
   
   
 1,456 
   
    
   
 2,472 
   
    
   
 3,679 
   
 
   
   
 
   Investing & Lending 
   
   
 880 
   
    
   
 418 
   
    
   
 237 
   
 
   
   
 
   Investment Management 
   
   
 251 
   
    
   
 174 
   
    
   
 131 
   
 
   Total net interest income 
   
   
 $2,587 
   
    
   
 $3,064 
   
    
   
 $4,047 
   
   The table below presents the amounts of depreciation and amortization expense by segment included in pre-tax
earnings.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
    
   
 2014 
   
 
   Investment Banking 
   
   
 $   126 
   
    
   
 $   123 
   
    
   
 $   135 
   
 
   
   
 
   Institutional Client Services 
   
   
 489 
   
    
   
 462 
   
    
   
 525 
   
 
   
   
 
   Investing & Lending 
   
   
 215 
   
    
   
 253 
   
    
   
 530 
   
 
   
   
 
   Investment Management 
   
   
 168 
   
    
   
 153 
   
    
   
 147 
   
 
   Total depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 $   998 
   
    
   
 $   991 
   
    
   
 $1,337 
   
   
  Geographic Information  
 Due to the highly integrated nature of international financial markets, the firm manages its businesses based on the profitability of the
enterprise as a whole. The methodology for allocating profitability to geographic regions is dependent on estimates and management judgment because a significant portion of the firm’s activities require cross-border coordination in order to
facilitate the needs of the firm’s clients.    Geographic results are generally allocated as follows:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Investment Banking: location of the client and investment banking team.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Institutional Client Services: Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client Execution, and Equities
(excluding Securities Services): location of the market-making desk; Securities Services: location of the primary market for the underlying security.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Investing & Lending: Investing: location of the investment; Lending: location of the client.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Investment Management: location of the sales team.  
 The table below presents the total net revenues, pre-tax earnings and net earnings of the firm by geographic region allocated based on the
methodology referred to above, as well as the percentage of total net revenues, pre-tax earnings and net earnings (excluding Corporate) for each geographic region. In the table below, Asia includes Australia and New Zealand.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
 2015 
   
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   Net revenues 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
   
   
 $18,144 
   
   
   
 60% 
   
   
   
 $19,202 
   
   
   
 56% 
   
   
   
 $20,062 
   
   
   
 58% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Europe, Middle East and Africa 
   
   
 8,040 
   
   
   
 26% 
   
   
   
 8,981 
   
   
   
 27% 
   
   
   
 9,057 
   
   
   
 26% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Asia 
   
   
 4,424 
   
   
   
 14% 
   
   
   
 5,637 
   
   
   
 17% 
   
   
   
 5,409 
   
   
   
 16% 
   
 
   Total net revenues 
   
   
 $30,608 
   
   
   
 100% 
   
   
   
 $33,820 
   
   
   
 100% 
   
   
   
 $34,528 
   
   
   
 100% 
   
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
   
   
 $  6,352 
   
   
   
 61% 
   
   
   
 $  3,359 
   
   
   
 37% 
   
   
   
 $  7,144 
   
   
   
 57% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Europe, Middle East and Africa 
   
   
 2,883 
   
   
   
 28% 
   
   
   
 3,364 
   
   
   
 38% 
   
   
   
 3,338 
   
   
   
 27% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Asia 
   
   
 1,183 
   
   
   
 11% 
   
   
   
 2,203 
   
   
   
 25% 
   
   
   
 2,012 
   
   
   
 16% 
   
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 10,418 
   
   
   
 100% 
   
   
   
 8,926 
   
   
   
 100% 
   
   
   
 12,494 
   
   
   
 100% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Corporate 
   
   
 (114 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (148 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (137 
 )  
   
   
   
   
 
   Total pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 $10,304 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $  8,778 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $12,357 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Net earnings 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
   
   
 $  4,337 
   
   
   
 58% 
   
   
   
 $  1,587 
   
   
   
 26% 
   
   
   
 $  4,558 
   
   
   
 53% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Europe, Middle East and Africa 
   
   
 2,270 
   
   
   
 30% 
   
   
   
 2,914 
   
   
   
 47% 
   
   
   
 2,576 
   
   
   
 30% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Asia 
   
   
 870 
   
   
   
 12% 
   
   
   
 1,686 
   
   
   
 27% 
   
   
   
 1,434 
   
   
   
 17% 
   
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 7,477 
   
   
   
 100% 
   
   
   
 6,187 
   
   
   
 100% 
   
   
   
 8,568 
   
   
   
 100% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Corporate 
   
   
 (79 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (104 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (91 
 )  
   
   
   
   
 
   Total net earnings 
   
   
 $  7,398 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $  6,083 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $  8,477 
   
   
   
   
   
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 188 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Americas pre-tax earnings includes provisions of $3.37 billion recorded during 2015 for the settlement
agreement with the RMBS Working Group.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Corporate pre-tax earnings includes charitable contributions that have not been allocated to the firm’s
geographic regions.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Substantially all of the amounts in Americas were attributable to the U.S.  
 Note 26.    Credit Concentrations  
 Credit concentrations may arise from market making, client facilitation, investing, underwriting, lending and collateralized transactions and
may be impacted by changes in economic, industry or political factors. The firm seeks to mitigate credit risk by actively monitoring exposures and obtaining collateral from counterparties as deemed appropriate.  
 While the firm’s activities expose it to many different industries and counterparties, the firm routinely executes a high volume of
transactions with asset managers, investment funds, commercial banks, brokers and dealers, clearing houses and exchanges, which results in significant credit concentrations.  
 In the ordinary course of business, the firm may also be subject to a concentration of credit risk to a particular counterparty, borrower or
issuer, including sovereign issuers, or to a particular clearing house or exchange.    The table below presents the credit concentrations in
cash instruments held by the firm. Amounts in the table below are included in “Financial instruments owned, at fair value.”      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   U.S. government and federal agency obligations 
   
   
 $57,657 
    
    
   
 $63,844 
    
 
   
   
 
   % of total assets 
   
   
 6.7% 
    
    
   
 7.4% 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. government and agency obligations 
   
   
 $29,381 
    
    
   
 $31,772 
    
 
   
   
 
   % of total assets 
   
   
 3.4% 
    
    
   
 3.7% 
    
   As of December 2016 and December 2015, the firm did not have credit exposure to any other
counterparty that exceeded 2% of total assets.  
  To reduce credit exposures, the firm may enter into agreements with counterparties that permit
the firm to offset receivables and payables with such counterparties and/or enable the firm to obtain collateral on an upfront or contingent basis. Collateral obtained by the firm related to derivative assets is principally cash and is held by the
firm or a third-party custodian. Collateral obtained by the firm related to resale agreements and securities borrowed transactions is primarily U.S. government and federal agency obligations and non-U.S. government and agency obligations. See
Note 10 for further information about collateralized agreements and financings.    The table below presents U.S. government and federal
agency obligations and non-U.S. government and agency obligations that collateralize resale agreements and securities borrowed transactions. Because the firm’s primary credit exposure on such transactions is to the counterparty to the
transaction, the firm would be exposed to the collateral issuer only in the event of counterparty default. In the table below, non-U.S. government and agency obligations primarily consists of securities issued by the governments of France, the U.K.,
Japan and Germany.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2015 
    
 
   U.S. government and federal agency obligations 
   
   
 $89,721 
    
    
   
 $107,198 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. government and agency obligations 
   
   
 80,234 
    
    
   
 74,326 
    
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 189 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  Note 27.  
 Legal Proceedings  
   
  The firm is involved in a number of judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings (including
those described below) concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of the firm’s businesses. Many of these proceedings are in early stages, and many of these cases seek an indeterminate amount of damages.  
 Under ASC 450, an event is “reasonably possible” if “the chance of the future event or events occurring is more than remote
but less than likely” and an event is “remote” if “the chance of the future event or events occurring is slight.” Thus, references to the upper end of the range of reasonably possible loss for cases in which the firm is able
to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss mean the upper end of the range of loss for cases for which the firm believes the risk of loss is more than slight.  
 With respect to matters described below for which management has been able to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss where
(i) actual or potential plaintiffs have claimed an amount of money damages, (ii) the firm is being, or threatened to be, sued by purchasers in a securities offering and is not being indemnified by a party that the firm believes will pay
the full amount of any judgment, or (iii) the purchasers are demanding that the firm repurchase securities, management has estimated the upper end of the range of reasonably possible loss as being equal to (a) in the case of (i), the
amount of money damages claimed, (b) in the case of (ii), the difference between the initial sales price of the securities that the firm sold in such offering and the estimated lowest subsequent price of such securities prior to the action
being commenced and (c) in the case of (iii), the price that purchasers paid for the securities less the estimated value, if any, as of December 2016 of the relevant securities, in each of cases (i), (ii) and (iii), taking into
account any other factors believed to be relevant to the particular matter or matters of that type. As of the date hereof, the firm has estimated the upper end of the range of reasonably possible aggregate loss for such matters and for any other
matters described below where management has been able to estimate a range of reasonably possible aggregate loss to be approximately $1.8 billion in excess of the aggregate reserves for such matters.
 
  Management is generally unable to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss for matters other
than those included in the estimate above, including where (i) actual or potential plaintiffs have not claimed an amount of money damages, except in those instances where management can otherwise determine an appropriate amount,
(ii) matters are in early stages, (iii) matters relate to regulatory investigations or reviews, except in those instances where management can otherwise determine an appropriate amount, (iv) there is uncertainty as to the likelihood
of a class being certified or the ultimate size of the class, (v) there is uncertainty as to the outcome of pending appeals or motions, (vi) there are significant factual issues to be resolved, and/or (vii) there are novel legal
issues presented. For example, the firm’s potential liabilities with respect to future mortgage-related “put-back” claims described below may ultimately result in an increase in the firm’s liabilities, but are not included in
management’s estimate of reasonably possible loss. As another example, the firm’s potential liabilities with respect to the investigations and reviews described below in “Regulatory Investigations and Reviews and Related
Litigation” also generally are not included in management’s estimate of reasonably possible loss. However, management does not believe, based on currently available information, that the outcomes of such other matters will have a material
adverse effect on the firm’s financial condition, though the outcomes could be material to the firm’s operating results for any particular period, depending, in part, upon the operating results for such period. See Note 18 for further
information about mortgage-related contingencies.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 190 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Mortgage-Related Matters.  Beginning in April 2010, a number of purported securities law class actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York challenging the adequacy of Group Inc.’s public
disclosure of, among other things, the firm’s activities in the CDO market, the firm’s conflict of interest management, and the SEC investigation that led to GS&Co. entering into a consent agreement with the SEC, settling all claims
made against GS&Co. by the SEC in connection with the ABACUS  2007-AC1  CDO offering (ABACUS  2007-AC1  transaction), pursuant to which GS&Co. paid $550 million
of disgorgement and civil penalties. The consolidated amended complaint filed on July 25, 2011, which names as defendants Group Inc. and certain officers and employees of Group Inc. and its affiliates, generally alleges violations of
Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and seeks unspecified damages. On June 21, 2012, the district court dismissed the claims based on Group Inc.’s not disclosing that it had received a “Wells” notice from the staff
of the SEC related to the ABACUS  2007-AC1  transaction, but permitted the plaintiffs’ other claims to proceed. The district court granted class certification on September 24, 2015, but the
appellate court granted defendants’ petition for review on January 26, 2016. On February 1, 2016, the district court stayed proceedings in the district court pending the appellate court’s decision.  
 In June 2012, the Board received a demand from a shareholder that the Board investigate and take action relating to the firm’s
mortgage-related activities and to stock sales by certain directors and executives of the firm. On February 15, 2013, this shareholder filed a putative shareholder derivative action in New York Supreme Court, New York County, against Group
Inc. and certain current or former directors and employees, based on these activities and stock sales. The derivative complaint includes allegations of breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement and corporate
waste, and seeks, among other things, unspecified monetary damages, disgorgement of profits and certain corporate governance and disclosure reforms. On May 28, 2013, Group Inc. informed the shareholder that the Board completed its
investigation and determined to refuse the demand. On June 20, 2013, the shareholder made a books and records demand requesting materials relating to the Board’s determination. The parties have agreed to stay proceedings in the
putative derivative action pending resolution of the books and records demand.
 
  In addition, the Board has received books and records demands from several shareholders for
materials relating to, among other subjects, the firm’s mortgage servicing and foreclosure activities, participation in federal programs providing assistance to financial institutions and homeowners, loan sales to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac,
mortgage-related activities and conflicts management.    Various alleged purchasers of mortgage pass-through certificates and other
mortgage-related products (including Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and the FDIC (as receiver for Guaranty Bank) have filed complaints in state and federal court against firm affiliates, generally alleging that the offering documents
for the securities that they purchased contained untrue statements of material fact and material omissions and generally seeking rescission and/or damages. Certain of these complaints allege fraud and seek punitive damages. Certain of these
complaints also name other firms as defendants.    As of the date hereof, the aggregate amount of mortgage-related securities sold to
plaintiffs in active cases described in the preceding paragraph where those plaintiffs are seeking rescission of such securities was approximately $261 million (which does not reflect adjustment for any subsequent paydowns or distributions or
any residual value of such securities, statutory interest or any other adjustments that may be claimed). This amount does not include the potential claims by these or other purchasers in the same or other mortgage-related offerings that have not
been described above, or claims that have been dismissed.    The firm has entered into agreements with Deutsche Bank National Trust Company
and U.S. Bank National Association to toll the relevant statute of limitations with respect to claims for repurchase of residential mortgage loans based on alleged breaches of representations related to $11.1 billion original notional face
amount of securitizations issued by trusts for which they act as trustees.    The firm has received subpoenas or requests for information
from, and is engaged in discussions with, certain regulators and law enforcement agencies with which it has not entered into settlement agreements as part of inquiries or investigations relating to mortgage-related matters.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 191 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  GT Advanced Technologies Securities Litigation.  GS&Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in several putative securities class actions filed in October 2014 in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Hampshire. In addition to the
underwriters, the defendants include certain directors and officers of GT Advanced Technologies Inc. (GT). As to the underwriters, the complaints generally allege misstatements and omissions in connection with the December 2013 offerings by GT
of approximately $86 million of common stock and $214 million principal amount of convertible senior notes, assert claims under the federal securities laws, and seek compensatory damages in an unspecified amount and rescission. On
July 20, 2015, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint. On October 7, 2015, the defendants moved to dismiss. GS&Co. underwrote 3,479,769 shares of common stock and $75 million principal amount of notes for an
aggregate offering price of approximately $105 million. On October 6, 2014, GT filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.    SunEdison Bankruptcy Litigation.  GS Bank USA is among the defendants named in an adversary proceeding filed on October 20, 2016 in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for
the Southern District of New York arising from the bankruptcy of SunEdison. The complaint alleges that amounts transferred and liens granted by SunEdison to its secured creditors, including GS Bank USA, prior to filing for bankruptcy were fraudulent
and preferential transfers. Plaintiffs seek to recoup those transfers, avoid those liens and disallow certain claims of the secured creditors. GS Bank USA received pre-filing payments from SunEdison aggregating $169 million that are subject to
the recoupment claims and holds $75 million of secured debt subject to the avoidance and disallowance claims. Defendants moved to dismiss on November 22, 2016.
 
  Currencies-Related Litigation.  GS&Co. and Group Inc. are among the defendants named in a putative class action filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on September 26, 2016 on behalf of putative indirect
purchasers of foreign exchange instruments. The complaint generally alleges that defendants violated federal antitrust laws in connection with an alleged conspiracy to manipulate the foreign currency exchange markets and asserts claims under federal
and state antitrust laws and seeks injunctive relief, as well as treble damages in an unspecified amount. Defendants moved to dismiss on January 23, 2017.  
 Group Inc., GS&Co. and GS Canada are among the defendants named in putative class actions related to trading in foreign exchange markets,
filed beginning in September 2015 in the Superior Court of Justice in Ontario, Canada and the Superior Court of Quebec, Canada, on behalf of direct and indirect purchasers of foreign exchange instruments traded in Canada. The complaints
generally allege a conspiracy to manipulate the foreign currency exchange markets and assert claims under Canada’s Competition Act and common law. The Ontario and Quebec complaints seek, among other things, compensatory damages in the amounts
of 1 billion Canadian dollars and 100 million Canadian dollars, respectively, as well as restitution and 50 million Canadian dollars in punitive, exemplary and aggravated damages. In December 2016, the courts preliminarily
approved a settlement of the claims against the Goldman Sachs defendants. The firm has paid the full amount of the proposed settlement into trust pending final settlement approval.  
 Financial Advisory Services.  Group Inc. and certain of
its affiliates are from time to time parties to various civil litigation and arbitration proceedings and other disputes with clients and third parties relating to the firm’s financial advisory activities. These claims generally seek, among
other things, compensatory damages and, in some cases, punitive damages, and in certain cases allege that the firm did not appropriately disclose or deal with conflicts of interest.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 192 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Cobalt International Energy Securities Litigation.  Cobalt International Energy, Inc. (Cobalt), certain of its officers and directors (including employees of affiliates of Group Inc. who served as directors of Cobalt), affiliates of shareholders of Cobalt
(including Group Inc.) and the underwriters (including GS&Co.) for certain offerings of Cobalt’s securities are defendants in a putative securities class action filed on November 30, 2014 in the U.S. District Court for the
Southern District of Texas. The consolidated amended complaint, filed on May 1, 2015, asserts claims under the federal securities laws, seeks compensatory and rescissory damages in unspecified amounts and alleges material misstatements and
omissions concerning Cobalt in connection with a $1.67 billion February 2012 offering of Cobalt common stock, a $1.38 billion December 2012 offering of Cobalt’s convertible notes, a $1.00 billion January 2013
offering of Cobalt’s common stock, a $1.33 billion May 2013 offering of Cobalt’s common stock, and a $1.30 billion May 2014 offering of Cobalt’s convertible notes. The consolidated amended complaint alleges that,
among others, Group Inc. and GS&Co. are liable as controlling persons with respect to all five offerings. The consolidated amended complaint also seeks damages from GS&Co. in connection with its acting as an underwriter of 14,430,000 shares
of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately $465 million, $690 million principal amount of convertible notes, and approximately $508 million principal amount of convertible notes in the
February 2012, December 2012 and May 2014 offerings, respectively, for an aggregate offering price of approximately $1.66 billion. On January 19, 2016, the court granted, with leave to replead, the underwriter
defendants’ motions to dismiss as to claims by plaintiffs who purchased Cobalt securities after April 30, 2013, but denied the motions to dismiss in all other respects. On November 3, 2016, plaintiffs moved for class
certification.  
  Cobalt, certain of its officers and directors (including employees of affiliates of Group Inc.
who served as directors of Cobalt), certain shareholders of Cobalt (including funds affiliated with Group Inc.), and affiliates of these shareholders (including Group Inc.) are defendants in putative shareholder derivative actions filed beginning on
May 6, 2016 in Texas District Court, Harris County. As to the director and officer defendants (including employees of affiliates of Group Inc. who served as directors of Cobalt), the petitions generally allege that they breached their
fiduciary duties under state law by making materially false and misleading statements concerning Cobalt. As to the shareholder defendants and their affiliates (including Group Inc. and several affiliated funds), the original petition also alleges
that they breached their fiduciary duties by selling Cobalt securities in the common stock offerings described above on the basis of inside information. The petitions seek, among other things, unspecified monetary damages and disgorgement of
proceeds from the sale of Cobalt common stock. Defendants moved to dismiss the original petition on July 8, 2016.    Adeptus Health Securities Litigation.  GS&Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in several putative securities class actions, filed beginning in
October 2016 in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Adeptus Health Inc. (Adeptus), its sponsor, and certain of directors and officers of Adeptus. As to the
underwriters, the complaints generally allege misstatements and omissions in connection with the $124 million June 2014 initial public offering, the $154 million May 2015 secondary equity offering, the $411 million
July 2015 secondary equity offering, and the $175 million June 2016 secondary equity offering. The complaints assert claims under the federal securities laws and seek, among other things, unspecified monetary damages. GS&Co.
underwrote 1.69 million shares of common stock in the June 2014 initial public offering representing an aggregate offering price of approximately $37 million, 962,378 shares of common stock in the May 2015 offering representing
an aggregate offering price of approximately $61 million, 1.76 million shares of common stock in the July 2015 offering representing an aggregate offering price of approximately $184 million, and all the shares of common stock in
the June 2016 offering representing an aggregate offering price of approximately $175 million.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 193 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Investment Management Services.  Group Inc. and certain of its affiliates are parties to various civil litigation and arbitration proceedings and other disputes with clients relating to losses allegedly sustained as a result of the firm’s
investment management services. These claims generally seek, among other things, restitution or other compensatory damages and, in some cases, punitive damages.  
 TerraForm Global and SunEdison Securities Litigation. 
GS&Co. is among the underwriters, placement agents and initial purchasers named as defendants in several putative class actions and individual actions filed beginning in October 2015 relating to the $675 million July 2015 initial
public offering of the common stock of TerraForm Global, Inc. (TerraForm Global), the August 2015 public offering of $650 million of SunEdison, Inc. (SunEdison) convertible preferred stock, the June 2015 private placement of
$335 million of TerraForm Global Class D units, and the August 2015 Rule 144A offering of $810 million principal amount of TerraForm Global senior notes. SunEdison is TerraForm Global’s controlling shareholder and sponsor.
Beginning in October 2016, the pending cases were transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, and on January 16, 2017, certain plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint relating to TerraForm
Global’s initial public offering. The defendants also include TerraForm Global, SunEdison and certain of their directors and officers. The complaints generally allege misstatements and omissions in connection with the offerings, assert claims
under federal securities laws and, in certain actions, state laws, and seek compensatory damages in an unspecified amount, as well as rescission or rescissory damages. TerraForm Global sold 154,800 Class D units, representing an aggregate offering
price of approximately $155 million, to the individual plaintiffs. GS&Co., as underwriter, sold 138,890 shares of SunEdison convertible preferred stock in the offering, representing an aggregate offering price of approximately
$139 million and sold 2,340,000 shares of TerraForm Global common stock in the initial public offering representing an aggregate offering price of approximately $35 million. GS&Co., as initial purchaser, sold approximately
$49 million principal amount of TerraForm Global senior notes in the Rule 144A offering. On April 21, 2016, SunEdison filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
 
  Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Securities
Litigation.  GS&Co. and Goldman Sachs Canada Inc. (GS Canada) are among the underwriters and initial purchasers named as defendants in a putative class action filed on March 2, 2016
in the Superior Court of Quebec, Canada. In addition to the underwriters and initial purchasers, the defendants include Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. (Valeant), certain directors and officers of Valeant and Valeant’s auditor. As
to GS&Co. and GS Canada, the complaint generally alleges misstatements and omissions in connection with the offering materials for the June 2013 public offering of $2.3 billion of common stock, the June 2013 Rule 144A
offering of $3.2 billion principal amount of senior notes, and the November 2013 Rule 144A offering of $900 million principal amount of senior notes. The complaint asserts claims under the Quebec Securities Act and the Civil Code
of Quebec and seeks compensatory damages in an unspecified amount.    GS&Co. is among the initial purchasers named as defendants
in a putative class action filed on June 24, 2016 in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey. In addition to the initial purchasers for Valeant’s Rule 144A debt offerings, the defendants include Valeant, certain
directors and officers of Valeant, Valeant’s auditor and the underwriters for a common stock offering in which GS&Co. did not participate. As to GS&Co., the complaint generally alleges misstatements and omissions in connection with the
June 2013 and November 2013 Rule 144A offerings described above, asserts claims under the federal securities laws, and seeks rescission and compensatory damages in an unspecified amount. Defendants moved to dismiss on
September 13, 2016.    GS&Co. and GS Canada, as sole underwriters, sold 27,058,824 shares of common stock in the June 2013
offering representing an aggregate offering price of approximately $2.3 billion and, as initial purchasers, sold approximately $1.3 billion and $293 million in principal amount of senior notes in the June 2013 and
November 2013 Rule 144A offerings, respectively.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 194 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Interest Rate Swap Antitrust Litigation.  Group Inc., GS&Co., GSI, GS Bank USA and Goldman Sachs Financial Markets, L.P. (GSFM) are among the defendants named in putative antitrust class actions relating to the trading of interest rate swaps, filed
beginning in November 2015 and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The second consolidated amended complaint filed on December 9, 2016 generally alleges a conspiracy among the defendants
since at least January 1, 2007 to preclude exchange trading of interest rate swaps. The complaint seeks declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as treble damages in an unspecified amount. Defendants moved to dismiss on
January 20, 2017.    Group Inc., GS&Co., GSI, GS Bank USA and GSFM are among the defendants named in antitrust actions
relating to the trading of interest rate swaps filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York beginning in April 2016 by two operators of swap execution facilities and certain of their affiliates. These actions have been
consolidated with the class action described above for pretrial proceedings. The second consolidated amended complaint filed on December 9, 2016 generally asserts claims under federal and state antitrust laws and state common law in
connection with an alleged conspiracy among the defendants to preclude trading of interest rate swaps on the plaintiffs’ respective swap execution facilities and seeks declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as treble damages in an
unspecified amount. Defendants moved to dismiss on January 20, 2017.    Commodities-Related
Litigation.  GSI is among the defendants named in putative class actions relating to trading in platinum and palladium, filed beginning on November 25, 2014 and most recently amended on
July 27, 2015, in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaints generally allege that the defendants violated federal antitrust laws and the Commodity Exchange Act in connection with an alleged conspiracy to
manipulate a benchmark for physical platinum and palladium prices and seek declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as treble damages in an unspecified amount. On September 21, 2015, the defendants moved to dismiss.
 
  Employment-Related Matters.  On September 15, 2010, a putative class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York by three female former employees alleging that Group Inc. and GS&Co. have
systematically discriminated against female employees in respect of compensation, promotion, assignments, mentoring and performance evaluations. The complaint alleges a class consisting of all female employees employed at specified levels in
specified areas by Group Inc. and GS&Co. since July 2002, and asserts claims under federal and New York City discrimination laws. The complaint seeks class action status, injunctive relief and unspecified amounts of compensatory, punitive
and other damages. On July 17, 2012, the district court issued a decision granting in part Group Inc.’s and GS&Co.’s motion to strike certain of plaintiffs’ class allegations on the ground that plaintiffs lacked standing
to pursue certain equitable remedies and denying Group Inc.’s and GS&Co.’s motion to strike plaintiffs’ class allegations in their entirety as premature. On March 21, 2013, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit held that arbitration should be compelled with one of the named plaintiffs, who as a managing director was a party to an arbitration agreement with the firm. On March 10, 2015, the magistrate judge to whom the district judge
assigned the remaining plaintiffs’ May 2014 motion for class certification recommended that the motion be denied in all respects. On August 3, 2015, the magistrate judge denied plaintiffs’ motion for reconsideration of that
recommendation and granted the plaintiffs’ motion to intervene two female individuals, one of whom was employed by the firm as of September 2010 and the other of whom ceased to be an employee of the firm subsequent to the magistrate
judge’s decision. On June 6, 2016, the district court affirmed the magistrate judge’s decision on intervention. On September 28, 2015, and by a supplemental motion filed July 11, 2016 (after the second
intervenor ceased to be an employee), the defendants moved to dismiss the claims of the intervenors for lack of standing and mootness.  
 U.S. Treasury Securities-Related Litigation.  GS&Co.
is among the primary dealers named as defendants in several putative class actions relating to the market for U.S. Treasury securities, filed beginning in July 2015 and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New
York. The complaints generally allege that the defendants violated the federal antitrust laws and the Commodity Exchange Act in connection with an alleged conspiracy to manipulate the when-issued market and auctions for U.S. Treasury securities, as
well as related futures and options, and seek declaratory and injunctive relief, treble damages in an unspecified amount and restitution.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 195 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  ISDAFIX-Related Litigation.  Group Inc. is among the defendants named in several putative class actions relating to trading in interest rate derivatives, filed beginning in September 2014 and most recently amended on
February 12, 2015 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The plaintiffs assert claims under the federal antitrust laws and state common law in connection with an alleged conspiracy to manipulate the ISDAFIX
benchmarks and seek declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as treble damages in an unspecified amount. On December 19, 2016, the court preliminarily approved a settlement of the claims against Group Inc. The firm has paid the full
amount of the proposed settlement into an escrow fund.    Regulatory Investigations and Reviews and
Related Litigation.  Group Inc. and certain of its affiliates are subject to a number of other investigations and reviews by, and in some cases have received subpoenas and requests for documents
and information from, various governmental and regulatory bodies and self-regulatory organizations and litigation and shareholder requests relating to various matters relating to the firm’s businesses and operations, including:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The 2008 financial crisis;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The public offering process;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The firm’s investment management and financial advisory services;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Conflicts of interest;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Research practices, including research independence and interactions between research analysts and other firm
personnel, including investment banking personnel, as well as third parties;      
 
 
 • 
   
   Transactions involving government-related financings and other matters, including those related to 1Malaysia
Development Berhad (1MDB), a sovereign wealth fund in Malaysia, municipal securities, including wall-cross procedures and conflict of interest disclosure with respect to state and municipal clients, the trading and structuring of municipal
derivative instruments in connection with municipal offerings, political contribution rules, municipal advisory services and the possible impact of credit default swap transactions on municipal issuers;
 

 
 
 • 
   
   The offering, auction, sales, trading and clearance of corporate and government securities, currencies,
commodities and other financial products and related sales and other communications and activities, including compliance with the SEC’s short sale rule, algorithmic, high-frequency and quantitative trading, the firm’s U.S. alternative
trading system (dark pool), futures trading, options trading, when-issued trading, transaction reporting, technology systems and controls, securities lending practices, trading and clearance of credit derivative instruments and interest rate swaps,
commodities activities and metals storage, private placement practices, allocations of and trading in securities, and trading activities and communications in connection with the establishment of benchmark rates, such as currency rates;
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The firm’s hiring and compensation practices;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   The firm’s system of risk management and controls; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Insider trading, the potential misuse and dissemination of material nonpublic information regarding corporate
and governmental developments and the effectiveness of the firm’s insider trading controls and information barriers.  
 The firm is cooperating with all such governmental and regulatory investigations and reviews.  
 Note 28.    Employee Benefit Plans  
 The firm sponsors various pension plans and certain other postretirement benefit plans, primarily healthcare and life insurance. The firm also
provides certain benefits to former or inactive employees prior to retirement.    Defined Benefit Pension Plans and Postretirement Plans  
 Employees of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries participate in various defined benefit pension plans. These plans generally provide benefits based
on years of credited service and a percentage of the employee’s eligible compensation. The firm maintains a defined benefit pension plan for certain U.K. employees. As of April 2008, the U.K. defined benefit plan was closed to new
participants and frozen for existing participants as of March 31, 2016. The non-U.S. plans do not have a material impact on the firm’s consolidated results of operations.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 196 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The firm also maintains a defined benefit pension plan for substantially all U.S. employees
hired prior to November 1, 2003. As of November 2004, this plan was closed to new participants and frozen for existing participants. In addition, the firm maintains unfunded postretirement benefit plans that provide medical and life
insurance for eligible retirees and their dependents covered under these programs. These plans do not have a material impact on the firm’s consolidated results of operations.  
 The firm recognizes the funded status of its defined benefit pension and postretirement plans, measured as the difference between the fair
value of the plan assets and the benefit obligation, in the consolidated statements of financial condition. As of December 2016, “Other assets” and “Other liabilities and accrued expenses” included $72 million (related
to overfunded pension plans) and $592 million, respectively, related to these plans. As of December 2015, “Other assets” and “Other liabilities and accrued expenses” included $329 million (related to overfunded
pension plans) and $561 million, respectively, related to these plans.    Defined Contribution Plans  
 The firm contributes to employer-sponsored U.S. and non-U.S. defined contribution plans. The firm’s contribution to these plans was
$236 million for 2016, $231 million for 2015 and $223 million for 2014.    Note 29.  
 Employee Incentive Plans    The cost of employee
services received in exchange for a share-based award is generally measured based on the grant-date fair value of the award. Share-based awards that do not require future service (i.e., vested awards, including awards granted to retirement-eligible
employees) are expensed immediately. Share-based awards that require future service are amortized over the relevant service period. Expected forfeitures are included in determining share-based employee compensation expense. See Note 3 for
information about the adoption of  ASU No. 2016-09.     The firm pays cash dividend
equivalents on outstanding RSUs. Dividend equivalents paid on RSUs are generally charged to retained earnings. Dividend equivalents paid on RSUs expected to be forfeited are included in compensation expense. The firm accounts for the tax benefit
related to dividend equivalents paid on RSUs as an increase to additional paid-in capital.
 
  The firm generally issues new shares of common stock upon delivery of share-based awards. In
certain cases, primarily related to conflicted employment (as outlined in the applicable award agreements), the firm may cash settle share-based compensation awards accounted for as equity instruments. For these awards, whose terms allow for cash
settlement, additional paid-in capital is adjusted to the extent of the difference between the value of the award at the time of cash settlement and the grant-date value of the award.  
 Stock Incentive Plan    The firm sponsors a stock
incentive plan, The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2015) (2015 SIP), which provides for grants of RSUs, restricted stock, dividend equivalent rights, incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock
appreciation rights, and other share-based awards, each of which may be subject to performance conditions. On May 21, 2015, shareholders approved the 2015 SIP. The 2015 SIP replaced The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive
Plan (2013) (2013 SIP) previously in effect, and applies to awards granted on or after the date of approval.    As of
December 2016, 73.0 million shares were available for grant under the 2015 SIP. If any shares of common stock underlying awards granted under the 2015 SIP or 2013 SIP are not delivered due to forfeiture, termination or cancellation or are
surrendered or withheld, those shares will again become available to be delivered under the 2015 SIP. Shares available for grant are also subject to adjustment for certain changes in corporate structure as permitted under the 2015 SIP. The 2015 SIP
is scheduled to terminate on the date of the annual meeting of shareholders that occurs in 2019.    Restricted Stock Units  
 The firm grants RSUs to employees under the 2015 SIP, which are valued based on the closing price of the underlying shares on the date of grant
after taking into account a liquidity discount for any applicable post-vesting and delivery transfer restrictions. RSUs generally vest and underlying shares of common stock deliver as outlined in the applicable award agreements. Employee award
agreements generally provide that vesting is accelerated in certain circumstances, such as on retirement, death, disability and conflicted employment. Delivery of the underlying shares of common stock is conditioned on the grantees satisfying
certain vesting and other requirements outlined in the award agreements.    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 197 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  The table below presents the activity related to RSUs.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   Restricted Stock 
 Units Outstanding 
   
   
   
   
   Weighted Average 
 Grant-Date Fair Value of Restricted Stock   Units
Outstanding 
   


 
   
   
       
   
 Future   Service 
 Required 
         
    
   
       
   
 No Future   Service 
 Required 
         
    
   
   
   
       
   
 Future   Service 
 Required 
         
    
    
       
   
 No Future   Service 
 Required 
         
    
 
   Outstanding, December 2015 
   
   
 5,649,156 
    
   
   
 22,082,601 
    
   
 
   
   
 $159.82 
    
    
   
 $148.00 
    
 
   
   
 
   Granted 
   
   
 4,452,358 
    
   
   
 11,071,140 
    
   
 
   
   
 138.48 
    
    
   
 134.90 
    
 
   
   
 
   Forfeited 
   
   
 (501,094 
 )  
   
   
 (387,417 
 )  
   
 
   
   
 153.98 
    
    
   
 149.60 
    
 
   
   
 
   Delivered 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (14,541,074 
 )  
   
 
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 142.85 
    
 
   
   
 
   Vested 
   
   
 (3,977,181 
 )  
   
   
 3,977,181 
    
   
   
   
   
 154.44 
    
    
   
 154.44 
    
 
   Outstanding, December 2016 
   
   
 5,623,239 
    
   
   
 22,202,431 
    
   
   
   
   
 147.25 
    
    
   
 145.97 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The weighted average grant-date fair value of RSUs granted during 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $135.92,
$160.19 and $151.40, respectively. The fair value of the RSUs granted during 2016, 2015 and 2014 includes a liquidity discount of 10.5%, 9.2% and 13.8%, respectively, to reflect post-vesting and delivery transfer restrictions of up to
4 years.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The aggregate fair value of awards that vested during 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $2.26 billion,
$2.40 billion and $2.39 billion, respectively.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Delivered RSUs include RSUs that were cash settled.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   RSUs outstanding include restricted stock subject to future service requirements as of December 2016 and
December 2015 of 39,957 and 6,354 shares, respectively.    In the first quarter of 2017, the firm granted to its
employees 8.4 million year-end RSUs, of which 3.2 million RSUs require future service as a condition of delivery for the related shares of common stock. These awards are subject to additional conditions as outlined in the award agreements.
Generally, shares underlying these awards, net of required withholding tax, deliver over a three-year period but are subject to post-vesting and delivery transfer restrictions through January 2022. These grants are not included in the table
above.    Stock Options    Stock options generally
vest as outlined in the applicable stock option agreement. In general, options expire on the tenth anniversary of the grant date, although they may be subject to earlier termination or cancellation under certain circumstances in accordance with the
terms of the applicable stock option agreement and the SIP in effect at the time of grant.
 
  The table below presents the activity related to outstanding stock options, all of which were
granted in 2006 through 2008.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   
   
       
 Options   Outstanding 
         
   
       
       
 Weighted   Average 
 Exercise   Price 
         
         
   
       
       
 Aggregate   Intrinsic 
 Value   (in millions) 
         
         
   
       
       
 Weighted   Average 
 Remaining Life   (years) 
         
         
 
   Outstanding, December 2015 
   
   
 14,756,275 
    
   
   
 $128.79 
    
   
   
 $891 
    
   
   
 2.38 
    
 
   
   
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (6,795,087 
 )  
   
   
 135.16 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Outstanding, December 2016 
   
   
 7,961,188 
    
   
   
 123.36 
    
   
   
 924 
    
   
   
 1.61 
    
 
   Exercisable, December 2016 
   
   
 7,961,188 
    
   
   
 123.36 
    
   
   
 924 
    
   
   
 1.61 
    
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $436 million,
$531 million and $2.03 billion, respectively.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Options outstanding as of December 2016, consist of 5.13 million options with an exercise price of
$78.78 and a remaining life of 2.00 years, and 2.83 million options with an exercise price of $204.16 and a remaining life of 0.92 years.  
 The table below presents the share-based compensation and the related excess tax benefit.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
    
   
   
 2015 
    
   
   
 2014 
    
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 $2,170 
    
   
   
 $2,304 
    
   
   
 $2,101 
    
 
   
   
 
   Excess net tax benefit for options exercised 
   
   
 79 
    
   
   
 134 
    
   
   
 549 
    
 
   
   
 
   Excess net tax benefit for other share-based awards 
   
   
 147 
    
   
   
 406 
    
   
   
 788 
    
   In the table above, excess net tax benefit for other share-based awards represents the net tax benefit
recognized in additional paid-in capital on stock options exercised, the delivery of common stock underlying share-based awards and dividend equivalents paid on RSUs. Following the adoption of ASU 2016-09, such amounts will be recognized
prospectively in income tax expense. See Note 3 for further information about this ASU.    As of December 2016, there was
$381 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.50 years.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 198 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
  Note 30.  
 Parent Company  
   
  Group Inc. — Condensed Statements of Earnings  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
 2015 
   
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   Revenues 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Dividends from subsidiaries: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Bank subsidiaries 
   
   
 $     53 
   
   
   
 $     32 
   
   
   
 $     16 
   
 
   
   
 
   Nonbank subsidiaries 
   
   
 5,465 
   
   
   
 3,181 
   
   
   
 2,739 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other revenues 
   
   
 155 
   
   
   
 (132 
 )  
   
   
 826 
   
 
   Total non-interest revenues 
   
   
 5,673 
   
   
   
 3,081 
   
   
   
 3,581 
   
 
   
   
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 4,140 
   
   
   
 3,519 
   
   
   
 3,769 
   
 
   
   
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 4,543 
   
   
   
 4,165 
   
   
   
 3,802 
   
 
   Net interest loss 
   
   
 (403 
 )  
   
   
 (646 
 )  
   
   
 (33 
 )  
 
   Net revenues, including net interest loss 
   
   
 5,270 
   
   
   
 2,435 
   
   
   
 3,548 
   
 
       Operating expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and benefits 
   
   
 343 
   
   
   
 498 
   
   
   
 411 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other expenses 
   
   
 332 
   
   
   
 188 
   
   
   
 282 
   
 
   Total operating expenses 
   
   
 675 
   
   
   
 686 
   
   
   
 693 
   
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 4,595 
   
   
   
 1,749 
   
   
   
 2,855 
   
 
   
   
 
   Provision/(benefit) for taxes 
   
   
 (518 
 )  
   
   
 (828 
 )  
   
   
 (292 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 
   
   
 2,285 
   
   
   
 3,506 
   
   
   
 5,330 
   
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 7,398 
   
   
   
 6,083 
   
   
   
 8,477 
   
 
   
   
 
   Preferred stock dividends 
   
   
 311 
   
   
   
 515 
   
   
   
 400 
   
 
   Net earnings applicable to common shareholders 
   
   
 $7,087 
   
   
   
 $5,568 
   
   
   
 $8,077 
   
   Supplemental Disclosure:  
 Dividends from nonbank subsidiaries include cash dividends of $3.46 billion, $2.29 billion and $2.62 billion for 2016, 2015
and 2014, respectively.  
  Group Inc. — Condensed Statements of Financial Condition  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   With third party banks 
   
   
 $         81 
   
   
 $         36  
 
   
 
   With subsidiary bank 
   
   
 3,000 
   
   
 1,300  
 
   
 
   Loans to and receivables from subsidiaries: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Bank subsidiaries 
   
   
 9,131 
   
   
 9,494  
 
   
 
   Nonbank subsidiaries 
   
   
 179,899 
   
   
 179,826  
 
   
 
   Investments in subsidiaries and other affiliates: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Bank subsidiaries 
   
   
 25,571 
   
   
 23,985  
 
   
 
   Nonbank subsidiaries and other affiliates 
   
   
 67,203 
   
   
 61,533  
 
   
 
   Financial instruments owned, at fair value 
   
   
 4,524 
   
   
 4,410  
 
   
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 6,273 
   
   
 7,472  
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 $295,682 
   
   
 $288,056  
 
       Liabilities and shareholders’
equity 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Payables to subsidiaries 
   
   
 $       875 
   
   
 $       591  
 
   
 
   Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value 
   
   
 775 
   
   
 443  
 
   
 
   Unsecured short-term borrowings: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   With third parties (includes $3,256 as of December 2016 and $4,924 as of December 2015, at fair
value) 
   
   
 27,159 
   
   
 29,547  
 
   
 
   With subsidiaries 
   
   
 999 
   
   
 628  
 
   
 
   Unsecured long-term borrowings: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   With third parties (includes $17,591 as of December 2016 and $16,194 as of December 2015, at fair
value) 
   
   
 172,164 
   
   
 164,718  
 
   
 
   With subsidiaries 
   
   
 5,233 
   
   
 3,854  
 
   
 
   Other liabilities and accrued expenses 
   
   
 1,584 
   
   
 1,547  
 
   Total liabilities 
   
   
 208,789 
   
   
 201,328  
 
   
 
       Commitments, contingencies
and guarantees 
       
   
 
 
       Shareholders’ equity 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Preferred stock 
   
   
 11,203 
   
   
 11,200  
 
   
 
   Common stock 
   
   
 9 
   
   
 9  
 
   
 
   Share-based awards 
   
   
 3,914 
   
   
 4,151  
 
   
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
   
 52,638 
   
   
 51,340  
 
   
 
   Retained earnings 
   
   
 89,039 
   
   
 83,386  
 
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 (1,216 
 )  
   
 (718) 
 
   
 
   Stock held in treasury, at cost 
   
   
 (68,694 
 )  
   
 (62,640) 
 
   Total shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 86,893 
   
   
 86,728  
 
   Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 $295,682 
   
   
 $288,056  
   Supplemental Disclosures:  
 Loans to and receivables from nonbank subsidiaries primarily includes overnight loans, the proceeds of which can be used to satisfy the
short-term obligations of Group Inc.    As of December 2016, unsecured long-term borrowings with subsidiaries by maturity date are
$3.83 billion in 2018, $90 million in 2019, $100 million in 2020, $132 million in 2021, and $1.08 billion in 2022-thereafter.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 199 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 
  Group Inc. — Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
 2014 
 
   Cash flows from operating activities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 $   7,398 
   
   
 $    6,083 
   
 $   8,477  
 
   
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 
   
   
 (2,285 
 )  
   
 (3,506) 
   
 (5,330) 
 
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 52 
   
   
 50 
   
 42  
 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 134 
   
   
 86 
   
 (4) 
 
   
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 193 
   
   
 178 
   
 188  
 
   
 
   Loss/(gain) related to extinguishment of junior subordinated debt 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 (34) 
   
 (289) 
 
   
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Financial instruments owned, at fair value 
   
   
 (1,580 
 )  
   
 (620) 
   
 6,766  
 
   
 
   Financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value 
   
   
 332 
   
   
 274 
   
 (252) 
 
   
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 (993 
 )  
   
 (56) 
   
 (5,793) 
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
   
 3,254 
   
   
 2,455  
   
 3,805  
 
   
 
       Cash flows from investing
activities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Purchase of property, leasehold improvements and equipment 
   
   
 (79 
 )  
   
 (33) 
   
 (15) 
 
   
 
   Issuances of short-term loans to subsidiaries, net 
   
   
 (3,994 
 )  
   
 (24,417) 
   
 (4,099) 
 
   
 
   Issuance of term loans to subsidiaries 
   
   
 (28,498 
 )  
   
 (8,632) 
   
 (8,803) 
 
   
 
   Repayments of term loans by subsidiaries 
   
   
 32,265 
   
   
 24,196  
   
 3,979  
 
   
 
   Capital distributions from/(contributions to) subsidiaries,
net 
   
   
 (3,265 
 )  
   
 (1,500) 
   
 865  
 
   Net cash used for investing activities 
   
   
 (3,571 
 )  
   
 (10,386) 
   
 (8,073) 
 
   
 
       Cash flows from financing
activities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Unsecured short-term borrowings, net 
   
   
 2,112 
   
   
 (2,684) 
   
 963  
 
   
 
   Proceeds from issuance of long-term borrowings 
   
   
 40,708 
   
   
 42,795 
   
 37,101  
 
   
 
   Repayment of long-term borrowings, including the current portion 
   
   
 (33,314 
 )  
   
 (27,726) 
   
 (27,931) 
 
   
 
   Purchase of APEX, trust preferred securities and senior guaranteed trust
securities 
   
   
 (1,171 
 )  
   
 (1) 
   
 (1,801) 
 
   
 
   Common stock repurchased 
   
   
 (6,078 
 )  
   
 (4,135) 
   
 (5,469) 
 
   
 
   Dividends and dividend equivalents paid on common stock, preferred stock and
 share-based  awards 
   
   
 (1,706 
 )  
   
 (1,681) 
   
 (1,454) 
 
   
 
   Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs 
   
   
 1,303 
   
   
 1,993 
   
 1,980 
 
   
 
   Proceeds from issuance of common stock, including exercise of share-based awards 
   
   
 6 
   
   
 259 
   
 123 
 
   
 
   Excess tax benefit related to share-based awards 
   
   
 202 
   
   
 407 
   
 782 
 
   
 
   Cash settlement of share-based awards 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (2) 
   
 (1) 
 
   Net cash provided by financing activities 
   
   
 2,062 
   
   
 9,225 
   
 4,293 
 
   Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 1,745 
   
   
 1,294 
   
 25 
 
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning balance 
   
   
 1,336 
   
   
 42 
   
 17 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, ending balance 
   
   
 $   3,081 
   
   
 $    1,336 
   
 $        42 
   
  Supplemental Disclosures:  
 Cash payments for third-party interest, net of capitalized interest, were $4.72 billion, $3.54 billion and $4.31 billion for
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.    Cash payments for income taxes, net of refunds, were $61 million, $1.28 billion and
$2.35 billion for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.    Cash flows related to common stock repurchased includes common stock
repurchased in the prior period for which settlement occurred during the current period and excludes common stock repurchased during the current period for which settlement occurred in the following period.  
 Non-cash activities during the year ended December 2016:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Group Inc. exchanged $1.04 billion of APEX for $1.31 billion of Series E and Series F
Preferred Stock. See Note 19 for further information.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Group Inc. exchanged $127 million of senior guaranteed trust securities for $124 million of Group
Inc.’s junior subordinated debt.    Non-cash activities during the year ended December 2015:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Group Inc. exchanged $262 million of Trust Preferred Securities and common beneficial interests held by
Group Inc. for $296 million of Group Inc.’s junior subordinated debt.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Group Inc. exchanged $6.12 billion in financial instruments owned, at fair value, held by Group Inc. for
$5.20 billion of loans to and $918 million of equity in certain of its subsidiaries.    Non-cash activities
during the year ended December 2014:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Group Inc. exchanged $1.58 billion of Trust Preferred Securities, common beneficial interests and senior
guaranteed trust securities held by Group Inc. for $1.87 billion of Group Inc.’s junior subordinated debt.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 200 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Supplemental Financial Information  
   
  Quarterly Results (unaudited)  
 The tables below present the firm’s unaudited quarterly results for 2016 and 2015. These quarterly results were prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP and reflect all adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair statement of the results. These adjustments are of a normal, recurring nature. The timing and magnitude of changes in the firm’s
discretionary compensation accruals (included in operating expenses) can have a significant effect on results in a given quarter.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Three Months Ended 
   


 
   in millions, except per 
 share data 
   
     
 December 2016 
       
   
     
 September 2016 
       
   
     
 June 2016 
       
   
     
 March 2016 
       
 
   Non-interest revenues 
   
   
 $7,834 
    
   
   
 $7,554 
    
   
   
 $7,178 
    
   
   
 $  5,455 
    
 
   
   
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 2,424 
    
   
   
 2,389 
    
   
   
 2,530 
    
   
   
 2,348 
    
 
   
   
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 2,088 
    
   
   
 1,775 
    
   
   
 1,776 
    
   
   
 1,465 
    
 
   Net interest income 
   
   
 336 
    
   
   
 614 
    
   
   
 754 
    
   
   
 883 
    
 
   Net revenues, including net interest income 
   
   
 8,170 
    
   
   
 8,168 
    
   
   
 7,932 
    
   
   
 6,338 
    
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 4,773 
    
   
   
 5,300 
    
   
   
 5,469 
    
   
   
 4,762 
    
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 3,397 
    
   
   
 2,868 
    
   
   
 2,463 
    
   
   
 1,576 
    
 
   
   
 
   Provision for taxes 
   
   
 1,050 
    
   
   
 774 
    
   
   
 641 
    
   
   
 441 
    
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 2,347 
    
   
   
 2,094 
    
   
   
 1,822 
    
   
   
 1,135 
    
 
   
   
 
   Preferred stock dividends 
   
   
 194 
    
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 188 
    
   
   
 (65 
 )  
 
   Net earnings applicable to common shareholders 
   
   
 $2,153 
    
   
   
 $2,100 
    
   
   
 $1,634 
    
   
   
 $  1,200 
    
 
   Earnings per common share: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 $  5.17 
    
   
   
 $  4.96 
    
   
   
 $  3.77 
    
   
   
 $    2.71 
    
 
   
   
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 5.08 
    
   
   
 4.88 
    
   
   
 3.72 
    
   
   
 2.68 
    
 
   
   
 
   Dividends declared per common share 
   
   
 0.65 
    
   
   
 0.65 
    
   
   
 0.65 
    
   
   
 0.65 
    
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Three Months Ended 
   
 
   in millions, except per 
 share data 
   
     
 December 2015 
       
   
     
 September 2015 
       
   
     
 June 2015 
       
   
     
 March 2015 
       
 
   Non-interest revenues 
   
   
 $6,573 
    
   
   
 $6,019 
    
   
   
 $8,406 
    
   
   
 $  9,758 
    
 
   
   
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 2,148 
    
   
   
 2,119 
    
   
   
 2,150 
    
   
   
 2,035 
    
 
   
   
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 1,448 
    
   
   
 1,277 
    
   
   
 1,487 
    
   
   
 1,176 
    
 
   Net interest income 
   
   
 700 
    
   
   
 842 
    
   
   
 663 
    
   
   
 859 
    
 
   Net revenues, including net interest income 
   
   
 7,273 
    
   
   
 6,861 
    
   
   
 9,069 
    
   
   
 10,617 
    
 
   
   
 
   Operating expenses 
   
   
 6,201 
    
   
   
 4,815 
    
   
   
 7,343 
    
   
   
 6,683 
    
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
   
 1,072 
    
   
   
 2,046 
    
   
   
 1,726 
    
   
   
 3,934 
    
 
   
   
 
   Provision for taxes 
   
   
 307 
    
   
   
 620 
    
   
   
 678 
    
   
   
 1,090 
    
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 765 
    
   
   
 1,426 
    
   
   
 1,048 
    
   
   
 2,844 
    
 
   
   
 
   Preferred stock dividends 
   
   
 191 
    
   
   
 96 
    
   
   
 132 
    
   
   
 96 
    
 
   Net earnings applicable to common shareholders 
   
   
 $   574 
    
   
   
 $1,330 
    
   
   
 $   916 
    
   
   
 $  2,748 
    
 
   Earnings per common share: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 $  1.28 
    
   
   
 $  2.95 
    
   
   
 $  2.01 
    
   
   
 $    6.05 
    
 
   
   
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 1.27 
    
   
   
 2.90 
    
   
   
 1.98 
    
   
   
 5.94 
    
 
   
   
 
   Dividends declared per common share 
   
   
 0.65 
    
   
   
 0.65 
    
   
   
 0.65 
    
   
   
 0.60 
    
   
  Common Stock Price Range  
 The table below presents the high and low sales prices per share of the firm’s common stock.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   
 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
   
 2015 
   
   
   
   
 2014 
   


 
   
   
   
 High 
    
   
   
 Low 
    
   
   
   
   
 High 
    
   
   
 Low 
    
   
   
   
   
 High 
    
   
   
 Low 
    
 
   First quarter 
   
   
 $177.50 
    
   
   
 $139.05 
    
   
 
   
   
 $195.73 
    
   
   
 $172.26 
    
   
 
   
   
 $181.13 
    
   
   
 $159.77 
    
 
   
   
 
   Second quarter 
   
   
 168.90 
    
   
   
 138.20 
    
   
 
   
   
 218.77 
    
   
   
 186.96 
    
   
 
   
   
 171.08 
    
   
   
 151.65 
    
 
   
   
 
   Third quarter 
   
   
 172.42 
    
   
   
 142.62 
    
   
 
   
   
 214.61 
    
   
   
 167.49 
    
   
 
   
   
 188.58 
    
   
   
 161.53 
    
 
   
   
 
   Fourth quarter 
   
   
 245.57 
    
   
   
 160.25 
    
   
   
   
   
 199.90 
    
   
   
 169.87 
    
   
   
   
   
 198.06 
    
   
   
 171.26 
    
   As of February 10, 2017, there were 8,177 holders of record of the firm’s common stock.  
 On February 10, 2017, the last reported sales price for the firm’s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange was $242.72 per
share.    Common Stock Performance  
 The graph and table below compare the performance of an investment in the firm’s common stock from December 31, 2011 (the last
trading day before the firm’s 2012 fiscal year) through December 31, 2016, with the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 500 Financials Index. The graph and table assume $100 was invested on December 31, 2011 in each
of the firm’s common stock, the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 500 Financials Index, and the dividends were reinvested on the date of payment without payment of any commissions. The performance shown represents past performance and
should not be considered an indication of future performance.        


 
      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
   
   
   
 2011 
    
   
   
 2012 
    
   
   
 2013 
    
   
   
 2014 
    
   
   
 2015 
    
   
   
 2016 
    
 
   The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. 
   
   
 $100.00 
    
   
   
 $143.37 
    
   
   
 $201.84 
    
   
   
 $223.59 
    
   
   
 $210.65 
    
   
   
 $284.19 
    
 
   
   
 
   S&P 500 Index 
   
   
 100.00 
    
   
   
 115.99 
    
   
   
 153.54 
    
   
   
 174.54 
    
   
   
 176.93 
    
   
   
 198.07 
    
 
   
   
 
   S&P 500 Financials Index 
   
   
 100.00 
    
   
   
 128.74 
    
   
   
 174.56 
    
   
   
 201.06 
    
   
   
 197.92 
    
   
   
 242.95 
    
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 201 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Supplemental Financial Information      
 
  Selected Financial Data  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended or as of December 


 
   
   
 2016 
   
 2015 
   
 2014 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
 
   Income statement data   ($ in millions) 
 
   Non-interest revenues 
   
 $  28,021 
   
 $  30,756 
   
 $  30,481 
   
 $  30,814 
   
 $  30,283 
 
   
 
   Interest income 
   
 9,691 
   
 8,452 
   
 9,604 
   
 10,060 
   
 11,381 
 
   
 
   Interest expense 
   
 7,104 
   
 5,388 
   
 5,557 
   
 6,668 
   
 7,501 
 
   Net interest income 
   
 2,587 
   
 3,064 
   
 4,047 
   
 3,392 
   
 3,880 
 
   Net revenues, including net interest income 
   
 30,608 
   
 33,820 
   
 34,528 
   
 34,206 
   
 34,163 
 
   
 
   Compensation and benefits 
   
 11,647 
   
 12,678 
   
 12,691 
   
 12,613 
   
 12,944 
 
   
 
   Non-compensation expenses 
   
 8,657 
   
 12,364 
   
 9,480 
   
 9,856 
   
 10,012 
 
   Pre-tax earnings 
   
 $  10,304 
   
 $    8,778 
   
 $  12,357 
   
 $  11,737 
   
 $  11,207 
 
   Balance sheet data   ($ in millions) 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $860,165 
   
 $861,395 
   
 $855,842 
   
 $911,124 
   
 $938,205 
 
   
 
   Deposits 
   
 124,098 
   
 97,519 
   
 82,880 
   
 70,696 
   
 69,995 
 
   
 
   Other secured financings (long-term) 
   
 8,405 
   
 10,520 
   
 7,249 
   
 7,524 
   
 8,965 
 
   
 
   Unsecured long-term  borrowings 
   
 189,086 
   
 175,422 
   
 167,302 
   
 160,695 
   
 167,084 
 
   
 
   Total liabilities 
   
 773,272 
   
 774,667 
   
 773,045 
   
 832,657 
   
 862,489 
 
   
 
   Total shareholders’ equity 
   
 86,893 
   
 86,728 
   
 82,797 
   
 78,467 
   
 75,716 
 
   Common share data  (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 
   Earnings per common share: 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $    16.53 
   
 $    12.35 
   
 $    17.55 
   
 $    16.34 
   
 $    14.63 
 
   
 
   Diluted 
   
 16.29 
   
 12.14 
   
 17.07 
   
 15.46 
   
 14.13 
 
   
 
   Dividends declared per common share 
   
 2.60 
   
 2.55 
   
 2.25 
   
 2.05 
   
 1.77 
 
   
 
   Book value per common share 
   
 182.47 
   
 171.03 
   
 163.01 
   
 152.48 
   
 144.67 
 
   
 
   Basic shares 
   
 414.8 
   
 441.6 
   
 451.5 
   
 467.4 
   
 480.5 
 
   Average common shares: 
 
   Basic 
   
 427.4 
   
 448.9 
   
 458.9 
   
 471.3 
   
 496.2 
 
   
 
   Diluted 
   
 435.1 
   
 458.6 
   
 473.2 
   
 499.6 
   
 516.1 
 
   Selected data   (unaudited) 
 
   Return on average common 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   shareholders’ equity 
   
 9.4% 
   
 7.4% 
   
 11.2% 
   
 11.0% 
   
 10.7% 
 
   Total staff: 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Americas 
   
 18,100 
   
 19,000 
   
 17,400 
   
 16,600 
   
 16,400 
 
   
 
   Non-Americas 
   
 16,300 
   
 17,800 
   
 16,600 
   
 16,300 
   
 16,000 
 
   Total staff 
   
 34,400 
   
 36,800 
   
 34,000 
   
 32,900 
   
 32,400 
 
   Assets under supervision  ($ in billions) 
 
   Asset class: 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Alternative investments 
   
 $       154 
   
 $       148 
   
 $       143 
   
 $       142 
   
 $       151 
 
   
 
   Equity 
   
 266 
   
 252 
   
 236 
   
 208 
   
 153 
 
   
 
   Fixed income 
   
 601 
   
 546 
   
 516 
   
 446 
   
 411 
 
   Total  long-term assets  under supervision 
   
 1,021 
   
 946 
   
 895 
   
 796 
   
 715 
 
   
 
   Liquidity products 
   
 358 
   
 306 
   
 283 
   
 246 
   
 250 
 
   Total assets under supervision 
   
 $    1,379 
   
 $    1,252 
   
 $    1,178 
   
 $    1,042 
   
 $       965 
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   The impact of adopting ASU No. 2015-03 was a reduction to both total assets and total liabilities of
$398 million, $383 million and $350 million as of December 2014, December 2013 and December 2012, respectively. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about ASU  No. 2015-03.       
 
 
 • 
   
   Basic shares represent common shares outstanding and restricted stock units granted to employees with no
future service requirements.  
  Statistical Disclosures  
 Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity  
 The tables below present a summary of average balances and interest rates. Assets, liabilities and interest are classified as U.S. and non-U.S.
based on the location of the legal entity in which the assets and liabilities are held.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   Average Balance 
 for the Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
 2015 
   
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 $  89,804 
   
   
   
 $  60,501 
   
   
   
 $  56,606 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 15,670 
   
   
   
 14,898 
   
   
   
 17,320 
   
 
   Total deposits with banks 
   
   
 105,474 
   
   
   
 75,399 
   
   
   
 73,926 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 177,930 
   
   
   
 193,512 
   
   
   
 206,994 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 129,150 
   
   
   
 111,168 
   
   
   
 108,766 
   
 
   Total securities borrowed, securities
purchased under agreements to resell and federal funds sold 
   
   
 307,080 
   
   
   
 304,680 
   
   
   
 315,760 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 147,862 
   
   
   
 167,727 
   
   
   
 192,089 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 102,387 
   
   
   
 97,152 
   
   
   
 101,163 
   
 
   Total financial instruments owned, at
fair value 
   
   
 250,249 
   
   
   
 264,879 
   
   
   
 293,252 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 43,367 
   
   
   
 34,521 
   
   
   
 21,459 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 4,609 
   
   
   
 2,440 
   
   
   
 966 
   
 
   Total loans receivable 
   
   
 47,976 
   
   
   
 36,961 
   
   
   
 22,425 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 37,525 
   
   
   
 41,022 
   
   
   
 47,930 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 32,732 
   
   
   
 45,235 
   
   
   
 43,131 
   
 
   Total other interest-earning assets 
   
   
 70,257 
   
   
   
 86,257 
   
   
   
 91,061 
   
 
   Total interest-earning assets 
   
   
 781,036 
   
   
   
 768,176 
   
   
   
 796,424 
   
 
   
   
 
   Cash and due from banks 
   
   
 13,985 
   
   
   
 13,803 
   
   
   
 8,642 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other non-interest-earning assets 
   
   
 91,875 
   
   
   
 91,970 
   
   
   
 89,195 
   
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 $886,896 
   
   
   
 $873,949 
   
   
   
 $894,261 
   
 
   Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 $  97,255 
   
   
   
 $  73,063 
   
   
   
 $  62,595 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 17,605 
   
   
   
 13,885 
   
   
   
 10,569 
   
 
   Total interest-bearing deposits 
   
   
 114,860 
   
   
   
 86,948 
   
   
   
 73,164 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 52,388 
   
   
   
 59,885 
   
   
   
 79,517 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 31,936 
   
   
   
 29,777 
   
   
   
 52,394 
   
 
   Total securities loaned and securities
sold under agreements to repurchase 
   
   
 84,324 
   
   
   
 89,662 
   
   
   
 131,911 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 36,273 
   
   
   
 36,609 
   
   
   
 39,708 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 35,797 
   
   
   
 36,066 
   
   
   
 42,511 
   
 
   Total financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair
value 
   
   
 72,070 
   
   
   
 72,675 
   
   
   
 82,219 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 43,684 
   
   
   
 42,743 
   
   
   
 45,841 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 13,656 
   
   
   
 14,447 
   
   
   
 18,751 
   
 
   Total short-term borrowings 
   
   
 57,340 
   
   
   
 57,190 
   
   
   
 64,592 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 182,808 
   
   
   
 172,160 
   
   
   
 164,568 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 10,488 
   
   
   
 8,843 
   
   
   
 7,201 
   
 
   Total long-term borrowings 
   
   
 193,296 
   
   
   
 181,003 
   
   
   
 171,769 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 147,177 
   
   
   
 156,248 
   
   
   
 153,600 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 59,852 
   
   
   
 62,672 
   
   
   
 62,311 
   
 
   Total other interest-bearing liabilities 
   
   
 207,029 
   
   
   
 218,920 
   
   
   
 215,911 
   
 
   Total interest-bearing liabilities 
   
   
 728,919 
   
   
   
 706,398 
   
   
   
 739,566 
   
 
   Non-interest-bearing deposits 
   
   
 2,996 
   
   
   
 1,986 
   
   
   
 799 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other non-interest-bearing liabilities 
   
   
 68,323 
   
   
   
 79,251 
   
   
   
 73,057 
   
 
   Total liabilities 
   
   
 800,238 
   
   
   
 787,635 
   
   
   
 813,422 
   
 
   
   
 
   Shareholders’ equity 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preferred stock 
   
   
 11,304 
   
   
   
 10,585 
   
   
   
 8,585 
   
 
   
   
 
   Common stock 
   
   
 75,354 
   
   
   
 75,729 
   
   
   
 72,254 
   
 
   Total shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 86,658 
   
   
   
 86,314 
   
   
   
 80,839 
   
 
   Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 $886,896 
   
   
   
 $873,949 
   
   
   
 $894,261 
   
 
   Percentage of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities attributable to
non-U.S. operations 
     
 
   Assets 
   
   
 36.43% 
   
   
   
 35.26% 
   
   
   
 34.07% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Liabilities 
   
   
 23.23% 
   
   
   
 23.46% 
   
   
   
 26.20% 
   
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 202 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Supplemental Financial Information      
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   Interest for the 
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
 2015 
   
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 $   382 
   
   
   
 $    143 
   
   
   
 $    146 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 70 
   
   
   
 98 
   
   
   
 81 
   
 
   Total deposits with banks 
   
   
 452 
   
   
   
 241 
   
   
   
 227 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 361 
   
   
   
 (369 
 )  
   
   
 (511 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 330 
   
   
   
 386 
   
   
   
 433 
   
 
   Total securities borrowed, securities purchased under agreements
to resell and federal funds sold 
   
   
 691 
   
   
   
 17 
   
   
   
 (78 
 )  
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 3,762 
   
   
   
 4,083 
   
   
   
 5,130 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 1,682 
   
   
   
 1,779 
   
   
   
 2,407 
   
 
   Total financial instruments owned, at fair value 
   
   
 5,444 
   
   
   
 5,862 
   
   
   
 7,537 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 1,620 
   
   
   
 1,101 
   
   
   
 650 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 223 
   
   
   
 90 
   
   
   
 58 
   
 
   Total loans receivable 
   
   
 1,843 
   
   
   
 1,191 
   
   
   
 708 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 914 
   
   
   
 754 
   
   
   
 723 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 347 
   
   
   
 387 
   
   
   
 487 
   
 
   Total other interest-earning assets 
   
   
 1,261 
   
   
   
 1,141 
   
   
   
 1,210 
   
 
   Total interest-earning assets 
   
   
 $9,691 
   
   
   
 $ 8,452 
   
   
   
 $ 9,604 
   
 
   Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 $   780 
   
   
   
 $    354 
   
   
   
 $    286 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 98 
   
   
   
 54 
   
   
   
 47 
   
 
   Total interest-bearing deposits 
   
   
 878 
   
   
   
 408 
   
   
   
 333 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 325 
   
   
   
 221 
   
   
   
 206 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 117 
   
   
   
 109 
   
   
   
 225 
   
 
   Total securities loaned and securities sold under agreements to
repurchase 
   
   
 442 
   
   
   
 330 
   
   
   
 431 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 607 
   
   
   
 644 
   
   
   
 828 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 644 
   
   
   
 675 
   
   
   
 913 
   
 
   Total financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair
value 
   
   
 1,251 
   
   
   
 1,319 
   
   
   
 1,741 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 401 
   
   
   
 401 
   
   
   
 413 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 45 
   
   
   
 28 
   
   
   
 34 
   
 
   Total short-term borrowings 
   
   
 446 
   
   
   
 429 
   
   
   
 447 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 4,175 
   
   
   
 3,722 
   
   
   
 3,327 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 67 
   
   
   
 156 
   
   
   
 133 
   
 
   Total long-term borrowings 
   
   
 4,242 
   
   
   
 3,878 
   
   
   
 3,460 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 (658 
 )  
   
   
 (1,378 
 )  
   
   
 (1,222 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 503 
   
   
   
 402 
   
   
   
 367 
   
 
   Total other interest-bearing liabilities 
   
   
 (155 
 )  
   
   
 (976 
 )  
   
   
 (855 
 )  
 
   Total interest-bearing liabilities 
   
   
 $7,104 
   
   
   
 $ 5,388 
   
   
   
 $ 5,557 
   
 
   Net interest income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 $1,409 
   
   
   
 $ 1,748 
   
   
   
 $ 2,300 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 1,178 
   
   
   
 1,316 
   
   
   
 1,747 
   
 
   Net interest income 
   
   
 $2,587 
   
   
   
 $ 3,064 
   
   
   
 $ 4,047 
   
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   Average Rate 
 for the Year Ended December 
   


 
   
   
   
 2016 
   
   
   
 2015 
   
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 0.43% 
   
   
   
 0.24% 
   
   
   
 0.26% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 0.45% 
   
   
   
 0.66% 
   
   
   
 0.47% 
   
 
   Total deposits with banks 
   
   
 0.43% 
   
   
   
 0.32% 
   
   
   
 0.31% 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 0.20% 
   
   
   
 (0.19)% 
   
   
   
 (0.25)% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 0.26% 
   
   
   
 0.35% 
   
   
   
 0.40% 
   
 
   Total securities borrowed, securities purchased under agreements
to resell and federal funds sold 
   
   
 0.23% 
   
   
   
 0.01% 
   
   
   
 (0.02)% 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 2.54% 
   
   
   
 2.43% 
   
   
   
 2.67% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 1.64% 
   
   
   
 1.83% 
   
   
   
 2.38% 
   
 
   Total financial instruments owned, at fair value 
   
   
 2.18% 
   
   
   
 2.21% 
   
   
   
 2.57% 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 3.74% 
   
   
   
 3.19% 
   
   
   
 3.03% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 4.84% 
   
   
   
 3.69% 
   
   
   
 6.00% 
   
 
   Total loans receivable 
   
   
 3.84% 
   
   
   
 3.22% 
   
   
   
 3.16% 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 2.44% 
   
   
   
 1.84% 
   
   
   
 1.51% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 1.06% 
   
   
   
 0.86% 
   
   
   
 1.13% 
   
 
   Total other interest-earning assets 
   
   
 1.79% 
   
   
   
 1.32% 
   
   
   
 1.33% 
   
 
   Total interest-earning assets 
   
   
 1.24% 
   
   
   
 1.10% 
   
   
   
 1.21% 
   
 
   Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 0.80% 
   
   
   
 0.48% 
   
   
   
 0.46% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 0.56% 
   
   
   
 0.39% 
   
   
   
 0.44% 
   
 
   Total interest-bearing deposits 
   
   
 0.76% 
   
   
   
 0.47% 
   
   
   
 0.46% 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 0.62% 
   
   
   
 0.37% 
   
   
   
 0.26% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 0.37% 
   
   
   
 0.37% 
   
   
   
 0.43% 
   
 
   Total securities loaned and securities
sold under agreements to repurchase 
   
   
 0.52% 
   
   
   
 0.37% 
   
   
   
 0.33% 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 1.67% 
   
   
   
 1.76% 
   
   
   
 2.09% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 1.80% 
   
   
   
 1.87% 
   
   
   
 2.15% 
   
 
   Total financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair
value 
   
   
 1.74% 
   
   
   
 1.81% 
   
   
   
 2.12% 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 0.92% 
   
   
   
 0.94% 
   
   
   
 0.90% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 0.33% 
   
   
   
 0.19% 
   
   
   
 0.18% 
   
 
   Total short-term borrowings 
   
   
 0.78% 
   
   
   
 0.75% 
   
   
   
 0.69% 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 2.28% 
   
   
   
 2.16% 
   
   
   
 2.02% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 0.64% 
   
   
   
 1.76% 
   
   
   
 1.85% 
   
 
   Total long-term borrowings 
   
   
 2.19% 
   
   
   
 2.14% 
   
   
   
 2.01% 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 (0.45)% 
   
   
   
 (0.88)% 
   
   
   
 (0.80)% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 0.84% 
   
   
   
 0.64% 
   
   
   
 0.59% 
   
 
   Total other interest-bearing liabilities 
   
   
 (0.07)% 
   
   
   
 (0.45)% 
   
   
   
 (0.40)% 
   
 
   Total interest-bearing liabilities 
   
   
 0.97% 
   
   
   
 0.76% 
   
   
   
 0.75% 
   
 
   Interest rate spread 
   
   
 0.27% 
   
   
   
 0.34% 
   
   
   
 0.46% 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 0.28% 
   
   
   
 0.35% 
   
   
   
 0.44% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 0.41% 
   
   
   
 0.49% 
   
   
   
 0.64% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Net yield on interest-earning assets 
   
   
 0.33% 
   
   
   
 0.40% 
   
   
   
 0.51% 
   
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 203 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Supplemental Financial Information      
 
  In the tables above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Derivative instruments and commodities are included in other non-interest-earning assets and other
non-interest-bearing liabilities.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Total other interest-earning assets primarily consists of certain receivables from customers and
counterparties.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Substantially all of the total other interest-bearing liabilities consists of certain payables to customers
and counterparties.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Interest rates for borrowings include the effects of interest rate swaps accounted for as hedges.
     
 
 
 • 
   
   The impact of adopting ASU No. 2015-03 was a reduction to both average total assets and average total
liabilities of $402 million for the year ended December 2014. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about this ASU.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   In December 2016, the firm reclassified amounts related to cash and securities segregated for regulatory
and other purposes that were previously included in total other interest-earning assets to total deposits with banks, total securities borrowed, securities purchased under agreements to resell and federal funds sold, and total financial instruments
owned, at fair value. The firm also reclassified amounts related to cash segregated for regulatory and other purposes that were previously included in other non-interest-earnings assets to cash and due from banks. Previously reported amounts have
been conformed to the current presentation. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about this reclassification.
 
  Changes in Net Interest Income, Volume and Rate Analysis  
 The tables below present an analysis of the effect on net interest income of volume and rate changes. In this analysis, changes due to
volume/rate variance have been allocated to volume.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 2016 versus December 2015 
   
 
   
   
 Increase (decrease) due to change in: 
   
   
   
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Volume 
    
   
   
 Rate 
    
   
       
 Net   Change 
         
 
   Interest-earning assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 $ 125 
    
   
   
 $   114 
    
   
   
 $   239 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 (28 
 )  
 
   Total deposits with banks 
   
   
 128 
    
   
   
 83 
    
   
   
 211 
    
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 (32 
 )  
   
   
 762 
    
   
   
 730 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 46 
    
   
   
 (102 
 )  
   
   
 (56 
 )  
 
   Total securities borrowed, securities purchased under agreements
to resell and federal funds sold 
   
   
 14 
    
   
   
 660 
    
   
   
 674 
    
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 (505 
 )  
   
   
 184 
    
   
   
 (321 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 86 
    
   
   
 (183 
 )  
   
   
 (97 
 )  
 
   Total financial instruments owned, at fair value 
   
   
 (419 
 )  
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (418 
 )  
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 330 
    
   
   
 189 
    
   
   
 519 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 105 
    
   
   
 28 
    
   
   
 133 
    
 
   Total loans receivable 
   
   
 435 
    
   
   
 217 
    
   
   
 652 
    
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 (85 
 )  
   
   
 245 
    
   
   
 160 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 (133 
 )  
   
   
 93 
    
   
   
 (40 
 )  
 
   Total other interest-earning assets 
   
   
 (218 
 )  
   
   
 338 
    
   
   
 120 
    
 
   Change in interest income 
   
   
 (60 
 )  
   
   
 1,299 
    
   
   
 1,239 
    
 
   Interest-bearing liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 194 
    
   
   
 232 
    
   
   
 426 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 21 
    
   
   
 23 
    
   
   
 44 
    
 
   Total interest-bearing deposits 
   
   
 215 
    
   
   
 255 
    
   
   
 470 
    
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 (47 
 )  
   
   
 151 
    
   
   
 104 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 8 
    
 
   Total securities loaned and securities sold under agreements to
repurchase 
   
   
 (39 
 )  
   
   
 151 
    
   
   
 112 
    
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 (37 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 (31 
 )  
 
   Total financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair
value 
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 (57 
 )  
   
   
 (68 
 )  
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 20 
    
   
   
 17 
    
 
   Total short-term borrowings 
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 11 
    
   
   
 17 
    
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 243 
    
   
   
 210 
    
   
   
 453 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 11 
    
   
   
 (100 
 )  
   
   
 (89 
 )  
 
   Total long-term borrowings 
   
   
 254 
    
   
   
 110 
    
   
   
 364 
    
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 41 
    
   
   
 679 
    
   
   
 720 
    
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 (24 
 )  
   
   
 125 
    
   
   
 101 
    
 
   Total other interest-bearing liabilities 
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 804 
    
   
   
 821 
    
 
   Change in interest expense 
   
   
 442 
    
   
   
 1,274 
    
   
   
 1,716 
    
 
   Change in net interest income 
   
   
 $(502 
 )  
   
   
 $     25 
    
   
   
 $ (477 
 )  
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 204 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Supplemental Financial Information      
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   Year Ended December 2015 
 versus December 2014 
   
 
   
   
 Increase (decrease) due to change in: 
   
   
   
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Volume 
   
   
   
 Rate 
   
   
   
 Net Change 
     
 
   Interest-earning assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 $     9 
   
   
   
 $     (12 
 )  
   
   
 $       (3 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 33 
   
   
   
 17 
   
 
   Total deposits with banks 
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 21 
   
   
   
 14 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 26 
   
   
   
 116 
   
   
   
 142 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
 (55 
 )  
   
   
 (47 
 )  
 
   Total securities borrowed, securities purchased under agreements
to resell and federal funds sold 
   
   
 34 
   
   
   
 61 
   
   
   
 95 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 (593 
 )  
   
   
 (454 
 )  
   
   
 (1,047 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 (73 
 )  
   
   
 (555 
 )  
   
   
 (628 
 )  
 
   Total financial instruments owned, at fair value 
   
   
 (666 
 )  
   
   
 (1,009 
 )  
   
   
 (1,675 
 )  
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 416 
   
   
   
 35 
   
   
   
 451 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 54 
   
   
   
 (22 
 )  
   
   
 32 
   
 
   Total loans receivable 
   
   
 470 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 483 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 (127 
 )  
   
   
 158 
   
   
   
 31 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 18 
   
   
   
 (118 
 )  
   
   
 (100 
 )  
 
   Total other interest-earning assets 
   
   
 (109 
 )  
   
   
 40 
   
   
   
 (69 
 )  
 
   Change in interest income 
   
   
 (278 
 )  
   
   
 (874 
 )  
   
   
 (1,152 
 )  
 
   Interest-bearing liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 51 
   
   
   
 17 
   
   
   
 68 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 7 
   
 
   Total interest-bearing deposits 
   
   
 64 
   
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 75 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 (72 
 )  
   
   
 87 
   
   
   
 15 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 (83 
 )  
   
   
 (33 
 )  
   
   
 (116 
 )  
 
   Total securities loaned and securities
sold under agreements to repurchase 
   
   
 (155 
 )  
   
   
 54 
   
   
   
 (101 
 )  
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 (55 
 )  
   
   
 (129 
 )  
   
   
 (184 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 (121 
 )  
   
   
 (117 
 )  
   
   
 (238 
 )  
 
   Total financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair
value 
   
   
 (176 
 )  
   
   
 (246 
 )  
   
   
 (422 
 )  
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 17 
   
   
   
 (12 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 (8 
 )  
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 (6 
 )  
 
   Total short-term borrowings 
   
   
 (37 
 )  
   
   
 19 
   
   
   
 (18 
 )  
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 164 
   
   
   
 231 
   
   
   
 395 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 29 
   
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 23 
   
 
   Total long-term borrowings 
   
   
 193 
   
   
   
 225 
   
   
   
 418 
   
 
   U.S. 
   
   
 (23 
 )  
   
   
 (133 
 )  
   
   
 (156 
 )  
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 33 
   
   
   
 35 
   
 
   Total other interest-bearing liabilities 
   
   
 (21 
 )  
   
   
 (100 
 )  
   
   
 (121 
 )  
 
   Change in interest expense 
   
   
 (132 
 )  
   
   
 (37 
 )  
   
   
 (169 
 )  
 
   Change in net interest income 
   
   
 $(146 
 )  
   
   
 $   (837 
 )  
   
   
 $   (983 
 )  
   
  Deposits  
 The table below presents a summary of the firm’s interest-bearing deposits.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
    
   
 2014 
   
 
   Average balances 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Savings and demand 
   
   
 $  59,357 
   
    
   
 $44,486 
   
    
   
 $41,785 
   
 
   
   
 
   Time 
   
   
 37,898 
   
    
   
 28,577 
   
    
   
 20,810 
   
 
   Total U.S. 
   
   
 97,255 
   
    
   
 73,063 
   
    
   
 62,595 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Demand 
   
   
 8,041 
   
    
   
 5,703 
   
    
   
 4,571 
   
 
   
   
 
   Time 
   
   
 9,564 
   
    
   
 8,182 
   
    
   
 5,998 
   
 
   Total Non-U.S. 
   
   
 17,605 
   
    
   
 13,885 
   
    
   
 10,569 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 $114,860 
   
    
   
 $86,948 
   
    
   
 $73,164 
   
 
       Average interest rates 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Savings and demand 
   
   
 0.56% 
   
    
   
 0.27% 
   
    
   
 0.23% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Time 
   
   
 1.18% 
   
    
   
 0.83% 
   
    
   
 0.91% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Total U.S. 
   
   
 0.80% 
   
    
   
 0.48% 
   
    
   
 0.46% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Demand 
   
   
 0.29% 
   
    
   
 0.19% 
   
    
   
 0.18% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Time 
   
   
 0.78% 
   
    
   
 0.53% 
   
    
   
 0.65% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Total Non-U.S. 
   
   
 0.56% 
   
    
   
 0.39% 
   
    
   
 0.44% 
   
 
   
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 0.76% 
   
    
   
 0.47% 
   
    
   
 0.46% 
   
   As of December 2016, deposits in U.S. and non-U.S. offices include $2.56 billion and
$8.53 billion, respectively, of time deposits that were greater than $100,000. The table below presents maturities of these time deposits held in U.S. offices.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 As of December 2016 
     
 
   3 months or less 
   
   
 $   687 
   
 
   
   
 
   3 to 6 months 
   
   
 891 
   
 
   
   
 
   6 to 12 months 
   
   
 386 
   
 
   
   
 
   Greater than 12 months 
   
   
 597 
   
 
   Total U.S. time deposits greater than $100,000 
   
   
 $2,561 
   
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 205 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Supplemental Financial Information      

 
 
  Short-Term and Other Borrowed Funds  
 The table below presents a summary of the firm’s securities loaned and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and short-term
borrowings. These borrowings generally mature within one year of the financial statement date and include borrowings that are redeemable at the option of the holder within one year of the financial statement date.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
    
   
 2014 
   
 
   Securities loaned and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
     
 
   Amounts outstanding at year-end 
   
   
 $79,340 
   
    
   
 $89,683 
   
    
   
 $  93,785 
   
 
   
   
 
   Average outstanding during the year 
   
   
 84,324 
   
    
   
 89,662 
   
    
   
 131,911 
   
 
   
   
 
   Maximum month-end outstanding 
   
   
 89,142 
   
    
   
 97,466 
   
    
   
 178,049 
   
 
   
   
 
   Weighted average interest rate 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   During the year 
   
   
 0.52% 
   
    
   
 0.37% 
   
    
   
 0.33% 
   
 
   
   
 
   At year-end 
   
   
 0.44% 
   
    
   
 0.39% 
   
    
   
 0.31% 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Short-term borrowings 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Amounts outstanding at year-end 
   
   
 $52,383 
   
    
   
 $57,020 
   
    
   
 $  60,099 
   
 
   
   
 
   Average outstanding during the year 
   
   
 57,340 
   
    
   
 57,190 
   
    
   
 64,592 
   
 
   
   
 
   Maximum month-end outstanding 
   
   
 61,840 
   
    
   
 60,522 
   
    
   
 68,570 
   
 
   
   
 
   Weighted average interest rate 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   During the year 
   
   
 0.78% 
   
    
   
 0.75% 
   
    
   
 0.69% 
   
 
   
   
 
   At year-end 
   
   
 0.94% 
   
    
   
 0.80% 
   
    
   
 0.68% 
   
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Amounts outstanding at year-end for short-term borrowings includes short-term secured financings of
$13.12 billion, $14.23 billion and $15.56 billion as of December 2016, December 2015 and December 2014, respectively.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The weighted average interest rates for these borrowings include the effect of hedging activities.
 
  Loan Portfolio  
 The table below presents a summary of the firm’s loans receivable. Loans receivable are classified as U.S. and non-U.S. based on the
location of the legal entity in which such loans are held.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 


 
 $ in millions 
   
 2016 
   
 2015 
   
 2014 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
 
   U.S. 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Corporate loans 
   
 $23,821 
   
 $19,909 
   
 $14,020 
   
 $  6,910 
   
 $2,187 
 
   
 
   Loans to private wealth management clients 
   
 12,386 
   
 12,824 
   
 10,989 
   
 6,545 
   
 4,057 
 
   
 
   Loans backed by: 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Commercial real estate 
   
 2,813 
   
 3,186 
   
 1,876 
   
 727 
   
 245 
 
   
 
   Residential real estate 
   
 3,777 
   
 2,187 
   
 311 
   
 — 
   
 — 
 
   
 
   Other loans 
   
 2,872 
   
 3,495 
   
 821 
   
 — 
   
 — 
 
   Total U.S. 
   
 45,669 
   
 41,601 
   
 28,017 
   
 14,182 
   
 6,489 
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Corporate loans 
   
 1,016 
   
 831 
   
 290 
   
 131 
   
 — 
 
   
 
   Loans to private wealth management clients 
   
 1,442 
   
 1,137 
   
 300 
   
 13 
   
 14 
 
   
 
   Loans backed by: 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Commercial real estate 
   
 1,948 
   
 2,085 
   
 549 
   
 708 
   
 — 
 
   
 
   Residential real estate 
   
 88 
   
 129 
   
 10 
   
 — 
   
 — 
 
   
 
   Other loans 
   
 18 
   
 38 
   
 — 
   
 — 
   
 — 
 
   Total non-U.S. 
   
 4,512 
   
 4,220 
   
 1,149 
   
 852 
   
 14 
 
   Total loans receivable, gross 
   
 50,181 
   
 45,821 
   
 29,166 
   
 15,034 
   
 6,503 
 
   Allowance for loan losses 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   U.S. 
   
 476 
   
 381 
   
 205 
   
 115 
   
 24 
 
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
 33 
   
 33 
   
 23 
   
 24 
   
 — 
 
   Total allowance for loan losses 
   
 509 
   
 414 
   
 228 
   
 139 
   
 24 
 
   Total loans receivable 
   
 $49,672 
   
 $45,407 
   
 $28,938 
   
 $14,895 
   
 $6,479 
   Allowance for Loan Losses  
 The table below presents changes in the allowance for loan losses. In the table below, provisions and allowance for loan losses primarily
relate to corporate loans and loans extended to private wealth management clients that are held in legal entities located in the U.S.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
   
 2015 
   
    
   
 2014 
   
    
   
 2013 
   
    
   
 2012 
   
 
   Allowance for loan losses 
     
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
   
 $414 
   
    
   
 $228 
   
    
   
 $139 
   
    
   
 $  24 
   
    
   
 $  8 
   
 
   
   
 
   Charge-offs 
   
   
 (8 
 )  
    
   
 (1 
 )  
    
   
 (3 
 )  
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   
   
 
   Provision for loan losses 
   
   
 138 
   
    
   
 187 
   
    
   
 92 
   
    
   
 115 
   
    
   
 16 
   
 
   
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 (35 
 )  
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Ending balance 
   
   
 $509 
   
    
   
 $414 
   
    
   
 $228 
   
    
   
 $139 
   
    
   
 $24 
   
     

    

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 206 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Supplemental Financial Information      
 
  Maturities and Sensitivity to Changes in Interest Rates  
 The table below presents the firm’s gross loans receivable by tenor and a distribution of such loans receivable between fixed and floating
interest rates.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   Maturities and Sensitivity to Changes 
 in Interest Rates as of December 2016 
   


 
 $ in millions 
   
       
 Less than 1 year 
          
   
     
 1 - 5 years 
       
   
       
 Greater than 5 years 
          
   
   
 Total 
    
 
   U.S. 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Corporate loans 
   
   
 $  2,213 
    
   
   
 $16,853 
    
   
   
 $4,755 
    
   
   
 $23,821 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans to private wealth management clients 
   
   
 9,701 
    
   
   
 2,685 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 12,386 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans backed by: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial real estate 
   
   
 59 
    
   
   
 2,386 
    
   
   
 368 
    
   
   
 2,813 
    
 
   
   
 
   Residential real estate 
   
   
 588 
    
   
   
 567 
    
   
   
 2,622 
    
   
   
 3,777 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other loans 
   
   
 157 
    
   
   
 1,568 
    
   
   
 1,147 
    
   
   
 2,872 
    
 
   Total U.S. 
   
   
 12,718 
    
   
   
 24,059 
    
   
   
 8,892 
    
   
   
 45,669 
    
 
   Non-U.S. 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Corporate loans 
   
   
 101 
    
   
   
 723 
    
   
   
 192 
    
   
   
 1,016 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans to private wealth management clients 
   
   
 1,442 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,442 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans backed by: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial real estate 
   
   
 25 
    
   
   
 1,864 
    
   
   
 59 
    
   
   
 1,948 
    
 
   
   
 
   Residential real estate 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 88 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 88 
    
 
   
   
 
   Other loans 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 18 
    
 
   Total non-U.S. 
   
   
 1,568 
    
   
   
 2,693 
    
   
   
 251 
    
   
   
 4,512 
    
 
   Total loans receivable, gross 
   
   
 $14,286 
    
   
   
 $26,752 
    
   
   
 $9,143 
    
   
   
 $50,181 
    
 
       Loans at fixed interest rates 
   
   
 $       35 
    
   
   
 $  1,752 
    
   
   
 $2,374 
    
   
   
 $  4,161 
    
 
   
   
 
   Loans at variable interest rates 
   
   
 14,251 
    
   
   
 25,000 
    
   
   
 6,769 
    
   
   
 46,020 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 $14,286 
    
   
   
 $26,752 
    
   
   
 $9,143 
    
   
   
 $50,181 
    
   Cross-border Outstandings  
 Cross-border outstandings are based on the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council’s (FFIEC) guidelines for reporting
cross-border information and represent the amounts that the firm may not be able to obtain from a foreign country due to country-specific events, including unfavorable economic and political conditions, economic and social instability, and changes
in government policies.    Credit exposure represents the potential for loss due to the default or deterioration in credit quality of a
counterparty or an issuer of securities or other instruments the firm holds and is measured based on the potential loss in an event of non-payment by a counterparty. Credit exposure is reduced through the effect of risk mitigants, such as netting
agreements with counterparties that permit the firm to offset receivables and payables with such counterparties or obtaining collateral from counterparties. The table below does not include all the effects of such risk mitigants and does not
represent the firm’s credit exposure.  
  The table below presents cross-border outstandings and commitments for each country in which
cross-border outstandings exceed 0.75% of consolidated assets in accordance with the FFIEC guidelines and include cash, receivables, securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities borrowed and cash financial instruments, but exclude
derivative instruments. Securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities borrowed are presented gross, without reduction for related securities collateral held. Margin loans (included in receivables) are presented based on the amount
of collateral advanced by the counterparty. Substantially all commitments in the tables below consist of commitments to extend credit and forward starting resale and securities borrowing agreements. Beginning in December 2016, securities
purchased under agreements to resell and securities borrowed transactions with agency lenders are presented based on the country of the underlying counterparty rather than the country of the agency lender. Amounts as of December 2015 and
December 2014 have been conformed to the current presentation.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 $ in millions 
   
   
 Banks 
    
   
 Governments 
   
 Other 
   
 Total 
   
 Commitments 
 
   As of December 2016 
   
 
 
   Cayman Islands 
   
   
 $         3 
    
   
 $       — 
   
 $34,756 
   
 $34,759 
   
 $  2,519 
 
   
 
   France 
   
   
 6,333 
    
   
 1,858 
   
 18,576 
   
 26,767 
   
 9,598 
 
   
 
   Germany 
   
   
 3,183 
    
   
 14,061 
   
 9,250 
   
 26,494 
   
 7,281 
 
   
 
   Japan 
   
   
 9,860 
    
   
 721 
   
 6,310 
   
 16,891 
   
 7,476 
 
   
 
   Italy 
   
   
 3,220 
    
   
 3,211 
   
 1,608 
   
 8,039 
   
 1,228 
 
   
 
   Canada 
   
   
 814 
    
   
 333 
   
 6,164 
   
 7,311 
   
 1,279 
 
   
 
   China 
   
   
 1,189 
    
   
 158 
   
 5,662 
   
 7,009 
   
 — 
 
   
 
   Singapore 
   
   
 190 
    
   
 6,165 
   
 505 
   
 6,860 
   
 97 
 
   
 
   South Korea 
   
   
 107 
    
   
 3,563 
   
 2,847 
   
 6,517 
   
 4 
 
       As of
December 2015 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Cayman Islands 
   
   
 $         1 
    
   
 $       — 
   
 $39,602 
   
 $39,603 
   
 $  3,046 
 
   
 
   France 
   
   
 5,596 
    
   
 2,904 
   
 23,853 
   
 32,353 
   
 4,795 
 
   
 
   Japan 
   
   
 10,254 
    
   
 297 
   
 11,648 
   
 22,199 
   
 9,684 
 
   
 
   Germany 
   
   
 4,080 
    
   
 7,969 
   
 8,497 
   
 20,546 
   
 5,008 
 
   
 
   Italy 
   
   
 4,326 
    
   
 3,691 
   
 2,647 
   
 10,664 
   
 2,634 
 
   
 
   Canada 
   
   
 1,173 
    
   
 310 
   
 8,642 
   
 10,125 
   
 1,404 
 
   
 
   U.K. 
   
   
 2,170 
    
   
 42 
   
 7,138 
   
 9,350 
   
 15,075 
 
   
 
   China 
   
   
 2,189 
    
   
 424 
   
 6,068 
   
 8,681 
   
 111 
 
   
 
   Singapore 
   
   
 192 
    
   
 7,462 
   
 502 
   
 8,156 
   
 14 
 
   
 
   South Korea 
   
   
 79 
    
   
 5,545 
   
 1,914 
   
 7,538 
   
 2 
 
       As of
December 2014 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Cayman Islands 
   
   
 $         2 
    
   
 $       — 
   
 $35,828 
   
 $35,830 
   
 $  2,658 
 
   
 
   Japan 
   
   
 13,931 
    
   
 375 
   
 19,649 
   
 33,955 
   
 11,413 
 
   
 
   France 
   
   
 4,730 
    
   
 4,932 
   
 18,289 
   
 27,951 
   
 12,214 
 
   
 
   Germany 
   
   
 5,362 
    
   
 5,252 
   
 10,647 
   
 21,261 
   
 4,631 
 
   
 
   China 
   
   
 2,474 
    
   
 6,221 
   
 4,984 
   
 13,679 
   
 6 
 
   
 
   Singapore 
   
   
 179 
    
   
 9,518 
   
 485 
   
 10,182 
   
 23 
 
   
 
   South Korea 
   
   
 528 
    
   
 7,550 
   
 1,791 
   
 9,869 
   
 — 
 
   
 
   Italy 
   
   
 3,331 
    
   
 4,198 
   
 2,215 
   
 9,744 
   
 783 
 
   
 
   U.K. 
   
   
 1,870 
    
   
 282 
   
 5,996 
   
 8,148 
   
 11,755 
 
   
 
   Canada 
   
   
 1,201 
    
   
 1,102 
   
 5,465 
   
 7,768 
   
 1,519 
 
   
 
   Mexico 
   
   
 52 
    
   
 6,162 
   
 594 
   
 6,808 
   
 103 
 
   
 
   Netherlands 
   
   
 1,588 
    
   
 123 
   
 5,071 
   
 6,782 
   
 1,890 
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 207 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 

 Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure    There were no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure during the last
two years.    Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures  
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out by Goldman Sachs’ management, with the participation of
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. In addition, no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act) occurred during the fourth quarter of our year ended December 31, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
 Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are set
forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.    Item 9B.    Other Information  
 Not applicable.
 
  PART III  
 Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
 Information relating to our executive officers is included on page 45 of this Form 10-K. Information relating to our directors, including
our audit committee and audit committee financial experts and the procedures by which shareholders can recommend director nominees, and our executive officers will be in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders,
which will be filed within 120 days of the end of 2016 (2017 Proxy Statement) and is incorporated herein by reference. Information relating to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to our senior financial officers, is included
under “Available Information” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K.  
 Item 11.    Executive Compensation  
 Information relating to our executive officer and director compensation and the compensation committee of the Board will be in the 2017 Proxy
Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.    Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters    Information relating to security ownership of certain beneficial
owners of our common stock and information relating to the security ownership of our management will be in the 2017 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 208 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 
  The following table provides information as of December 31, 2016 regarding securities
to be issued on exercise of outstanding stock options or pursuant to outstanding restricted stock units and securities remaining available for issuance under our equity compensation plans that were in effect during 2016.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Plan Category 
   
   
 Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options and Rights (a) 
               
   
   
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options (b) 
             
   
   
 Securities Remaining Available For Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (c) 
                 
 
   Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
   
   
 35,785,180 
   
   
   
 $123.36 
   
   
   
 72,991,954 
   
 
   
   
 
   Equity compensation plans not approved by security
holders 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 35,785,180 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 72,991,954 
   
   In the table above:      
 
 
 • 
   
   Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options and Rights includes: (i) 7,961,188 shares of
common stock that may be issued upon exercise of outstanding options and (ii) 27,823,992 shares that may be issued pursuant to outstanding restricted stock units. These awards are subject to vesting and other conditions to the extent set forth
in the respective award agreements, and the underlying shares will be delivered net of any required tax withholding.      
 
 
 • 
   
   The Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options relates only to the options described above. Shares
underlying restricted stock units are deliverable without the payment of any consideration, and therefore these awards have not been taken into account in calculating the weighted average exercise price.  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   Securities Remaining Available For Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans represents shares remaining
to be issued under our current stock incentive plan (SIP), excluding shares reflected in column (a). If any shares of common stock underlying awards granted under our current SIP or our SIP adopted in 2013 are not delivered due to forfeiture,
termination or cancellation or are surrendered or withheld, those shares will again become available to be delivered under our current SIP. Shares available for grant are also subject to adjustment for certain changes in corporate structure as
permitted under our current SIP.  
  Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence    Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions and director independence
will be in the 2017 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.  
 Item 14.    Principal Accounting Fees and Services  
 Information regarding principal accounting fees and services will be in the 2017 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.  
 PART IV    
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules    (a) Documents filed as part of this Report:  
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements    The
consolidated financial statements required to be filed in this Form 10-K are included in Part II, Item 8 hereof.    2. Exhibits  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
       2.1 
   
   Plan of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Registrant’s Registration
Statement on  Form S-1  (No. 333-74449)). 
 
 
 
 
       3.1 
   
   Restated Certificate of Incorporation of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., amended as of August 2, 2016
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016). 
 
 
 
 
       3.2 
   
   Amended and Restated By-Laws of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., amended as of February 18, 2016 (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
       4.1 
   
   Indenture, dated as of May 19, 1999, between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York, as trustee
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 6 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on  Form 8-A,  filed on
June 29, 1999).     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 209 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
       4.2 
   
   Subordinated Debt Indenture, dated as of February 20, 2004, between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and The Bank of
New York, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 28, 2003). 
 
 
 
 
       4.3 
   
   Warrant Indenture, dated as of February 14, 2006, between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York,
as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.34 to the Registrant’s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-3, filed on March 1, 2006). 
 
 
 
 
       4.4 
   
   Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2007, among GS Finance Corp., as issuer, The Goldman Sachs Group,
Inc., as guarantor, and The Bank of New York, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.69 to the Registrant’s Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to Form S-3, filed on December 4, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
       4.5 
   
   Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of July 16, 2008, between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York
Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.82 to the Registrant’s Post-Effective Amendment No. 11 to Form S-3 (No. 333-130074), filed on July 17, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
       4.6 
   
   Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 31, 2016, between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and The Bank
of New York Mellon, as trustee, with respect to the Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of July 16, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on
January 6, 2017). 
 
 
 
 
       4.7 
   
   Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2008, among GS Finance Corp., as issuer, The Goldman Sachs Group,
Inc., as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.70 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-154173), filed on
October 10, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
       4.8 
   
   First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 20, 2015, among GS Finance Corp., as issuer, The Goldman Sachs
Group, Inc., as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, with respect to the Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014). 
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
       4.9 
   
   Ninth Supplemental Subordinated Debt Indenture, dated as of May 20, 2015, between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, with respect to the Subordinated Debt Indenture, dated as of February 20, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on
May 22, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the Registrant and its subsidiaries
are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of  Regulation S-K.  The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish to the SEC, upon request, copies of any such instruments. 
 
 
 
 
     10.1 
   
   The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2015) (incorporated by reference to Annex B to the
Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on April 10, 2015).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.2 
   
   The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Restricted Partner Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  for the period ended
February 24, 2006).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.3 
   
   Form of Employment Agreement for Participating Managing Directors (applicable to executive officers) (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-75213)).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.4 
   
   Form of Agreement Relating to Noncompetition and Other Covenants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the
Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-75213)).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.5 
   
   Tax Indemnification Agreement, dated as of May 7, 1999, by and among The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and various
parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-75213)). 
 
 
 
 
     10.6 
   
   Amended and Restated Shareholders’ Agreement, effective as of January 15, 2015, among The Goldman Sachs
Group, Inc. and various parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014). 
 
 
 
 
     10.7 
   
   Instrument of Indemnification (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Registrant’s Registration
Statement on  Form S-1  (No. 333-75213)). 
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 210 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
     10.8 
   
   Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant’s Annual
Report on  Form 10-K  for the fiscal year ended November 26, 1999). 
 
 
 
 
     10.9 
   
   Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Registrant’s Annual
Report on  Form 10-K  for the fiscal year ended November 26, 1999). 
 
 
 
 
     10.10 
   
   Form of Indemnification Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2000 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 25, 2000). 
 
 
 
 
     10.11 
   
   Amendment No. 1, dated as of September 5, 2000, to the Tax Indemnification Agreement, dated as of
May 7, 1999 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 25, 2000). 
 
 
 
 
     10.12 
   
   Letter, dated February 6, 2001, from The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. to Mr. James A. Johnson (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.65 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
November 24, 2000).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.13 
   
   Letter, dated December 18, 2002, from The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. to Mr. William W. George
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
November 29, 2002).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.14 
   
   Form of Amendment, dated November 27, 2004, to Agreement Relating to Noncompetition and Other Covenants, dated
May 7, 1999 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 26, 2004).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.15 
   
   The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan for U.S. Participating Managing Directors
(terminated as of December 15, 2008) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2007).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.16 
   
   Form of Year-End Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Registrant’s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 28, 2008).  † 
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
     10.17 
   
   Form of Non-Employee Director Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to
the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.18 
   
   Form of Non-Employee Director RSU Award Agreement (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to
the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.19 
   
   Ground Lease, dated August 23, 2005, between Battery Park City Authority d/b/a/ Hugh L. Carey Battery Park City
Authority, as Landlord, and Goldman Sachs Headquarters LLC, as Tenant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 26, 2005). 
 
 
 
 
     10.20 
   
   General Guarantee Agreement, dated January 30, 2006, made by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. relating to certain
obligations of Goldman, Sachs & Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 25, 2005). 
 
 
 
 
     10.21 
   
   Goldman, Sachs & Co. Executive Life Insurance Policy and Certificate with Metropolitan Life Insurance Company for
Participating Managing Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 25, 2006).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.22 
   
   Form of Goldman, Sachs & Co. Executive Life Insurance Policy with Pacific Life & Annuity Company for
Participating Managing Directors, including policy specifications and form of restriction on Policy Owner’s Rights (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q  for the period ended August 25, 2006).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.23 
   
   Form of Second Amendment, dated November 25, 2006, to Agreement Relating to Noncompetition and Other Covenants,
dated May 7, 1999, as amended effective November 27, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 24, 2006).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.24 
   
   Description of PMD Retiree Medical Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s
Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  for the period ended
February 29, 2008).  † 
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 211 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
     10.25 
   
   Letter, dated June 28, 2008, from The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. to Mr. Lakshmi N. Mittal (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 30, 2008).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.26 
   
   General Guarantee Agreement, dated December 1, 2008, made by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. relating to certain
obligations of Goldman Sachs Bank USA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.80 to the Registrant’s Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to  Form S-3,  filed on
March 19, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
     10.27 
   
   Form of One-Time RSU Award Agreement (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to
the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.28 
   
   Amendments to Certain Non-Employee Director Equity Award Agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to the
Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 28, 2008).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.29 
   
   Form of Year-End RSU Award Agreement (not fully vested) (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to
the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.30 
   
   Form of Year-End RSU Award Agreement (fully vested) (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to
the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.31 
   
   Form of Year-End RSU Award Agreement (Base and/or Supplemental) (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38
to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.32 
   
   Form of Year-End Short-Term RSU Award Agreement (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to
the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.33 
   
   Form of Year-End Restricted Stock Award Agreement (fully vested) (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.34 
   
   Form of Year-End Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Base and/or Supplemental) (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2014).  † 
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
     10.35 
   
   Form of Year-End Short-Term Restricted Stock Award Agreement (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to
the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.36 
   
   Form of Fixed Allowance RSU Award Agreement (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to
the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.37 
   
   Form of Deed of Gift (incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q  for the period ended June 30, 2010).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.38 
   
   The Goldman Sachs Long-Term Performance Incentive Plan, dated December 17, 2010 (incorporated by reference to the
Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 23, 2010).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.39 
   
   Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to the
Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 23, 2010).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.40 
   
   Form of Performance-Based Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Report on
Form 8-K, filed on December 23, 2010).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.41 
   
   Form of Performance-Based Cash Compensation Award Agreement (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s
Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 23, 2010).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.42 
   
   Amended and Restated General Guarantee Agreement, dated November 21, 2011, made by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
relating to certain obligations of Goldman Sachs Bank USA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on  Form 8-K,  filed on
November 21, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
     10.43 
   
   Form of Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Registrant’s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.44 
   
   Description of Compensation Arrangements with Executive Officer (incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2012).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.45 
   
   The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Clawback Policy, effective as of January 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.53 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014). 
   

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 212 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
     10.46 
   
   Form of Non-Employee Director RSU Award Agreement.  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.47 
   
   Form of One-Time RSU Award
Agreement.  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.48 
   
   Form of Year-End RSU Award Agreement (not fully vested).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.49 
   
   Form of Year-End RSU Award Agreement (fully vested).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.50 
   
   Form of Year-End RSU Award Agreement (Base and/or Supplemental).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.51 
   
   Form of Year-End Short-Term RSU Award Agreement.  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.52 
   
   Form of Year-End Restricted Stock Award Agreement (not fully vested) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to
the Registrant’s Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.53 
   
   Form of Year-End Restricted Stock Award Agreement (fully vested) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the
Registrant’s Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.54 
   
   Form of Year-End Short-Term Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the
Registrant’s Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.55 
   
   Form of Fixed Allowance RSU Award Agreement.  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.56 
   
   Form of Fixed Allowance Restricted Stock Award Agreement.  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.57 
   
   Form of Fixed Allowance Deferred Cash Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the
Registrant’s Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.58 
   
   Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement.  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.59 
   
   Form of Performance-Based Cash Compensation Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the
Registrant’s Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015).  † 
 
 
 
 
     10.60 
   
   Form of Signature Card for Equity
Awards.  † 
 
 
 
 
     12.1 
   
   Statement re: Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Ratios of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and
Preferred Stock Dividends. 
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
     21.1 
   
   List of significant subsidiaries of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
     23.1 
   
   Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 
 
 
     31.1 
   
   Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications. 
 
 
 
 
     32.1 
   
   Section 1350 Certifications (This information is furnished and not filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). 
 
 
 
 
     99.1 
   
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Selected Financial Data. 
 
 
 
 
     99.2 
   
   Debt and trust securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 
 
 
   101 
   
   Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T:  (i) the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended
December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, (iv) the Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, and (vi) the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   †  This exhibit is a management contract or a compensatory plan or
arrangement. 
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
 213 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES  
   
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 T HE  G OLDMAN  S ACHS  G ROUP , I NC . 
 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
     /s/     
   
   Harvey M. Schwartz 
 
   Name:     
   
 
   
   Harvey M. Schwartz 
 
   Title: 
   
 
   
 President and Co-Chief Operating Officer; Chief Financial Officer 
 
   Date: 
   
 
   
   February 24, 2017 
   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
   /s/     
   
   Lloyd C. Blankfein 
 
   Name: 
   
 
   
   Lloyd C. Blankfein 
 
   Capacity:     
   
 
   
 Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
   Date: 
   
 
   
   February 24, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
   /s/     
   
   M. Michele Burns 
 
   Name: 
   
 
   
   M. Michele Burns 
 
   Capacity: 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
   Date: 
   
 
   
   February 24, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
   /s/     
   
   Mark A. Flaherty 
 
   Name: 
   
 
   
   Mark A. Flaherty 
 
   Capacity: 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
   Date: 
   
 
   
   February 24, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
   /s/     
   
   William W. George 
 
   Name: 
   
 
   
   William W. George 
 
   Capacity: 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
   Date: 
   
 
   
   February 24, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
   /s/     
   
   James A. Johnson 
 
   Name: 
   
 
   
   James A. Johnson 
 
   Capacity: 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
   Date: 
   
 
   
   February 24, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
   /s/     
   
   Ellen J. Kullman 
 
   Name: 
   
 
   
   Ellen J. Kullman 
 
   Capacity: 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
   Date: 
   
 
   
   February 24, 2017 
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   By: 
   
   /s/     
   
   Lakshmi N. Mittal 
 
   Name: 
   
 
   
   Lakshmi N. Mittal 
 
   Capacity: 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
   Date: 
   
 
   
   February 24, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
   /s/     
   
   Adebayo O. Ogunlesi 
 
   Name: 
   
 
   
   Adebayo O. Ogunlesi 
 
   Capacity: 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
   Date: 
   
 
   
   February 24, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
   /s/     
   
   Peter Oppenheimer 
 
   Name: 
   
 
   
   Peter Oppenheimer 
 
   Capacity: 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
   Date: 
   
 
   
   February 24, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
   /s/     
   
   Debora L. Spar 
 
   Name: 
   
 
   
   Debora L. Spar 
 
   Capacity: 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
   Date: 
   
 
   
   February 24, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
   /s/     
   
   Mark E. Tucker 
 
   Name: 
   
 
   
   Mark E. Tucker 
 
   Capacity: 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
   Date: 
   
 
   
   February 24, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
   /s/     
   
   David A. Viniar 
 
   Name: 
   
 
   
   David A. Viniar 
 
   Capacity: 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
   Date: 
   
 
   
   February 24, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
   /s/     
   
   Mark O. Winkelman 
 
   Name: 
   
 
   
   Mark O. Winkelman 
 
   Capacity: 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
   Date: 
   
 
   
   February 24, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
   /s/     
   
   Harvey M. Schwartz 
 
   Name: 
   
 
   
   Harvey M. Schwartz 
 
   Capacity: 
   
 
   
 President and Co-Chief Operating Officer; Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
   Date: 
   
 
   
   February 24, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
   /s/     
   
   Sarah E. Smith 
 
   Name: 
   
 
   
   Sarah E. Smith 
 
   Capacity: 
   
 
   
 Principal Accounting Officer 
 
   Date: 
   
 
   
   February 24, 2017 
     

    
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 214 
   
 Goldman Sachs 2016 Form 10-K 
   
   

 
 
 
