
 10-K
 1
 d877241d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549      
     FORM 10-K
         
 (Mark One)  
 
 
 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014  
  OR      
 
 
 ¨ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from
                       to
                        
 Commission file number 1-12744      
     MARTIN
MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC.    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
       
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 North Carolina 
   
 56-1848578 
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
   
   (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 
 
 
 2710 Wycliff Road, Raleigh, North Carolina 
   
 27607-3033 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
   (919) 781-4550  
 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)  
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of each class 
   
   Name of each exchange on which registered 


 
   Common Stock (par value $.01 per share) 
 (including rights attached thereto) 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
       
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act.    Yes   ¨     No   x   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
10-K.   x     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in  Rule 12b-2  of the Exchange Act.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer 
   
 x 
    
 Accelerated filer 
   
 ¨ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
   
 ¨   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 
   
 ¨ 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes   ¨     No   x   
 As of June 30, 2014, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $4,181,740,121 based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange.  
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer’s classes of common stock on the latest practicable date.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Class 
   
   Outstanding at February 13, 2015 


 
 Common Stock, $.01 par value per share 
   
 67,201,902 shares 
   DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Document 
   
   
   
   Parts Into Which Incorporated 


 
 Excerpts from Annual Report to Shareholders for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2014 (Annual Report) 
   
 
   
   Parts I, II, and IV 
 
 
 
 
 
 Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 21, 2015 (Proxy Statement) 
   
 
   
   Part III 
         
   

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  TABLE OF CONTENTS   
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
 Page 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 PART I  
   
 
    
   
 5 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 1. 
   
 BUSINESS 
    
   
 5 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 1A. 
   
 RISK FACTORS 
    
   
 23 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 1B. 
   
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
    
   
 37 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 2. 
   
 PROPERTIES 
    
   
 37 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 3. 
   
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
   
 42 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 4. 
   
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
   
 42 
   
 
 
 
 
      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT  
    
   
 43 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 PART II  
   
 
    
   
 43 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 5. 
   
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
    
   
 43 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 6. 
   
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
    
   
 44 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 7. 
   
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
   
 44 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 7A. 
   
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
   
 44 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 8. 
   
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
    
   
 45 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 9. 
   
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
    
   
 45 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 9A. 
   
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
   
 45 
    
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 9B. 
   
 OTHER INFORMATION 
    
   
 44 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 PART III  
   
 
    
   
 46 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 10. 
   
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
    
   
 46 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 11. 
   
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
    
   
 47 
   
 
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
     ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
   
 47 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
   
 47 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
   
 47 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 PART IV  
 
 
 
   
 48 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  
 
   
 48 
   
 
 
 
 
 SIGNATURES  
 
   
 54 
   
 
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART I  
   
 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS    General  
 Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (the “Company”) is a leading supplier of aggregates products (crushed stone, sand, and gravel) and
heavy building materials (cement) for the construction industry, including infrastructure, nonresidential, residential, railroad ballast, agricultural, and chemical grade stone used in environmental applications. The Company’s Aggregates
business consists primarily of mining, processing, and selling granite, limestone, sand and gravel. The Aggregates business also includes its aggregates-related downstream product lines (including its asphalt products, ready mixed concrete, and road
paving construction services). The Company’s Cement business, acquired on July 1, 2014 with the acquisition of Texas Industries, Inc. (“TXI”), produces Portland and specialty cements, such as masonry and oil well cements, with
production and distribution facilities in Texas and California. The Company also has a Magnesia Specialties business that manufactures and markets magnesia-based chemical products used in industrial, agricultural, and environmental applications, and
dolomitic lime sold primarily to customers in the steel industry. In 2014, the Company’s Aggregates business accounted for 83% of the Company’s consolidated net sales, the Company’s Cement business accounted for 8% of the
Company’s consolidated net sales, and the Company’s Magnesia Specialties business accounted for 9% of the Company’s consolidated net sales. Within the Company’s Aggregates business, the aggregates products line accounted for 70%
of 2014 net sales, while the aggregates-related downstream operations accounted for 30% of 2014 net sales.    The Company was formed in 1993
as a North Carolina corporation to serve as successor to the operations of the materials group of the organization that is now Lockheed Martin Corporation. An initial public offering of a portion of the Company’s Common Stock was completed in
1994, followed by a tax-free exchange transaction in 1996 that resulted in 100% of the Company’s Common Stock being publicly traded.  
 Initially, the Company’s aggregates operations were predominantly in the Southeast, with additional operations in the Midwest. In 1995,
the Company started its geographic expansion with the purchase of an aggregates business that included an extensive waterborne distribution system along the East and Gulf Coasts and the Mississippi River and provided the Company a shipping position
from the Bahamas. Smaller acquisitions that year, including the acquisition of the Company’s granite operations on the Strait of Canso in Nova Scotia, complemented the Company’s new coastal distribution network.  
 Subsequent acquisitions in 1997 and 1998 expanded the Company’s Aggregates business in the Ohio River Valley and added a leading producer
of aggregates products in Texas, which provided the Company with access to an extensive rail network in Texas. Additionally, in 1998, the Company made an initial investment in an aggregates business that would later serve as the Company’s
platform for further expansion in the southwestern and western United States. In 2001, the Company completed the purchase of all of the remaining interests of this business. These acquisitions increased the Company’s ability to use rail as a
mode of transportation.    These transactions positioned the Company for numerous additional expansion acquisitions, with the Company
completing over 80 smaller acquisitions from the time of its initial public offering until the present, which allowed the Company to enhance and expand its presence in the aggregates marketplace.  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In 2008, the Company entered into an asset exchange transaction with Vulcan Materials Company
(“Vulcan”), pursuant to which it acquired six quarry locations in Georgia and Tennessee. The acquired locations significantly expanded the Company’s presence, particularly south and west of Atlanta, Georgia. The Company also acquired
a land parcel previously leased from Vulcan at the Company’s Three Rivers Quarry near Paducah, Kentucky. In addition to a cash payment, as part of this exchange, the Company divested to Vulcan the only California quarry it then owned located in
Oroville, an idle facility north of San Antonio, Texas, and land in Henderson, North Carolina, formerly leased to Vulcan.    In 2009, the
Company acquired three quarry locations plus the remaining 49% interest in an existing joint venture from CEMEX, Inc. The quarry operations are located in Nebraska, Wyoming, and Utah, while the 49% interest purchased related to a quarry in Wyoming
where the Company was the operating manager. The acquired locations enhanced the Company’s existing long-haul distribution network and provided attractive product synergies.  
 In 2010, the Company acquired a deep-water port facility in Port Canaveral, Florida, which serves the greater Orlando market, the
second-largest aggregates-consuming area in Florida. The Port Canaveral acquisition, the only developed deep-water aggregates import terminal located on Florida’s central east coast, was complemented by the Company’s organic investment in
2010 in a new aggregates import facility at Port Manatee, Florida.    In 2011, the Company acquired three aggregates-related businesses.
First, it acquired the assets of an aggregates, asphalt, and ready mixed concrete business located in western San Antonio, Texas. Second, it exchanged certain assets with Lafarge  North America Inc. (“Lafarge”), pursuant to which it
received aggregate quarry sites, ready mixed concrete and asphalt plants, and a road paving business in and around the metropolitan Denver, Colorado, region, in exchange for which Lafarge received properties consisting of quarries, an asphalt plant,
and distribution yards operated by the Company along the Mississippi River (referred to herein as the Company’s “River District Operations”) and a cash payment. Finally, the Company acquired a privately-held ready mixed concrete
business in the Denver, Colorado area.    In 2013, the Company acquired three aggregates quarries in the greater Atlanta, Georgia area. The
transaction provided over 800 million tons of permitted aggregate reserves and enhanced the Company’s existing long-term position in this market.  
 In 2014, the Company completed the acquisition of TXI, further augmenting its position as a leading supplier of aggregates and heavy building
materials. TXI, as a stand-alone entity, was a leading supplier of heavy construction materials in the southwestern United States and a major supplier of natural aggregates and ready-mixed concrete in Texas, northern Louisiana and, to a lesser
extent, in Oklahoma and Arkansas. TXI was the largest supplier of construction aggregates, ready mixed concrete, concrete products, and cement in Texas. TXI was also a major cement producer in California. Now as a wholly-owned subsidiary, TXI
enhances the Company’s position as an aggregates-led, low cost operator in the large and fast-growing geographies in the United States and provides high quality assets in cement and ready mixed concrete.  
 In addition to the Cement business, the Company acquired as part of the TXI acquisition nine quarries and six aggregates distribution
terminals located in Texas, Louisiana, and Oklahoma. The Company also acquired approximately 120 ready mixed concrete plants, situated primarily in three areas of Texas (the Dallas/Fort Worth/Denton area of north Texas; the Austin area of central
Texas; and from Beaumont to Texarkana in east Texas), in north and central Louisiana, and in Southwestern Arkansas. The aggregates and ready mixed concrete operations are reported in the Company’s West Group of its Aggregates business. As part
of an agreement with the United States Department of Justice’s review of the transaction, the Company divested of its North Troy Quarry in Oklahoma and two related rail distribution yards in Dallas and Frisco, Texas.  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Between 2001 and 2014, the Company disposed of or idled a number of underperforming operations,
including aggregates, asphalt, ready mixed concrete, trucking, and road paving operations of its Aggregates business and the refractories business of its Magnesia Specialties business. In some of its divestitures, the Company concurrently entered
into supply agreements to provide aggregates at market rates to certain of these divested businesses. During 2014 the Company disposed of certain underperforming road paving operations in Arkansas and east Texas. The Company will continue to
evaluate opportunities to divest underperforming assets during 2015 in an effort to redeploy capital for other opportunities.    Business Segment
Information    The Company conducts its Aggregates business through three reportable segments: the Mid-America Group, Southeast
Group, and West Group. The Company’s Cement business is reported through the Cement segment. The Company also has the Magnesia Specialties segment, which includes its magnesia-based chemicals and dolomitic lime businesses. Information
concerning the Company’s total revenues, net sales, gross profit, earnings from operations, assets employed, and certain additional information attributable to each reportable business segment for each year in the three-year period ended
December 31, 2014 is included in “Note O: Business Segments” of the “Notes to Financial Statements” of the Company’s 2014 consolidated financial statements (the “2014 Financial Statements”), which are included
under Item 8 of this Form 10-K, and are part of the Company’s 2014 Annual Report to Shareholders (the “2014 Annual Report”), which information is incorporated herein by reference.  
 Aggregates Business    The
Aggregates business mines, processes and sells granite, limestone, sand, gravel, and other aggregate products for use in all sectors of the public infrastructure, nonresidential and residential construction industries, as well as agriculture,
railroad ballast, chemical, and other uses. The Aggregates business also includes the operation of other construction materials businesses. These businesses, located in the West Group, were acquired through continued selective vertical integration
by the Company, and include asphalt, ready mixed concrete, and road paving operations in Arkansas, Colorado, Louisiana, Texas, and Wyoming.  
 The Company is a leading supplier of aggregates for the construction industry in the United States. In 2014, the Company’s Aggregates
business shipped and delivered aggregates, asphalt products, and ready mixed concrete from a network of over 400 quarries, underground mines, distribution facilities, and plants to customers in 32 states, Canada, the Bahamas, and the Caribbean
Islands, generating net sales and earnings from operations of $2.2 billion and $320.1 million, respectively.    The Aggregates and Cement
business markets its products primarily to the construction industry, with approximately 44% of its aggregates shipments made to contractors in connection with highway and other public infrastructure projects and the balance of its shipments made
primarily to contractors in connection with nonresidential and residential construction projects. The Company believes public-works projects have historically accounted for approximately 50% of the total annual aggregates and cement consumption in
the United States. These businesses benefit from public-works construction projects. As a result of dependence upon the construction industry, the profitability of aggregates and cement producers is sensitive to national, regional, and local
economic conditions, and particularly to cyclical swings in construction spending, which is affected by fluctuations in interest rates, demographic and population shifts, and changes in the level of infrastructure spending funded by the public
sector.  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Company’s aggregates shipments volume has ranged from 122 million tons to
146 million tons over the last four years, reflecting a certain degree of volume stability, albeit at historically low levels, in a cyclical near-trough environment. During 2014, the Company’s heritage aggregates shipments increased 7.5%
compared with 2013 levels. Prior to 2010, the economic recession resulted in unprecedented reductions in aggregates shipments, as evidenced by United States aggregates consumption declining by almost 40% from peak volumes in 2006. Aggregates
shipments had also suffered as states continued to balance their construction spending with the uncertainty related to long-term federal highway funding and budget shortfalls caused by decreasing tax revenues. Most state budgets began to improve in
2013 and 2014 as increased tax revenues helped states resolve or begin to resolve budget deficits.    The federal highway bill provides
annual funding for public-sector construction projects. The current federal highway bill,  Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21 st  Century Act , or MAP-21, provides for infrastructure spending
of approximately $40 billion per year, but the bill expired by its terms on September 30, 2014. However, as Congress continues to deliberate a successor bill, the provisions of Map-21 have been extended through May 31, 2015. Additionally,
Congress authorized a $10.8 billion General Fund transfer to the Highway Trust Fund to maintain its solvency. These measures have not completely alleviated the reluctance by some states and municipalities to commit to large scale, multi-year
infrastructure projects supported by federal funding.    During the recent extended period of uncertainty in the level of federal funding,
some states have shown a commitment to securing alternative funding sources. For example, voters in Texas passed Proposition 1 in the November 2014 elections, which authorizes annual disbursements from the state’s oil and gas production tax
collections to the State Highway Fund. Supported by state-spending programs, heritage aggregates volumes to the infrastructure market increased 6% compared with 2013.  
 MAP-21 also significantly expanded funding under the  Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act , or TIFIA. TIFIA, a U.S.
Department of Transportation alternative funding mechanism, provides federal credit assistance for nationally or regionally significant surface transportation projects. The Company believes that the continued impact of TIFIA, which has the ability
to leverage up to $50 billion in financing for transportation projects of either national or regional significance, along with actions of the Company’s key states to utilize various funding alternatives to support important infrastructure jobs,
should provide an impetus for increased infrastructure spending in 2015 and beyond.    The Company’s Aggregates business covers a wide
geographic area. The Company’s five largest revenue-generating states (Texas, Colorado, North Carolina, Iowa, and Georgia) accounted for 68% of total 2014 net sales for the Aggregates business by state of destination. The Company’s
Aggregates business is accordingly affected by the economies in these regions and has been adversely affected in part by recessions and weaknesses in these economies from time to time. Recent improvements in the national economy and in some of the
states in which the Company operates have led to improvements in profitability in the Company’s Aggregates business.    The
Company’s Aggregates business is also highly seasonal, due primarily to the effect of weather conditions on construction activity within its markets. The operations of the Aggregates business that are concentrated in the northern and midwestern
United States and Canada typically experience more severe winter weather conditions than operations in the southeastern and southwestern regions of the United States. Excessive rainfall, flooding, or severe drought can also jeopardize shipments,
production, and profitability in all of the Company’s markets. Subject to these factors, the Company’s second and third quarters are typically the strongest, with the first quarter generally reflecting the weakest results. Results in any
quarter are not  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
necessarily indicative of the Company’s annual results. Similarly, the operations of the Aggregates business in the southeastern and Gulf Coast regions of the United States and the Bahamas
are at risk for hurricane activity, most notably in August, September, and October, and have experienced weather-related losses from time to time.  
 Natural aggregates sources can be found in relatively homogeneous deposits in certain areas of the United States. As a general rule, truck
shipments from an individual quarry are limited because the cost of transporting processed aggregates to customers is high in relation to the price of the product itself. As described below, the Company’s distribution system mainly uses trucks,
but also has access to a river barge and ocean vessel network where the per mile unit cost of transporting aggregates is much lower. In addition, acquisitions have enabled the Company to extend its customer base through increased access to rail
transportation. Proximity of quarry facilities to customers or to long-haul transportation corridors is an important factor in competition for aggregates businesses.  
 A growing percentage of the Company’s aggregates shipments are being moved by rail or water through a distribution yard network. In 1994,
93% of the Company’s aggregates shipments were moved by truck, the rest by rail. In contrast, in 2014, the originating mode of transportation for the Company’s aggregates shipments was 76% by truck, 19% by rail, and 5% by water. Although
the Company divested its River District Operations in 2011 as part of the asset exchange with Lafarge, the development of deep-water and rail distribution yards continues to be a key component of the Company’s strategic growth plan. While the
River District Operations were being serviced as part of the Company’s barge long-haul distribution network, those divested operations were not in high-growth states. The majority of rail and water movements occur in the Southeast Group and the
West Group, areas which generally lack a long-term indigenous supply of coarse aggregates but exhibit above-average growth characteristics driven by long-term population growth and density. The Company has an extensive network of aggregate quarries
and distribution centers throughout the southern United States and in the Bahamas and Canada, as well as distribution centers along the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic coasts. In 2014, 21.7 million tons of aggregates were sold from distribution
yards. Results from these distribution operations lowered the gross margin (excluding freight and delivery revenues) of the Aggregates business by 210 basis points in 2014. The gross margin (excluding freight and delivery revenues) of the Aggregates
business will continue to be reduced by the lower gross margins of the long-haul distribution network.    During the recent economic
recession, the Company set a priority of preserving capital while maintaining safe, environmentally-sound operations. As the Company returns to a more normalized operating environment, management expects to focus part of its capital spending program
on expanding key Southeast and Southwest operations.    The Company’s Medina Rock and Rail capital project, with a budgeted cost of
nearly $160 million, is the largest capital expansion project in its history. The project, located outside of San Antonio, Texas, consists of building a rail-connected limestone aggregates processing facility with the capability of producing in
excess of 10 million tons per year. Land acquisition was completed over several years as part of ongoing capital expenditures, and construction began in 2013. Through the end of 2014, the Company invested nearly $79 million, including $41
million in 2014. The project is expected to be completed, on time and under budget, in 2015.    The Company also acquires contiguous
property around existing quarry locations. This property can serve as buffer property or additional mineral reserve capacity, assuming the underlying geology supports economical aggregates mining. In either instance, the acquisition of additional
property around an existing quarry allows the expansion of the quarry footprint and extension of quarry life. Some locations having limited reserves may be unable to expand.  
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  A long-term capital focus for the Company, primarily in the midwestern United States due to the
nature of its indigenous aggregates supply, is underground limestone aggregate mines, which provide a neighbor-friendly alternative to surface quarries. The Company operates 14 active underground mines, located primarily in the Mid-America Group,
and is the largest operator of underground limestone aggregate mines in the United States. Production costs are generally higher at underground mines than surface quarries since the depth of the aggregate deposits and the access to the reserves
result in higher development, explosives and depreciation costs. However, these locations often possess transportation advantages that can lead to value-added, higher average selling prices than more distant surface quarries.  
 The Company’s acquisitions and capital projects have expanded its ability to ship material by rail, as discussed in more detail below.
The Company has added additional capacity in a number of locations that can now accommodate larger unit train movements. These expansion projects have enhanced the Company’s long-haul distribution network. The Company’s process improvement
efforts have also improved operational effectiveness through plant automation, mobile fleet modernization, right-sizing, and other cost control improvements. Accordingly, the Company has enhanced its reach through its ability to provide
cost-effective coverage of coastal markets on the east and gulf coasts, as well as geographic areas that can be accessed economically by the Company’s expanded distribution system. This distribution network moves aggregates materials from
domestic and offshore sources, via rail and water, to markets where aggregates supply is limited.    As the Company continues to move more
aggregates by rail and water, internal freight costs are expected to reduce gross margins (excluding freight and delivery revenues). This typically occurs where the Company transports aggregates from a production location to a distribution location
by rail or water, and the customer pays a selling price that includes a freight component. Margins are negatively affected because the Company typically does not charge the customer a profit associated with the transportation component of the
selling price of the materials. Moreover, the Company’s expansion of its rail-based distribution network, coupled with the extensive use of rail service in the Southeast and West Groups, increases the Company’s dependence on and exposure
to railroad performance, including track congestion, crew availability, and power availability, and the ability to renegotiate favorable railroad shipping contracts. The waterborne distribution network, primarily located within the Southeast Group,
also increases the Company’s exposure to certain risks, including the ability to negotiate favorable shipping contracts, demurrage costs, fuel costs, ship availability, and weather disruptions. The Company has entered into long-term agreements
with shipping companies to provide ships to transport the Company’s aggregates to various coastal ports.    The Company’s
long-term shipping contracts are generally take-or-pay contracts with minimum and maximum shipping requirements. If the Company fails to ship the annual minimum tonnages under the agreement, it must still pay the shipping company the
contractually-stated minimum amount for that year. In 2014, the Company did not incur any such charges; however, a charge is possible in 2015 if shipment volumes do not meet the contractually-stated minimums.  
 From time to time, the Company has experienced rail transportation shortages, particularly in the Southwest and Southeast. These shortages
were caused by the downsizing in personnel and equipment by certain railroads during economic downturns. Further, in response to these issues, rail transportation providers focused on increasing the number of cars per unit train under transportation
contracts and are generally requiring customers, through the freight rate structure, to accommodate larger unit train movements. A unit train is a freight train moving large tonnages of a single bulk product between two points without intermediate
yarding and switching. Certain of the Company’s sales yards have the system capabilities to meet the unit train  
      10  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
requirements. Over the last few years, the Company has made capital improvements to a number of its sales yards in order to better accommodate unit train unloadings. Rail availability is seasonal
and can impact aggregates shipments depending on competing movements.    From time to time, we have also experienced rail and trucking
shortages due to competition from other products. For example, in Texas, competition with operations in the oil and gas fields for third-party trucking services constrains the availability of these services to us. If there are material changes in
the availability or cost of rail or trucking services, we may not be able to arrange alternative and timely means to ship our products at a reasonable cost, which could lead to interruptions or slowdowns in our businesses or increases in our costs.
   The Company’s management expects the multiple transportation modes that have been developed with various rail carriers and via
deep-water ships should provide the Company with the flexibility to effectively serve customers in the southeastern and southwestern regions of the United States.  
 The construction aggregates industry has been consolidating, and the Company has actively participated in the consolidation of the industry.
When acquired, new locations sometimes do not satisfy the Company’s internal safety, maintenance, and pit development standards, and may require additional resources before benefits of the acquisitions are fully realized. Industry consolidation
slowed in the last several years as the number of suitable small to mid-sized acquisition targets in high-growth markets declined. During the recent period of fewer acquisition opportunities, the Company focused on investing in internal expansion
projects in high-growth markets. Management believes the number of acquisition opportunities has started to increase as the economy has begun to recover from the protracted recession. Opportunities include public and larger private, family-owned
businesses, as well as asset swaps and divestitures from companies rationalizing non-core assets and repairing financially-constrained balanced sheets. The Company’s Board of Directors and management continue to review and monitor the
Company’s strategic long-term plans, which include assessing business combinations and arrangements with other companies engaged in similar businesses, increasing market share in the Company’s core businesses, investing in internal
expansion projects in high-growth markets, and pursuing new opportunities related to the Company’s existing markets.    The Company
became more vertically integrated with an acquisition in 1998 and subsequent acquisitions, including the recently completed TXI acquisition, particularly in the West Group, pursuant to which the Company acquired asphalt, ready mixed concrete, paving
construction, trucking, and other businesses, which complement the Company’s aggregates operations. These aggregates-related downstream operations accounted for 30% of net sales of the Aggregates business in 2014. These aggregates-related
downstream operations reported within the Aggregates business segment have lower gross margins (excluding freight and delivery revenues) than the Company’s aggregates product line due to highly competitive market dynamics and lower barriers to
entry, and are affected by volatile factors, including fuel costs, operating efficiencies, and weather, to an even greater extent than the Company’s aggregates operations. Liquid asphalt and cement serve as key raw materials in the production
of hot mix asphalt and ready mixed concrete, respectively. Therefore, fluctuations in prices for these raw materials directly affect the Company’s operating results. During 2014, prices for liquid asphalt and cement were higher than 2013.
Liquid asphalt prices may not always follow other energy products (e.g., oil or diesel fuel) because of complexities in the refining process which converts a barrel of oil into other fuels and petrochemical products.  
 The Company continues to review carefully each of the acquired aggregates-related downstream operations to determine if they represent
opportunities to divest underperforming assets in an effort to redeploy capital for other opportunities. The Company also reviews other independent aggregates-related downstream operations to determine if they might present attractive acquisition
opportunities in the best interest of the Company, either as part of their own aggregates-related downstream operations or operations that might be  
      11  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
vertically integrated with other operations owned by the Company. Based on these assessments, in 2011 the Company completed the acquisitions described under  General  above, which included
aggregates-related downstream operations, including asphalt, ready mixed concrete, and road paving businesses in the Denver, Colorado, and San Antonio, Texas markets. The 2014 business combination with TXI described under  General  above
further expanded the Company’s aggregates-related downstream operations, with the addition of TXI’s aggregates and ready mixed concrete operations. The Company now accounts for the cement operations of TXI as a separate business segment as
described below under the  Cement Business  heading.    Environmental and zoning regulations have made it increasingly difficult
for the aggregates industry to expand existing quarries and to develop new quarry operations. Although it cannot be predicted what policies will be adopted in the future by federal, state, and local governmental bodies regarding these matters, the
Company anticipates that future restrictions will likely make zoning and permitting more difficult, thereby potentially enhancing the value of the Company’s existing mineral reserves.  
 Management believes the Aggregates business’ raw materials, or aggregates reserves, are sufficient to permit production at present
operational levels for the foreseeable future. The Company does not anticipate any material difficulty in obtaining the raw materials that it uses for current production in its Aggregates business. The Company’s aggregates reserves on the
average exceed  60 years of production, based on normalized levels of production. However, certain locations may be subject to more limited reserves and may not be able to expand. Moreover, as noted above, environmental and zoning regulations
will likely make it harder for the Company to expand its existing quarries or develop new quarry operations. The Company generally sells products in its Aggregates business upon receipt of orders or requests from customers. Accordingly, there is no
significant order backlog. The Company generally maintains inventories of aggregate products in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements of customers.  
 Less than 2% of the revenues from the Aggregates business are from foreign jurisdictions, principally Canada and the Bahamas, with revenues
from customers in foreign countries totaling $13.0 million, $16.8 million, and $20.5 million, during 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.    Cement
Business    The Cement business produces Portland and specialty cements, such as masonry and oil well cements. Similar to the
Aggregates business, cement is used in infrastructure projects, nonresidential and residential construction, and the railroad, agricultural, utility and environmental industries. The Company has the leading position in the Texas cement market, with
two production facilities, one located in Midlothian, Texas, south of Dallas/Fort Worth, and the other located in Hunter, Texas, between Austin and San Antonio. The Company also has a state-of-the-art, rail-located cement plant in southern
California at Oro Grande, California, near Los Angeles, California, and operates cement grinding and packaging facilities at the Crestmore plant near Riverside, California. The cement facilities have an annual capacity of approximately
6.6 million tons. In addition to the manufacturing and packaging facilities, the Company operates five cement distribution terminals.  
 Texas and California accounted for 71% and 24% of the Cement business’ net sales, respectively, in 2014. The Cement business is
benefitting from continued strength in the Texas markets, where current demand exceeds local supply, a trend that is expected to continue for the near future. The Company anticipates the California markets reaching a demand/supply equilibrium during
2016. The Cement business sold cement to customers in 13 states, with Texas accounting for 71% of net sales by state of destination. Truck and rail transportation modes represent 89% and 11%, respectively, of total tons shipped. A portion of the
cement from the Cement business is used in the Company’s ready mixed concrete product line.  
      12  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The limestone reserves used as a raw material for cement are located on property, owned by the
Company, adjacent to each of the cement plants. Management believes that its reserves of limestone are sufficient to permit production at the current operational levels for the foreseeable future.  
 The Cement business generally delivers its products upon receipt of orders or requests from customers. Accordingly, there are no significant
levels of order backlog. Inventory for products is generally maintained in sufficient quantities to meet rapid delivery requirements of customers .   
 Less than 2% of the revenues from the Cement business are from foreign jurisdictions, principally Mexico, with revenues from customers in
foreign countries totaling $3.8 million during 2014 for the period from the July 1, 2014 acquisition of TXI.    Magnesia Specialties Business
   The Company manufactures and markets, through its Magnesia Specialties business, magnesia-based chemical products for industrial,
agricultural, and environmental applications, and dolomitic lime for use primarily in the steel industry. These chemical products have varying uses, including flame retardants, wastewater treatment, pulp and paper production, and other environmental
applications. In 2014, 66% of Magnesia Specialties’ net sales were attributable to chemical products, 33% to lime, and 1% to stone sold as construction materials. Magnesia Specialties’ net sales increased to record levels in 2014
reflecting increased pricing and solid pricing gains in key product line.    Given the high fixed costs associated with operating this
business, low capacity utilization negatively affects its results of operations. A significant portion of the costs related to the production of magnesia-based products and dolomitic lime is of a fixed or semi-fixed nature. In addition, the
production of certain magnesia chemical products and lime products requires natural gas, coal, and petroleum coke to fuel kilns. Price fluctuations of these fuels affect the profitability of this business.  
 In 2014, 84% of the lime produced was sold to third-party customers, while the remaining 16% was used internally as a raw material in making
the business’ chemical products. Dolomitic lime products sold to external customers are used primarily by the steel industry. Products used in the steel industry, either directly as dolomitic lime or indirectly as a component of other
industrial products, accounted for 44% of the Magnesia Specialties’ net sales in 2014, attributable primarily to the sale of dolomitic lime products. Accordingly, a portion of the profitability of the Magnesia Specialties business is dependent
on steel production capacity utilization and the related marketplace. These trends are guided by the rate of consumer consumption, the flow of offshore imports, and other economic factors. The dolomitic lime business runs most profitably at 70% or
greater steel utilization; domestic capacity utilization averaged 77% in 2014 According to Moody’s Credit Outlook, steel production in 2014 increased 13% over 2013 and the 2015 forecast is an increase of 2% over 2014. Accordingly to Platt, a
division of McGraw Hill Financial, capacity utilization for 2014 was 77% and is expected to continue at this level or slightly improve in 2015.  
 Management has shifted the strategic focus of the magnesia-based business to specialty chemicals that can be produced at volume levels that
support efficient operations. Accordingly, that business is not as dependent on the steel industry as is the dolomitic lime portion of the Magnesia Specialties business.  
 The principal raw materials used in the Magnesia Specialties business are dolomitic limestone and alkali-rich brine. Management believes that
its reserves of dolomitic limestone and brine are sufficient to permit production at the current operational levels for the foreseeable future.  
      13  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  After the brine is used in the production process, the Magnesia Specialties business must dispose
of the processed brine. In the past, the business did this by reinjecting the processed brine back into its underground brine reserve network around its facility in Manistee, Michigan. The business has also sold a portion of this processed brine to
third parties. In 2003, Magnesia Specialties entered into a long-term processed brine supply agreement with The Dow Chemical Company (“Dow”) pursuant to which Dow purchases processed brine from Magnesia Specialties, at market rates, for
use in Dow’s production of calcium chloride products. Magnesia Specialties also entered into a venture with Dow to construct, own, and operate a processed brine supply pipeline between the Magnesia Specialties facility in Manistee, Michigan,
and Dow’s facility in Ludington, Michigan. Construction of the pipeline was completed in 2003, and Dow began purchasing processed brine from Magnesia Specialties through the pipeline. In 2010, Dow sold the assets of Dow’s facility in
Ludington, Michigan to Occidental Chemical Corporation (“Occidental”) and assigned to Occidental its interests in the long-term processed brine supply agreement and the pipeline venture with Magnesia Specialties.  
 In 2001 the Magnesia Specialties business sold certain assets of its refractories business to a wholly-owned subsidiary of Minerals
Technologies Inc. In connection with the sale, the business improved its cost structure through the write down of certain assets and the repositioning of the Manistee, Michigan, operating facility to focus on the production of chemical products. The
sale of the refractories business lessened the dependence of the Magnesia Specialties business on the steel industry over time.    Magnesia
Specialties generally delivers its products upon receipt of orders or requests from customers. Accordingly, there is no significant order backlog. Inventory for products is generally maintained in sufficient quantities to meet rapid delivery
requirements of customers. A significant portion of the 275,000 ton dolomitic lime capacity from the new lime kiln completed in 2012 at Woodville, Ohio is committed under a long-term supply contract.  
 The Magnesia Specialties business is highly dependent on rail transportation, particularly for movement of dolomitic lime from Woodville to
Manistee and direct customer shipments of dolomitic lime and magnesia chemicals products from both Woodville and Manistee. The segment can be affected by the specific transportation and other risks and uncertainties outlined under Item IA., Risk
Factors, of this Form 10-K.    Approximately 11% of the revenues of the Magnesia Specialties business in 2014 were from foreign
jurisdictions, principally Canada, Mexico, Europe, South America, and the Pacific Rim, but no single foreign country accounted for 10% or more of the revenues of the business. Revenues from customers in foreign countries totaled $29.0 million, $25.7
million, and $24.2 million, in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. As a result of these foreign market sales, the financial results of the Magnesia Specialties business could be affected by foreign currency exchange rates or weak economic conditions
in the foreign markets. To mitigate the short-term effects of currency exchange rates, the Magnesia Specialties business principally uses the United States dollar as the functional currency in foreign transactions.  
 Patents and Trademarks    As of
February 13, 2015, the Company owns, has the right to use, or has pending applications for approximately 54 patents pending or granted by the United States and various countries and approximately 114 trademarks related to business. The Company
believes that its rights under its existing patents, patent applications, and trademarks are of value to its operations, but no one patent or trademark or group of patents or trademarks is material to the conduct of the Company’s business as a
whole.  
      14  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Customers  
 No material part of the business of any segment of the Company is dependent upon a single customer or upon a few customers, the loss of any one
of which would have a material adverse effect on the segment. The Company’s products are sold principally to commercial customers in private industry. Although large amounts of construction materials are used in public works projects,
relatively insignificant sales are made directly to federal, state, county, or municipal governments, or agencies thereof.    Competition  
 Because of the impact of transportation costs on the aggregates industry, competition in the Aggregates business tends to be limited to
producers in proximity to each of the Company’s facilities. Although all of the Company’s locations experience competition, the Company believes that it is generally a leading producer in the areas it serves. Competition is based primarily
on quarry or distribution location and price, but quality of aggregates and level of customer service are also factors.    There are over
5,600 companies in the United States that produce construction aggregates. These include active crushed stone companies and active sand and gravel companies. The largest ten producers account for approximately 35% of the total market. The
Company’s aggregates-related downstream operations are also characterized by numerous operators. A national trade association estimates there are about 5,500 ready mixed concrete plants in the United States owned by over 2,200 companies, with
about 55,000 mixer trucks delivering ready mixed concrete. Similarly, a national trade association estimates there are about 3,700 asphalt plants in the United States owned by over 800 companies. The Company, in its Aggregates business, including
its aggregates-related downstream operations, competes with a number of other large and small producers. The Company believes that its ability to transport materials by ocean vessels and rail have enhanced the Company’s ability to compete in
the aggregates industry. Some of the Company’s competitors in the aggregates industry have greater financial resources than the Company.  
 The Company’s Magnesia Specialties business competes with various companies in different geographic and product areas principally on the
basis of quality, price, technological advances, and technical support for its products. The Magnesia Specialties business also competes for sales to customers located outside the United States, with revenues from foreign jurisdictions accounting
for 11% of revenues for the Magnesia Specialties business in 2014, principally in Canada, Mexico, Europe, South America, and the Pacific Rim. Certain of the Company’s competitors in the Magnesia Specialties business have greater financial
resources than the Company.    According to the Portland Cement Association, United States cement production is widely dispersed with the
operation of 107 cement plants in 36 states. The top five companies collectively operate 49.6 percent of U.S. clinker capacity with the largest company representing 14.2 percent of all domestic clinker capacity. An estimated 76.7 percent of U.S.
clinker capacity is owned by companies headquartered outside of the United States.    The Company’s Cement business competes with
various companies in different geographic and product areas principally on the basis of proximity, quality and price for its products, but level of customer service is also a factor. The Cement business also competes with imported cement because of
the higher value of the product and the existence of major ports in some of our markets. A small percentage of the Company’s cement sales are to customers located outside the United States, with less than 2% of revenues for the Cement business
in 2014 coming from sales from California to customers in Mexico. Certain of the Company’s competitors in the Cement business have greater financial resources than the Company.  
      15  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The nature of the Company’s competition varies among its product lines due to the widely
differing amounts of capital necessary to build production facilities. Crushed stone production from stone quarries or mines, or sand and gravel production by dredging, is moderately capital intensive. The Company’s major competitors in the
aggregates markets are typically large vertically integrated companies, with international operations. Ready-mixed concrete production requires relatively small amounts of capital to build a concrete batching plant and acquire delivery trucks. As a
result, in each local market the Company faces competition from numerous small producers as well as large vertically integrated companies with facilities in many markets. Construction of cement production facilities is highly capital intensive and
requires long lead times to complete engineering design, obtain regulatory permits, acquire equipment and construct a plant. Most domestic producers of cement are owned by large foreign companies operating in multiple international markets. Many of
these producers maintain the capability to import cement from foreign production facilities.    Research and Development  
 The Company conducts research and development activities, principally for its magnesia-based chemicals business, at its plant in Manistee,
Michigan. In general, the Company’s research and development efforts are directed to applied technological development for the use of its chemicals products. The amounts spent by the Company in each of the last two years on research and
development activities were not material.    Environmental and Governmental Regulations  
 The Company’s operations are subject to and affected by federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to the environment, health
and safety, and other regulatory matters. Certain of the Company’s operations may from time to time involve the use of substances that are classified as toxic or hazardous substances within the meaning of these laws and regulations.
Environmental operating permits are, or may be, required for certain of the Company’s operations, and such permits are subject to modification, renewal, and revocation.  
 The Company records an accrual for environmental remediation liabilities in the period in which it is probable that a liability has been
incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. Such accruals are adjusted as further information develops or circumstances change. The accruals are not discounted to their present value or offset for potential insurance or other claims or
potential gains from future alternative uses for a site.    The Company regularly monitors and reviews its operations, procedures, and
policies for compliance with existing laws and regulations, changes in interpretations of existing laws and enforcement policies, new laws that are adopted, and new laws that the Company anticipates will be adopted that could affect its operations.
The Company has a full time staff of environmental engineers and managers that perform these responsibilities. The direct costs of ongoing environmental compliance were approximately $19.6 million in 2014 and approximately $12.6 million in 2013 and
are related to the Company’s environmental staff, ongoing monitoring costs for various matters (including those matters disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K), and asset retirement costs. Capitalized costs related to environmental
control facilities were approximately $6.0 million in 2014 and are expected to be approximately $6.0 million in 2015 and 2016. The Company’s capital expenditures for environmental matters were not material to its results of operations or
financial condition in 2014 and 2013. However, our expenditures for environmental matters generally have increased over time and are likely to increase in the future. Despite our compliance efforts, risk of environmental liability is inherent in the
operation of the Company’s businesses, as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses, and there can be no assurance that environmental liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on the Company in the future.  
      16  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Many of the requirements of the environmental laws are satisfied by procedures that the Company
adopts as best business practices in the ordinary course of its operations. For example, plant equipment that is used to crush aggregates products may, as an ordinary course of operations, have an attached water spray bar that is used to clean the
stone. The water spray bar also suffices as a dust control mechanism that complies with applicable environmental laws. The Company does not break out the portion of the cost, depreciation, and other financial information relating to the water spray
bar that is only attributable to environmental purposes, as it would be derived from an arbitrary allocation methodology. The incremental portion of such operating costs that is attributable to environmental compliance rather than best operating
practices is impractical to quantify. Accordingly, the Company expenses costs in that category when incurred as operating expenses.    The
environmental accruals recorded by the Company are based on internal studies of the required remediation costs and estimates of potential costs that arise from time to time under federal, state, and/or local environmental protection laws. Many of
these laws and the regulations promulgated under them are complex, and are subject to challenges and new interpretations by regulators and the courts from time to time. In addition, new laws are adopted from time to time. It is often difficult to
accurately and fully quantify the costs to comply with new rules until it is determined the type of operations to which they will apply and the manner in which they will be implemented is more accurately defined. This process often takes years to
finalize and changes significantly from the time the rules are proposed to the time they are final. The Company typically has several appropriate alternatives available to satisfy compliance requirements, which could range from nominal costs to some
alternatives that may be satisfied in conjunction with equipment replacement or expansion that also benefits operating efficiencies or capacities and carry significantly higher costs.  
 Management believes that its current accrual for environmental costs is reasonable, although those amounts may increase or decrease depending
on the impact of applicable rules as they are finalized from time to time and changes in facts and circumstances. The Company believes that any additional costs for ongoing environmental compliance would not have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s obligations or financial condition.    Future reclamation costs are estimated using statutory reclamation requirements and
management’s experience and knowledge in the industry, and are discounted to their present value using a credit-adjusted, risk-free rate of interest. The future reclamation costs are not offset by potential recoveries. For additional
information regarding compliance with legal requirements, see “Note N: Commitments and Contingencies” of the “Notes to Financial Statements” of the 2014 Financial Statements and the 2014 Annual Report. The Company is generally
required by state or local laws or pursuant to the terms of an applicable lease to reclaim quarry sites after use. The Company performs activities on an ongoing basis that may reduce the ultimate reclamation obligation. These activities are
performed as an integral part of the normal quarrying process. For example, the perimeter and interior walls of an open pit quarry are sloped and benched as they are developed to prevent erosion and provide stabilization. This sloping and benching
meets dual objectives — safety regulations required by the Mine Safety and Health Administration for ongoing operations and final reclamation requirements. Therefore, these types of activities are included in normal operating costs and are not
a part of the asset retirement obligation. Historically, the Company has not incurred substantial reclamation costs in connection with the closing of quarries. Reclaimed quarry sites owned by the Company are available for sale, typically for
commercial development or use as reservoirs.    The Company believes that its operations and facilities, both owned or leased, are in
substantial compliance with applicable laws and regulations and that any noncompliance is not likely to have a material  
      17  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
adverse effect on the Company’s operations or financial condition. See “Legal Proceedings” under Item 3 of this Form 10-K, “Note N: Commitments and Contingencies” of
the “Notes to Financial Statements” of the 2014 Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this Form 10-K and the 2014 Annual Report, and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations - Environmental Regulation and Litigation” included under Item 7 of this Form 10-K and the 2014 Annual Report. However, future events, such as changes in or modified interpretations of existing laws and regulations or
enforcement policies, or further investigation or evaluation of the potential health hazards of certain products or business activities, may give rise to additional compliance and other costs that could have a material adverse effect on the Company.
   In general, quarry, mining, and cement production facilities must comply with air quality, water quality, and noise regulations, zoning
and special use permitting requirements, applicable mining regulations, and federal health and safety requirements. As new quarry and mining sites are located and acquired, the Company works closely with local authorities during the zoning and
permitting processes to design new quarries and mines in such a way as to minimize disturbances. The Company frequently acquires large tracts of land so that quarry, mine, and production facilities can be situated substantial distances from
surrounding property owners. Also, in certain markets the Company’s ability to transport material by rail and ship allows it to locate its facilities further away from residential areas. The Company has established policies designed to minimize
disturbances to surrounding property owners from its operations.    As is the case with other companies in the same industry, some of the
Company’s products contain varying amounts of crystalline silica, a common mineral also known as quartz. Excessive, prolonged inhalation of very small-sized particles of crystalline silica has been associated with lung diseases, including
silicosis, and several scientific organizations and some states, such as California, have reported that crystalline silica can cause lung cancer. The Mine Safety and Health Administration and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration have
established occupational thresholds for crystalline silica exposure as respirable dust. The Company monitors occupational exposures at its facilities and implements dust control procedures and/or makes available appropriate respiratory protective
equipment to maintain the occupational exposures at or below the appropriate levels. The Company, through safety information sheets and other means, also communicates what it believes to be appropriate warnings and cautions its employees and
customers about the risks associated with excessive, prolonged inhalation of mineral dust in general and crystalline silica in particular.  
 As is the case with other companies in the cement industry, the Company’s cement operations produce varying quantities of cement kiln
dust (“CKD”). This production by-product consists of fine-grained, solid, highly alkaline material removed from cement kiln exhaust gas by air pollution control devices. Because much of the CKD is actually unreacted raw materials, it is
generally permissible to recycle the CKD back into the production process, and large amounts often are treated in such manner. CKD that is not returned to the production process is disposed in landfills. CKD is currently exempted from federal
hazardous waste regulations under Subtitle C of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act.    In 2010, the United States Environmental
Protection Agency (“USEPA”) included the lime industry as a national enforcement priority under the federal Clean Air Act (“CAA”). As part of the industry wide effort, the USEPA issued Notices of Violation/Findings of Violation
(“NOVs”) to the Company in 2010 and 2011 regarding the Company’s compliance with the CAA New Source Review (“NSR”) program at the Magnesia Specialties dolomitic lime manufacturing plant in Woodville, Ohio. The Company
has been providing information to the USEPA in response to these NOVs and has had several meetings with the USEPA. The Company believes it is in substantial compliance with the NSR program. The Company cannot at this time reasonably estimate
what reasonable likely penalties or upgrades to equipment might ultimately be required.  
      18  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
The Company believes that any costs related to any required upgrades will be spread over time and will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s operations or its financial
condition, but can give no assurance that the ultimate resolution of this matter will not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of the Magnesia Specialties segment of the business.  
 In October 2014, the Company received a CAA Section 114 request for information regarding the Manistee, Michigan operations from the
USEPA, similar to the one initially received at the Woodville, Ohio plant. The letter seeks information regarding the Company’s compliance with the NSR program at the Magnesia Specialties manufacturing plant in Manistee, Michigan. No notices of
violation have been received by the Company relating to alleged non-compliance at the Manistee plant. The Company believes it is in substantial compliance with the NSR program and is currently submitting information to the USEPA for review. The
Company cannot at this time reasonably estimate the costs, if any, that may be incurred relating to this matter.    In September 2005, the
USEPA designated several entities as potentially responsible parties (“PRPs”) under the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (“CERCLA”), at the Ward Transformer Superfund site located in
Raleigh, North Carolina. In April 2009, two PRPs filed separate actions in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina against more than 100 other entities, including the Company, seeking contribution from the defendants
for expenses incurred by the plaintiffs related to work performed at a portion of the site. The USEPA has not designated the Company as a PRP. The ultimate outcome of these matters will depend upon further environmental assessment and the ultimate
number of PRPs and defendants who are held liable for the costs and cannot be determined at this time. The Company believes that any liability will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition or results of
operations.    The Company has been reviewing its operations with respect to climate change matters and its sources of greenhouse gas
emissions. In December 2009, the USEPA made an endangerment finding under the Clean Air Act that the current and projected concentrations of the six key greenhouse gases (“GHG” or “GHGs”) in the atmosphere threaten the public
health and welfare of current and future generations. The six GHGs are carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons, and sulfur hexafluoride. As of 2010, facilities that emitted 25,000 metric tons or more per year of
GHGs are required to annually report GHG generation to comply with the USEPA’s Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule. In May 2010, the USEPA issued a final rule (known as the Greenhouse Gas Tailoring Rule) that would have required the Company
to incorporate best available GHG control technology in any new plant that it might propose to build and in its existing plants if it modified them in a manner that would increase GHG emissions (in the Company’s case, principally carbon dioxide
emissions) by more than 75,000 tons per year. This rule was challenged in court by various public and private parties, and was upheld in part and invalidated in part by the United States Supreme Court in an opinion issued on June 23,
2014. The Court concluded that the USEPA may in fact require best available control technology for GHG, but only if the plant is otherwise subject to Prevention of Significant Deterioration or Title V air permitting under the USEPA’s
rules. It is not known whether the USEPA will revise its rules in response to the Court’s decision and, if so, what the impact will be on the Company’s operations. No technologies or methods of operation for reducing or capturing GHGs
such as carbon dioxide have been proven successful in large scale applications other than improvements in fuel efficiency, and it is not known what the USEPA will require as best available control technology for plants or conditions it will require
for operating permits in the event of modifications to plants or construction of new plants.    In Congress, both the House and Senate had
considered climate change legislation, including the “cap-and-trade” approach. Cap and trade is an environmental policy tool that delivers results with a mandatory cap  
      19  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
on emissions while providing sources flexibility in how they comply by trading credits with other sources whose emissions are below the cap. Another approach that had been proposed was a tax on
emissions. The Company believes that climate change legislation is not a priority item in Congress in the near future and that the primary method that greenhouse gases will be regulated is through the USEPA using its rule-making authority. Various
states where the Company has operations are also considering climate change initiatives, and the Company may be subject to state regulations in addition to any federal laws and rules that are passed.  
 The operations of the Company’s Aggregates business are not major sources of GHG emissions. Most of the GHG emissions from aggregate
operations are tailpipe emissions from mobile sources such as heavy construction and earth-moving equipment. The manufacturing operations of the Company’s Magnesia Specialties business in Woodville, Ohio releases carbon dioxide, methane and
nitrous oxide during the production of lime. The Magnesia Specialties operation in Manistee, Michigan releases carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxides in the manufacture of magnesium oxide and hydroxide products. Both of these operations are
filing annual reports of their GHG emissions in accordance with the USEPA’s Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule.    Cement
production worldwide is estimated to comprise approximately 5% to 10% of CO 2  or GHG emissions, and the USEPA has indicated that CO 2 
emitted from cement production is the second largest source of CO 2  emissions in the United States. The Company’s subsidiaries, Riverside Cement Company and TXI, are filing annual reports
of the GHG emissions relating to their cement operations. In addition, as it operates in California, Riverside Cement is subject to California’s existing GHG emissions trading/credit program. The Company believes that Riverside Cement has
purchased an adequate number of additional emission credits to remain under the regulated limits, and that program will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s or the Cement business’ financial condition or results of
operations.    If and when Congress passes legislation on GHGs, the Woodville and Manistee operations, as well as the Company’s cement
operations, will likely be subject to the new program. In addition, the Company believes that the USEPA may impose additional regulatory restrictions on emissions of GHGs that will impact the Company’s Woodville, Manistee, and cement
operations. The Company anticipates that any increased operating costs or taxes relating to GHG emission limitations at the Woodville, Manistee, or cement operations would be passed on to customers. The magnesium oxide products produced at the
Manistee operation compete against other products that emit a lower level of GHGs in their production. Therefore, the Manistee facility may be required to absorb additional costs due to the regulation of GHG emissions in order to remain competitive
in pricing in that market. The Company is also continuing to review the obligations of our Manistee facility’s global customer base with regards to climate change treaties and accords. The Company at this time cannot reasonably predict what the
costs of compliance will be, but does not believe it will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of the operations of either the Magnesia Specialties or Cement businesses.  
 In California, the California Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006, or AB32, required the California Air Resources Board (“CARB”) to
implement rules designed to achieve a statewide reduction in emissions of GHGs in California to 1990 levels by 2020. In response, CARB adopted rules that establish a market-based cap-and-trade program, which began on January 1, 2013. The rules
apply to Riverside Cement’s cement plant in Oro Grande, California. The rules establish a statewide cap on the level of GHG emissions from covered industries for each year from 2013 to 2020. The cap declines approximately 2% to 3% per
year. Individual facilities will not be assigned a specific limit on GHG emissions. Instead, a facility will be required to surrender allowances (each covering the equivalent of one ton of carbon dioxide) equal to its total GHG emissions. CARB will
allocate allowances equal to the declining cap in a manner prescribed by the rules. As part of the program, CARB will provide significant free allowances to cement plants because the sector is considered by CARB to
 
      20  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
be energy intensive and trade exposed. A cement plant’s allocation of free allowances is based on the California cement sector intensity benchmark determined by CARB, which is referred to as
GHG intensity (i.e., GHG emissions per unit of production). The plant’s annual GHG intensity is compared to the CARB benchmark, and any emissions over the established benchmark are required to be purchased in the form of allowances or allowance
offsets. If a plant’s emissions exceed the number of allowances it receives, it may purchase additional allowances in the open market, buy them at a regular quarterly auction conducted by CARB, or purchase them from a state price containment
reserve. The rules established a minimum price of $10 per ton of carbon dioxide equivalent (which increases by a minimum of 5% plus inflation each year), and actual prices will depend on market conditions. A plant’s level of free allowances
will be reduced over time with the implementation of a cap adjustment factor intended to gradually reduce the statewide cap over time. The Company expects that the number of free allowances allocated to Riverside Cement will not be sufficient to
cover all of its GHG emissions, but it will be unable to determine the total number of allowances that Riverside Cement will be required to purchase for any year until the year ends and its total GHG emissions for the period are determined.
Riverside Cement has begun to purchase allowances to cover GHG emissions that it expects will exceed its free allowances. In addition to the cost of purchasing allowances, Riverside Cement also expects that its energy costs will increase due to the
impact of these regulations on the electric utility industry. The California cement industry is discussing a number of issues with CARB, including a California border adjustment mechanism to help create a level playing field with imported cement,
but it is uncertain whether such a mechanism will be implemented. The validity of the law and rules remains under attack in several lawsuits, the results of which remain uncertain. The Company at this time cannot reasonably predict what the costs of
compliance will be, but does not believe it will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of the operations of Cement businesses.  
 Various states have banded together in initiatives to develop regional strategies to address climate change. Certain western states, including
California, and Canadian provinces have formed the Western Climate Initiative, which is working to establish goals for the reduction of GHG emissions in the member states and design market-based mechanisms to help achieve these reduction goals.
California’s climate change laws and regulations are designed to coordinate with the Western Climate Initiative. Other states may join these initiatives or form additional initiatives or coalitions intended to regulate the emission of GHGs.
   In 2010, the USEPA issued rules that dramatically reduced the permitted emissions of mercury, total hydrocarbons, particulate matter and
hydrochloric acid from cement plants. The compliance date for these new standards is September 2015. The Company has conducted tests to analyze the current level of compliance of its newly-acquired cement plants with the standards in the revised
rule. All plants will require the installation of continuous emissions monitoring (“CEMs”). In addition, the cement plant in Oro Grande, California will require new controls to satisfy the mercury emission standard and the hydrochloric
acid standard. The Company, through its subsidiaries, Riverside Cement and TXI, have identified, tested and ordered new control and monitoring equipment for these purposes, and believe that the cement plants meet the other emission requirements in
these rules. The Company does not believe that the costs relating to these controls and equipment will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of the operations of either the Company or the Cement business.  
 Employees    As of January 31,
2015, the Company has 7,193 employees, of which 5,435 are hourly employees and 1,758 are salaried employees. Included among these employees are 878 hourly employees represented by labor unions (12.2% of the Company’s employees). Of such amount,
11.8% of the Company’s Aggregates business’s hourly employees are members of a labor union, 30.8% of the Company’s Cement business’s hourly employees are represented by labor unions, and 100% of the Magnesia Specialties
segment’s hourly employees are  
      21  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
represented by labor unions. The Company’s principal union contracts for the Cement business cover employees at the Oro Grande, California cement plant. The Company’s principal union
contracts for the Magnesia Specialties business cover employees at the Manistee, Michigan, magnesia-based chemicals plant and the Woodville, Ohio, lime plant. The Oro Grande collective bargaining agreement expires in June 2015. The Woodville
collective bargaining agreement expires in May 2018. The Manistee collective bargaining agreement expires in August 2015. While the Company’s management does not expect significant difficulties in renewing these labor contracts, there can be no
assurance that a successor agreement will be reached at any of these locations.    Available Information  
 The Company maintains an Internet address at  www.martinmarietta.com . The Company makes available free of charge through its Internet web
site its Annual Report on Form  10-K,  Quarterly Reports on Form  10-Q,  Current Reports on Form  8-K,  and amendments to those
reports, if any, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. These reports and any amendments are accessed via the Company’s web site through a link with the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval
(“EDGAR”) system maintained by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) at  www.sec.gov . Accordingly, the Company’s referenced reports and any amendments are made available as soon as reasonably practicable
after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC, once EDGAR places such material in its database.  
 The Company has adopted a  Code of Ethical Business Conduct  that applies to all of its directors, officers, and employees. The
Company’s code of ethics is available on the Company’s web site at  www.martinmarietta.com . The Company intends to disclose on its Internet web site any waivers of or amendments to its code of ethics as it applies to its directors
and executive officers.    The Company has adopted a set of  Corporate Governance Guidelines  to address issues of fundamental
importance relating to the corporate governance of the Company, including director qualifications and responsibilities, responsibilities of key board committees, director compensation, and similar issues. Each of the Audit Committee, the Management
Development and Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has adopted a written charter addressing various issues of importance relating to each committee, including the
committee’s purposes and responsibilities, an annual performance evaluation of each committee, and similar issues. These  Corporate Governance Guidelines , and the charters of each of these committees, are available on the Company’s
web site at  www.martinmarietta.com .    The Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are required to file
with the SEC each quarter and each year certifications regarding the quality of the Company’s public disclosure of its financial condition. The annual certifications are included as Exhibits to this Annual Report on Form  10-K.  The Company’s Chief Executive Officer is also required to certify to the New York Stock Exchange each year that he is not aware of any violation by the Company of the New York Stock Exchange corporate
governance listing standards.  
      22  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS    General Risk Factors  
 An investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. You should consider the following factors carefully, in
addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, before deciding to purchase or otherwise trade our securities.    This Form
10-K and other written reports and oral statements made from time to time by the Company contain statements which, to the extent they are not recitations of historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal
securities law. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and are based on assumptions that the Company believes in good faith are reasonable, but which may be materially different from actual
results. Investors can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate only to historic or current facts. The words “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “anticipate,” “believe,”
“estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “outlook,” “plan,” “project,” “scheduled,” and similar expressions in connection with future events or future operating or
financial performance are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Any or all of the Company’s forward-looking statements in this Form  10-K  and in other publications may turn out to be wrong.  
 Statements and assumptions on future revenues, income and cash flows, performance, economic trends, the outcome of litigation, regulatory
compliance, and environmental remediation cost estimates are examples of forward-looking statements. Numerous factors, including potentially the risk factors described in this section, could affect our forward-looking statements and actual
performance.    Investors are also cautioned that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, the reader
should not consider any such list to be a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties. Other factors besides those listed may also adversely affect the Company and may be material to the Company. The Company has listed the known
material risks it considers relevant in evaluating the Company and its operations. The forward-looking statements in this document are intended to be subject to the safe harbor protection provided by Sections 27A and 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof based on management’s current expectations, and the Company does not undertake an obligation to update such statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events, or otherwise.    For a discussion identifying some important factors that could cause actual results to vary materially from those
anticipated in the forward-looking statements, see the factors listed below, along with the discussion of “Competition” under Item 1 of this  Form 10-K,  “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” under Item 7 of this  Form 10-K  and the 2014 Annual Report, and “Note A: Accounting Policies” and “Note N:
Commitments and Contingencies” of the “Notes to Financial Statements” of the 2014 Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this Form 10-K and the 2014 Annual Report.  
 Our business is cyclical and depends on activity within the construction industry.  
 Economic and political uncertainty can impede growth in the markets in which we operate. Demand for our products, particularly in the
nonresidential and residential construction markets, could fall if companies and consumers are unable to get credit for construction projects or if an economic slowdown causes delays or cancellations of capital projects. State and federal budget
issues may also hurt the funding available for infrastructure spending. The lack of available credit may limit the ability of states to issue bonds to finance construction projects. Several of our top sales states, from time-to-time, stop or slow
bidding projects in their transportation departments.  
      23  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We sell most of our aggregate products, our primary business, and our cement products, to the
construction industry, so our results depend on the strength of the construction industry. Since our businesses depend on construction spending, which can be cyclical, our profits are sensitive to national, regional, and local economic conditions
and the intensity of the underlying spending on aggregates and cement products. During the past few years, the overall economy was hurt by mortgage security losses and the tightening credit markets. Construction spending was affected by economic
conditions, changes in interest rates, demographic and population shifts, and changes in construction spending by federal, state, and local governments. If economic conditions change, a recession in the construction industry may occur and affect the
demand for our products. The recent economic recession was an example, and our business was hurt. Construction spending can also be disrupted by terrorist activity and armed conflicts.  
 While our business operations cover a wide geographic area, our earnings depend on the strength of the local economies in which we operate
because of the high cost to transport our products relative to their price. If economic conditions and construction spending decline significantly in one or more areas, particularly in our top five sales-generating states of our Aggregates business
(based on net sales by state of destination) of Texas, Colorado, North Carolina, Iowa, and Georgia, our profitability will decrease. We experienced this situation with the recent economic recession.  
 The historic economic recession resulted in large declines in shipments of aggregate products in our industry. Recent years, however, have
shown a turnaround in this trend. For the last four years, our aggregates shipments ranged from 122 million tons to 146 million tons, reflecting a certain degree of volume stability. During 2014 our heritage aggregates shipments showed
7.5% improvement compared with 2013 levels, after being relatively flat the prior year. Prior to 2010, use of aggregate products in the United States had declined almost 40% from the highest volume in 2006. While historical spending on public
infrastructure projects has been comparatively more stable as governmental appropriations and expenditures are typically less interest rate-sensitive than private sector spending, during 2014 the unprecedented uncertainty on both the timing and
amount of future long-term federal infrastructure funding negatively affected spending on public infrastructure projects. This uncertainty was accompanied by a reduction in some states’ investment in highway maintenance. Other states, however,
stepped up to play an expanding role in infrastructure spending, with the total value of public infrastructure spending increasing slightly in 2014, despite the uncertainty in long-term federal funding.  
 In July 2012, the President signed into law the successor federal highway bill known as MAP-21, which was designed to maintain highway
spending at current annual levels of approximately $40 billion in funding for transportation infrastructure through fiscal 2014. MAP-21 also greatly expanded TIFIA funding, a federal alternative funding mechanism for transportation projects. While
the enactment of MAP-21 resulted in an increase in infrastructure spending for a period of time, MAP-21 expired by its terms on September 30, 2014. However, as Congress continues to deliberate a successor bill, the provisions of MAP-21 have
been extended through May 31, 2015. Additionally, Congress authorized a $10.8 billion General Fund transfer to the Highway Trust Fund to maintain its solvency. We are not clear when or in what form there might be a successor bill to MAP-21. The
measures to extend MAP-21 and add solvency to the Highway Trust Fund have not completely alleviated the reluctance by some states and municipalities to commit to large-scale, multi-year infrastructure projects supported by federal aid. During the
recent extended period of uncertainty in the level of federal funding, some states have secured alternative funding sources, including Texas, whose voters in 2014 approved use of the state’s oil and gas production tax collections for annual
disbursements to the State Highway Fund. Supported by state spending programs, our heritage aggregates shipments to the infrastructure construction market increased 6% in 2014 compared to 2013, as compared to a decrease of 7% in 2013 compared with
2012.  
      24  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
We believe that the demand and need for infrastructure projects will support consistent growth in this market once long-term federal funding is resolved beyond 2015. In 2014, 44% of our
aggregates shipments were to the infrastructure construction market.    Within the construction industry, we also sell our aggregates and
cement products for use in both nonresidential construction and residential construction. Nonresidential and residential construction levels generally move with economic cycles; when the economy is strong, construction levels rise, and when the
economy is weak, construction levels fall.    We experienced a 9% increase in aggregates shipments to the nonresidential construction market
in 2014, with growth notable in the energy-related shipments, which benefitted from shale energy projects, principally in South Texas, as well as energy-related industrial activity. Additionally, increased aggregates shipments to the commercial part
of nonresidential construction, namely office and retail, increased in certain of our geographic markets in Colorado, Georgia, North Carolina, and Texas. During 2014, a strengthened residential market precipitated nonresidential construction
activities to serve increased populations. Recently, the rate of growth in residential construction has slowed, but the nonresidential construction market continues to gain momentum. This evolution is in line with expectations, as the commercial
component of nonresidential construction generally follows the residential construction market with a 12-to-18 month lag. With the recent decline in global oil prices, we are uncertain the impact this decline will have on the current strong Texas
economy. The Dodge Momentum Index, a 12-month leading indicator of construction spending for nonresidential building compiled by McGraw Hill Construction, reached 128.7 in December 2014, an increase of 4% compared to prior month and an increase of
9% compared to prior year. In 2014, 32% of our aggregates shipments were to the nonresidential construction market.    Our aggregates
shipments to the residential construction market increased 12% in 2014. Housing strength varies considerably in different areas of the country. We saw significant residential growth in our key geographic markets, including Florida, Georgia, North
Carolina, and Texas. The U.S. Census Bureau reported the total value of private residential construction put in place in 2014 increased 5%. Furthermore, housing starts, a key indicator for residential construction activity, continues to show
year-over-year improvement, although starts are still below the 50-year historical annual average of 1.5 million units. For 2014, annual housing starts were up 3% to an estimated 1,004,000, as reported by the United States Census Bureau, and
the rate of housing starts continues to exceed completions. This trend is expected to continue in 2015. In 2014, 14% of our aggregates shipments were to the residential construction market.  
 Shipments of chemical rock (comprised primarily of high-calcium carbonate material used for agricultural lime and flue gas desulfurization)
and ballast product sales (collectively “ChemRock/Rail”) accounted for 10% of our aggregates shipments and increased 4% in 2014reflecting growth in non-construction, specifically landscaping and backfill.  
 Shipments of aggregates-related downstream products typically follow construction aggregates trends.  
 The Cement business was acquired from TXI on July 1, 2014. The net sales of $209.6 million for the second half of 2014 reflected the
Company’s leading position in the Texas market.    Our business is dependent on funding from a combination of federal, state and local sources.
   Our aggregates and cement products are used in public infrastructure projects, which include the construction, maintenance, and
improvement of highways, streets, roads, bridges, schools, prisons, and similar projects. So our business is dependent on the level of federal, state, and local spending on these projects. The  
      25  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
year 2014 was another year of unprecedented uncertainty as it related to both the timing and amount of future long-term federal infrastructure funding, which negatively affected spending on
public infrastructure projects. Despite the uncertainty in long-term funding levels, the total value of United States overall public-works spending increased slightly in 2014, which demonstrates the commitment of states to address the underlying
demand for infrastructure investment. However, infrastructure investment varies by market and was strongest in the western United States in 2014. We cannot be assured of the existence, amount, and timing of appropriations for spending on future
projects.    The federal highway bill provides annual highway funding for public-sector construction projects. The most recent federal
highway bill passed in 2012, MAP-21, provided annual funding at current levels of approximately $40 billion through September 30, 2014, when it expired by its own terms. MAP-21 also greatly expands TIFIA funding, a federal alternative funding
mechanism for transportation projects, to $1 billion in fiscal 2014. MAP-21 is not subject to potential sequestration under current federal law. TIFIA is also not subject to federal debt ceiling limits. However, authorized transfers from the General
Fund to the Highway Trust Fund are subject to potential sequestration. In 2014, as Congress continued to deliberate a successor bill to MAP-21, the provisions of MAP-21 were extended to May 31, 2015. Additionally, Congress authorized a $10.8
billion General Fund transfer to the Highway Trust Fund to maintain its solvency.    Given the record level of national debt and the
resulting pressure on all government spending, we cannot be assured that Congress will pass a successor federal highway bill or will extend the provisions of the current bill when they expire on May 31, 2015. Federal highway bills provide
spending authorizations that represent maximum amounts. Each year, an appropriation act is passed establishing the amount that can actually be used for particular programs. The annual funding level is generally tied to receipts of highway user taxes
placed in the Highway Trust Fund. Once the annual appropriation is passed, funds are distributed to each state based on formulas (apportionments) or other procedures (allocations). Apportioned and allocated funds generally must be spent on specific
programs as outlined in the federal legislation. The Highway Trust Fund has experienced shortfalls in recent years, due to high gas prices, fewer miles driven and improved automobile fuel efficiency. These shortfalls created a significant decline in
federal highway funding levels. In response to the projected shortfalls, money has been transferred from the General Fund into the Highway Trust Fund over the past several years. According to the Congressional Budget Office, current revenues of
approximately $34 billion are falling short of the current annual expenditure level of $41 billion. Therefore, timely Congressional action is needed to address the funding mechanism for the Highway Trust Fund and to enact a longer-term federal
highway bill. We cannot be assured of the existence, timing or amount of federal highway funding levels in the future. We also cannot be assured of the impact of the recent sharp reduction in gasoline prices on the levels of highway user taxes that
might be collected in the future and the corresponding levels of funding to the Highway Trust Fund.    At the state level, each state funds
its infrastructure spending from specially allocated amounts collected from various taxes, typically gasoline taxes and vehicle fees, along with voter-approved bond programs. Shortages in state tax revenues can reduce the amounts spent on state
infrastructure projects, even below amounts awarded under legislative bills. Delays in state infrastructure spending can hurt our business. Many states have experienced state-level funding pressures caused by lower tax revenues and an inability to
finance approved projects. North Carolina was among the states experiencing these pressures, and this state disproportionately affects our revenues and profits. Most state budgets, including North Carolina, began to improve in 2013 and 2014 as
increased tax revenues helped states resolve budget deficits. States have also taken on a larger role in funding sustained infrastructure investment. For example, the Texas voters in 2014 approved use of the state’s oil and gas production tax
collections for annual disbursements to the State Highway Fund. We anticipate further growth in state-level funding initiatives, such as bond issues, toll roads, and special purpose taxes, as states address infrastructure needs, particularly in
periods of federal funding uncertainty. In  
      26  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the November 2014 elections, voters approved 66% of transportation initiatives. Nevertheless, it is a continuing risk to our business that sufficient funding from federal, state, and local
sources will not be available to address infrastructure needs.    Our aggregates business is seasonal and subject to the weather . 
   Since the construction aggregates business is conducted outdoors, erratic weather patterns, seasonal changes and other
weather-related conditions affect our business. Adverse weather conditions, including hurricanes and tropical storms, cold weather, snow, and heavy or sustained rainfall, reduce construction activity, restrict the demand for our products, and impede
our ability to efficiently transport material. Adverse weather conditions also increase our costs and reduce our production output as a result of power loss, needed plant and equipment repairs, time required to remove water from flooded operations,
and similar events. Severe drought conditions can restrict available water supplies and restrict production. The construction aggregates business production and shipment levels follow activity in the construction industry, which typically occur in
the spring, summer and fall. Because of the weather’s effect on the construction industry’s activity, the production and shipment levels for the Company’s Aggregates business, including all of its aggregates-related downstream
operations, vary by quarter. The second and third quarters are generally the most profitable and the first quarter is generally the least profitable.  
 Our aggregates business depends on the availability of aggregate reserves or deposits and our ability to mine them economically.  
 Our challenge is to find aggregate deposits that we can mine economically, with appropriate permits, near either growing markets or long-haul
transportation corridors that economically serve growing markets. As communities have grown, they have taken up attractive quarrying locations and have imposed restrictions on mining. We try to meet this challenge by identifying and permitting sites
prior to economic expansion, buying more land around our existing quarries to increase our mineral reserves, developing underground mines, and developing a distribution network that transports aggregates products by various transportation methods,
including rail and water, that allows us to transport our products longer distances than would normally be considered economical, but we can give no assurances that we will be successful.  
 Our business is a capital-intensive business.  
 The property and machinery needed to produce our products are very expensive. Therefore, we require large amounts of cash to operate our
businesses. We believe that our cash on hand, along with our projected internal cash flows and our available financing resources, will be enough to give us the cash we need to support our anticipated operating and capital needs. Our ability to
generate sufficient cash flow depends on future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles and financial, business, and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. If we are
unable to generate sufficient cash to operate our business, we may be required, among other things, to further reduce or delay planned capital or operating expenditures.  
 Our businesses face many competitors.  
 Our businesses have many competitors, some of whom are bigger and have more resources than we do. Some of our competitors also operate on a
worldwide basis. Our results are affected by the number of competitors in a market, the production capacity that a particular market can accommodate, the pricing practices of other competitors, and the entry of new competitors in a market. We also
face competition for some of our products from alternative products. For example, our magnesia specialties business may compete with other  
      27  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
chemical products that could be used instead of our magnesia-based products. As other examples, our aggregates business may compete with recycled asphalt and concrete products that could be used
instead of new products and our cement business may compete with international competitors who are importing product to the United States with lower production and regulatory costs.  
 Our future growth may depend in part on acquiring other businesses in our industry.  
 We expect to continue to grow, in part, by buying other businesses. We will continue to look for strategic businesses to acquire, like our
recent acquisition of TXI. In the past, we have made acquisitions to strengthen our existing locations, expand our operations, and enter new geographic markets. We will continue to make selective acquisitions, joint ventures, or other business
arrangements we believe will help our company. However, the continued success of our acquisition program will depend on our ability to find and buy other attractive businesses at a reasonable price and our ability to integrate acquired businesses
into our existing operations. We cannot assume there will continue to be attractive acquisition opportunities for sale at reasonable prices that we can successfully integrate into our operations.  
 We may decide to pay all or part of the purchase price of any future acquisition with shares of our common stock. For example, we used our
common stock in our recent acquisition of TXI. We may also use our stock to make strategic investments in other companies to complement and expand our operations. If we use our common stock in this way, the ownership interests of our shareholders
will be diluted and the price of our stock could fall. We operate our businesses with the objective of maximizing the long-term shareholder return.  
 We have acquired many companies since 1995. Some of these acquisitions were more easily integrated into our existing operations and have
performed as well or better than we expected, while others have not. For example, we have only begun the process of integrating the operations of TXI, as discussed below. We have sold some underperforming and other non-strategic assets, such as
underperforming road paving operations in Arkansas and east Texas, which were sold in 2014.    Our integration of the acquisition of TXI may not be as
successful as we hope.    We have a successful history of business combinations and integration of these businesses into our heritage
operations. We acquired TXI in July 2014 and are continuing the integration of TXI’s ready mixed concrete and cement operations. We integrated TXI’s aggregates operations into our disciplined cost structure during the last half of 2014. We
expect this continued integration to be successful in order for us to achieve the synergies, cost savings, and operating efficiencies we have forecast from the TXI acquisition. However, it is a risk factor that we will not be able to achieve such
integration in a successful manner or on the time schedule we have projected or in a way that will achieve the level of synergies, cost savings, or operating efficiencies we have forecast from the TXI acquisition.  
 The acquisition of TXI involved the combination of two companies which previously operated as independent public companies. We have devoted
significant management attention and resources to integrating our business practices and operations. As noted, we have integrated to date TXI’s aggregates operations and are in the process of fully integrating TXI’s ready mixed concrete
and cement operations later this year. We believe we will be successful in this integration process. Nevertheless, we may fail to realize some of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition with TXI if the integration process takes longer than
expected or is more costly than expected. Potential difficulties we may encounter in the integration process include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the inability to successfully combine the remaining operations in a manner that permits us to achieve the cost savings and revenue synergies anticipated to result from the proposed acquisition with TXI, which would
result in the anticipated benefits of the acquisition with TXI not being realized partly or wholly in the time frame currently anticipated or at all;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 lost sales and customers as a result of certain customers of either the Company or former customers of TXI deciding not to do business with the Company;  
      28  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
 complexities associated with managing the combined operations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 integrating personnel;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 creation of uniform standards, internal controls, procedures, policies and information systems;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses, delays or regulatory issues associated with integrating the remaining operations; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 performance shortfalls at business units as a result of the diversion of management attention caused by completing the remaining integration of the operations.  
 Aggregates-related downstream businesses have lower profit margins and can be more volatile.  
 For 2014, our asphalt, ready mixed concrete, and road paving businesses accounted for 30% of the net sales of our Aggregates business, up from
8% in 2011. These businesses typically provide lower profit margins (excluding freight and delivery revenues) than our aggregates product line due to potentially volatile input costs, highly competitive market dynamics, and lower barriers to entry.
Therefore, as we expand these operations, our overall gross margin is likely to be adversely affected. We saw this impact our gross margins in recent years. However, in 2014, heritage aggregates-related downstream operations gross margin (excluding
freight and delivery revenues) increased 450 basis points, reflecting increased ready mixed concrete volumes and pricing as well as higher asphalt shipments. The overall gross margin (excluding freight and delivery revenues) of our Aggregates
business will continue to be reduced by the lower gross margins for our aggregates-related downstream operations.    Short supplies and high costs of
fuel, energy, and raw materials affect our businesses.    Our businesses require a continued supply of diesel fuel, natural gas,
coal, petroleum coke and other energy. The financial results of these businesses have been affected by the short supply or high costs of these fuels and energy. While we can contract for some fuels and sources of energy, such as fixed-price supply
contracts for coal and petroleum coke, significant increases in costs or reduced availability of these items have and may in the future reduce our financial results. Moreover, fluctuations in the supply and costs of these fuels and energy can make
planning our businesses more difficult. For example, in 2011, increases in energy costs when compared with 2010 lowered net earnings for our businesses by $0.27 per diluted share. We do not hedge our diesel fuel price risk, but instead focus on
volume-related price reductions, fuel efficiency, consumption, and the natural hedge created by the ability to increase aggregates prices. In 2012, while the average price we paid per gallon of diesel fuel was 5% higher compared to 2011, this was
offset by a decline of 25% from 2011 on our average cost for natural gas. This trend reversed in 2013, when the average price we paid per gallon of diesel fuel was 4% lower compared to 2012, but the average cost of natural gas increased 18% from
2012. Similarly, in 2014 the average price we paid per gallon of diesel fuel was 8% lower compared to 2013, but the average cost of natural gas increased 24% from 2013. Diesel fuel, which averaged $2.82 per gallon in 2014 and
 
      29  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
$2.98 per gallon in 2013, represents the single largest component of energy costs for our Aggregates business. Diesel fuel prices declined rapidly during December 2014, ending the year at a per
gallon price that was 26% below the 2014 average.    The Magnesia Specialties business has fixed price agreements for the supply of a
portion of its coal and natural gas needs. The Cement business has fixed price agreements for the supply of coal.    Cement production
requires large amounts of energy, including electricity and fossil fuels. Energy costs represent approximately 31% of the production costs of our Cement business. Therefore, the cost of energy is one of our largest expenses. Prices for energy are
subject to market forces largely beyond our control and can be quite volatile. Price increases that we are unable to pass through in the form of price increases for our products, or disruption of the uninterrupted supply of fuel and electricity,
could adversely affect us. Accordingly, volatility in energy costs can adversely affect the financial results of our Cement business. Profitability of the Cement business is also subject to kiln maintenance, which requires the plant to be shut down
for a period of time as repairs are made. In 2014, the Cement business incurred shutdown costs of $13.3 million during the second half of the year.  
 Similarly our aggregates-related downstream operations also require a continued supply of liquid asphalt and cement, which serve as key raw
materials in the production of hot mix asphalt and ready mixed concrete, respectively. These raw materials are subject to potential supply constraints and significant price fluctuations, which are beyond our control. The financial results of our
aggregates-related downstream operations have been affected by the short supply or high costs of these raw materials. We generally see frequent volatility in the costs for these raw materials. For 2014, we saw higher prices for these raw materials
than 2013. Liquid asphalt prices may not always follow other energy products (e.g., oil or diesel fuel) because of complexities in the refining process which converts a barrel of oil into other fuels and petrochemical products.  
 Cement is a commodity sensitive to supply and price volatility.  
 Cement is a commodity, and competition is often based mainly on price, which is highly sensitive to changes in supply and demand. Prices change
a lot in response to relatively minor changes in supply and demand, general economic conditions and other market conditions, which we cannot control. When cement producers increase production capacity or more cement is imported into the market, an
oversupply of cement in the market may occur if supply exceeds demand. In that case cement prices generally fall. We cannot be assured that prices for our cement products sold will not decline in the future or that such decline will not have a
material adverse effect on our Cement business.    Unexpected equipment failures, catastrophic events and scheduled maintenance may lead to production
curtailments or shutdowns.    Our manufacturing processes are dependent upon critical pieces of equipment, such as our kilns and
finishing mills. This equipment, on occasion, may be out of service as a result of unanticipated failures or damage during accidents. In addition to equipment failures, our facilities are also subject to the risk of catastrophic loss due to
unanticipated events such as fires, explosions or violent weather conditions. Our Cement operations in California are also susceptible to damage from earthquakes, for which we maintain only a limited amount of earthquake insurance and, therefore, we
are not fully insured against earthquake risk. We also have one to two-week scheduled outages at least once a year to refurbish our cement and dolomitic lime production facilities. In 2014, the Cement business incurred shutdown costs of $13.3
million during the second half of the year. In 2014, the Magnesia Specialties business incurred shutdown costs of $5.4 million during the year. Any significant interruption in production capability may require us to make significant capital
expenditures to remedy problems or damage as well as cause us to lose revenue due to lost production time.  
      30  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our Cement and Magnesia Specialties businesses may become capacity constrained.  
 If our Cement or Magnesia Specialties businesses become capacity constrained, they may be unable to satisfy on a timely basis the demand for
some of their products, and any resulting changes in customers would introduce volatility to the earnings of these segments. We can address capacity needs by enhancing our manufacturing productivity, increasing the operational availability of
equipment, reducing machinery down time and extending machinery useful life. Future demand for our products may require us to expand further our manufacturing capacity, particularly through the purchase of additional manufacturing
equipment. However, we may not be able to increase our capacity in time to satisfy increases in demand that may occur from time to time. Capacity constraints may prevent us from satisfying customer orders and result in a loss of sales to
competitors that are not capacity constrained. In addition, we may suffer excess capacity if we increase our capacity to meet actual or anticipated demand and that demand decreases or does not materialize. 
 Our cement business could suffer if cement imports from other countries significantly increase or are sold in the U.S. in violation of U.S. fair trade
laws.    The cement industry has in the past obtained antidumping orders imposing duties on imports of cement and clinker from other
countries that violated U.S. fair trade laws. Currently, an antidumping order against cement and clinker from Japan will expire in 2016 unless it is extended by the Federal Trade Commission. As has always been the case, cement operators with import
facilities can purchase cement from other countries, such as those in Latin America and Asia, which could compete with domestic producers. In addition, if environmental regulations increase the costs of domestic producers compared to foreign
producers that are not subject to similar regulations, imported cement could achieve a significant cost advantage over domestically produced cement. An influx of cement or clinker products from countries not subject to antidumping orders, or sales
of imported cement or clinker in violation of U.S. fair trade laws, could adversely affect our cement business.    Road paving construction operations
present additional risks to our business.    Our aggregates-related downstream operations also present challenges in the paving
construction business where many of our contracts have penalties for late completion. In some instances, including many of our fixed price contracts, we guarantee that we will complete a project by a certain date. If we subsequently fail to complete
the project as scheduled we may be held responsible for costs resulting from the delay, generally in the form of contractually agreed-upon liquidated damages. Under these circumstances, the total project cost could exceed our original estimate, and
we could experience a loss of profit or a loss on the project. In our road paving construction operations we also have fixed price and fixed unit price contracts where our profits can be adversely affected by a number of factors beyond our control,
which can cause our actual costs to materially exceed the costs estimated at the time or our original bid. These same issues and risks can also impact some of our contacts in our asphalt and ready mixed concrete operations. These risks are somewhat
mitigated by the fact that a majority of our road paving contracts are for short duration projects.  
      31  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Changes in legal requirements and governmental policies concerning zoning, land use, the environment, and
other areas of the law, and litigation relating to these matters, affect our businesses. Our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities.  
 Many federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to zoning, land use, the environment, health, safety, and other regulatory matters
govern our operations. We take great pride in our operations and try to remain in strict compliance at all times with all applicable laws and regulations. Despite our extensive compliance efforts, risk of liabilities, particularly environmental
liabilities, is inherent in the operation of our businesses, as it is with our competitors. We cannot assume that these liabilities will not negatively affect us in the future.  
 We are also subject to future events, including changes in existing laws or regulations or enforcement policies, or further investigation or
evaluation of the potential health hazards of some of our products or business activities, which may result in additional compliance and other costs. We could be forced to invest in preventive or remedial action, like pollution control facilities,
which could be substantial.    Our operations are subject to manufacturing, operating, and handling risks associated with the products we
produce and the products we use in our operations, including the related storage and transportation of raw materials, products, hazardous substances, and wastes. We are exposed to hazards including storage tank leaks, explosions, discharges or
releases of hazardous substances, exposure to dust, and the operation of mobile equipment and manufacturing machinery.    These risks can
subject us to potentially significant liabilities relating to personal injury or death, or property damage, and may result in civil or criminal penalties, which could hurt our productivity or profitability. For example, from time to time we
investigate and remediate environmental contamination relating to our prior or current operations, as well as operations we have acquired from others, and in some cases we have been or could be named as a defendant in litigation brought by
governmental agencies or private parties.    We are involved from time to time in litigation and claims arising from our operations. While
we do not believe the outcome of pending or threatened litigation will have a material adverse effect on our operations or our financial condition, we cannot assume that an adverse outcome in a pending or future legal action would not negatively
affect us.    Labor disputes could disrupt operations of our businesses.  
 Labor unions represent 11.8% of the hourly employees of our aggregates business, 30.8% of the hourly employees of our cement business, and 100%
of the hourly employees of our Magnesia Specialties business. Our collective bargaining agreements for employees of our magnesia specialties business at the Oro Grande, California cement plant, the Manistee, Michigan magnesia chemicals plant, and
the Woodville, Ohio lime plant expire in June 2015, August 2015, and May 2018, respectively.    Disputes with our trade unions, or the
inability to renew our labor agreements, could lead to strikes or other actions that could disrupt our businesses, raise costs, and reduce revenues and earnings from the affected locations. We believe we have good relations with all of our
employees, including our unionized employees.  
      32  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Delays or interruptions in shipping products of our businesses could affect our operations.  
 Transportation logistics play an important role in allowing us to supply products to our customers, whether by truck, rail, or ship. We also
rely heavily on third-party truck and rail transportation to ship coal, natural gas, and other fuels to our plants. Any significant delays, disruptions, or the non-availability of our transportation support system could negatively affect our
operations. Transportation operations are subject to capacity constraints, high fuel costs and various hazards, including extreme weather conditions and slowdowns due to labor strikes and other work stoppages. In Texas, we compete for third party
trucking services with operations in the oil and gas fields, which can significantly constrain the availability of those services to us. If there are material changes in the availability or cost of transportation services, we may not be able to
arrange alternative and timely means to ship our products or fuels at a reasonable cost, which could lead to interruptions or slowdowns in our businesses or increases in our costs.  
 The availability of rail cars can also affect our ability to transport our products. Rail cars can be used to transport many different types
of products across all of our segments. If owners sell or lease rail cars for use in other industries, we may not have enough rail cars to transport our products.  
 We have long-term agreements with shipping companies to provide ships to transport our aggregate products from our Bahamas and Nova Scotia
operations to various coastal ports. These contracts have varying expiration dates ranging from 2015 to 2017 and generally contain renewal options. Our inability to renew these agreements or enter into new ones with other shipping companies could
affect our ability to transport our products.    When we sold our River District operations in 2011 as part of our asset exchange with
Lafarge, we sold most of our barge long-haul distribution network. As a result, we reduced our risks from distributing our products by barges, especially along the Mississippi River. We still distribute some of our product by barge along
rivers in West Virginia. We may continue to experience, to a lesser degree, risks associated with distributing our products by barges, including significant delays, disruptions, or the non-availability of our barge transportation system that
could negatively affect our operations, water levels that could affect our ability to transport our products by barge, and barges that may not be available in quantities that we might need from time to time to support our operations. 
 Our earnings are affected by the application of accounting standards and our critical accounting policies, which involve subjective judgments and
estimates by our management. Our estimates and assumptions could be wrong.    The accounting standards we use in preparing our
financial statements are often complex and require that we make significant estimates and assumptions in interpreting and applying those standards. We make critical estimates and assumptions involving accounting matters including our goodwill
impairment testing, our expenses and cash requirements for our pension plans, our estimated income taxes, and how we account for our property, plant and equipment, and inventory. These estimates and assumptions involve matters that are inherently
uncertain and require our subjective and complex judgments. If we used different estimates and assumptions or used different ways to determine these estimates, our financial results could differ.  
 While we believe our estimates and assumptions are appropriate, we could be wrong. Accordingly, our financial results could be different,
either higher or lower. We urge you to read about our critical accounting policies in our Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
      32  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The adoption of new accounting standards may affect our financial results.  
 The accounting standards we apply in preparing our financial statements are reviewed by regulatory bodies and are changed from time to time.
New or revised accounting standards could change our financial results either positively or negatively. We urge you to read about our accounting policies in Note A of our 2014 financial statements. The federal regulatory body overseeing our
accounting standards is now implementing a convergence project, which would conform the accounting in the United States for various topics to the requirements under international accounting standards. Proposed changes are being issued one topic at a
time. We have not looked at how all of these topics might impact us. New or revised accounting standards could change our financial results either positively or negatively.  
 The  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 , and other related rules and regulations, have increased the scope, complexity, and cost of corporate
governance. Reports from the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board’s (“PCAOB”) inspections of public accounting firms continue to outline findings and recommendations which could require these firms to perform additional work as
part of their financial statement audits. The Company’s costs to respond to these additional requirements and exposure to adverse findings by the PCAOB of the work performed may increase as to internal controls.  
 We depend on the recruitment and retention of qualified personnel, and our failure to attract and retain such personnel could affect our business.
   Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued services of our key personnel and executive officers. Our prospects
depend upon our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel for our operations. Competition for personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting or retaining qualified personnel, which could negatively affect our business.  
 Disruptions in the credit markets could affect our business.  
 We have considered the current economic environment and its potential impact to the Company’s business. Demand for aggregates products,
particularly in the infrastructure construction market, has already been negatively affected by federal and state budget and deficit issues and the uncertainty over future highway funding levels beyond the May 2015 expiration of MAP-21. Further,
delays or cancellations to capital projects in the nonresidential and residential construction markets could occur if companies and consumers are unable to obtain financing for construction projects or if consumer confidence continues to be eroded
by economic uncertainty.    A recessionary construction economy can also increase the likelihood we will not be able to collect on all of
our accounts receivable with our customers. We are protected in part, however, by payment bonds posted by many of our customers or end-users. Nevertheless, we experienced a delay in payment from some of our customers during the construction
downturn, which can negatively affect operating cash flows. Historically, our bad debt write-offs have not been significant to our operating results, and, although the amount of our bad debt write-offs has increased, we believe our allowance for
doubtful accounts is adequate.    The credit environment could impact the Company’s ability to borrow money in the future. Additional
financing or refinancing might not be available and, if available, may not be at economically favorable terms. Further, an increase in leverage could lead to deterioration in our credit ratings. A reduction in our credit ratings, regardless of the
cause, could also limit our ability to obtain additional financing and/or increase our cost of obtaining financing. There is no guarantee we will be able to access the capital markets at financially economical interest rates, which could negatively
affect our business.  
      34  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We may be required to obtain financing in order to fund certain strategic acquisitions, if they
arise, or to refinance our outstanding debt. Any large strategic acquisition would require that we issue both newly issued equity and debt securities, like we did with the acquisition of TXI, in order to maintain our investment grade credit rating
and could result in a ratings downgrade notwithstanding our issuance of equity securities to fund the transaction. We are also exposed to risks from tightening credit markets, through the interest payable on our outstanding debt and the interest
cost on our commercial paper program, to the extent it is available to us. While management believes our credit ratings will remain at a composite investment-grade level, we cannot be assured these ratings will remain at those levels. While
management believes the Company will continue to have credit available to it adequate to meet its needs, there can be no assurance of that.    Our
Magnesia Specialties business depends in part on the steel industry and the supply of reasonably priced fuels.    Our Magnesia
Specialties business sells some of its products to companies in the steel industry. While we have reduced this risk over the last few years, this business is still dependent, in part, on the strength of the cyclical steel industry. The Magnesia
Specialties business also requires significant amounts of natural gas, coal, and petroleum coke, and financial results are negatively affected by increases in fuel prices or shortages.  
 Our Magnesia Specialties business now runs near capacity so unexpected changes could affect its earnings.  
 Because our Magnesia Specialties business essentially runs near capacity, any unplanned changes in costs or customers would introduce
volatility to the earnings of this segment of our business.    Our acquisitions could harm our results of operations.  
 In pursuing our business strategy, we conduct discussions, evaluate opportunities, and enter into acquisition agreements. Acquisitions involve
significant challenges and risks, including risks that:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 We may not realize a satisfactory return on the investment we make;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 We may not be able to retain key personnel of the acquired business;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 We may experience difficulty in integrating new employees, business systems, and technology;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Our due diligence process may not identify compliance issues or other liabilities that are in existence at the time of our acquisition;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 We may have difficulty entering into new geographic markets in which we are not experienced; or      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 We may be unable to retain the customers and partners of acquired businesses following the acquisition.  
 Our articles of incorporation, bylaws, and shareholder rights plan and North Carolina law may inhibit a change in control that you may favor.
   Our restated articles of incorporation and restated bylaws, shareholder rights plan, and North Carolina law contain provisions
that may delay, deter or inhibit a future acquisition of us not approved by our Board of Directors. This could occur even if our shareholders are offered an attractive value for their shares or if many or
 
      35  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
even a majority of our shareholders believe the takeover is in their best interest. These provisions are intended to encourage any person interested in acquiring us to negotiate with and obtain
the approval of our Board of Directors in connection with the transaction. Provisions that could delay, deter, or inhibit a future acquisition include the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 a classified Board of Directors;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the ability of the Board of Directors to establish the terms of, and issue, preferred stock without shareholder approval;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the requirement that our shareholders may only remove directors for cause;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the inability of shareholders to call special meetings of shareholders; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 super majority shareholder approval requirements for business combination transactions with certain five percent shareholders.  
 In addition, we have in place a shareholder rights plan that will trigger a dilutive issuance of common stock upon acquisitions of our common
stock by a third party above a threshold that are not approved by the Board of Directors. Additionally, the occurrence of certain change of control events could result in an event of default under certain of our existing or future debt instruments.
   Changes in our effective income tax rate may harm our results of operations.  
 A number of factors may increase our future effective income tax rate, including:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Governmental authorities increasing taxes or eliminating deductions, particularly the depletion deduction;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 The jurisdictions in which earnings are taxed;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 The resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Changes in available tax credits;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Changes in stock-based compensation;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Other changes in tax laws, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 The interpretation of tax laws and/or administrative practices.    Any significant increase in
our future effective income tax rate could reduce net earnings for future periods.  
      36  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We are dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including
cybersecurity risks and data leakage risks.    We are dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure. Any significant
breakdown, invasion, destruction or interruption of these systems by employees, others with authorized access to our systems, or unauthorized persons could negatively impact operations. There is also a risk that we could experience a business
interruption, theft of information, or reputational damage as a result of a cyber-attack, such as an infiltration of a data center, or data leakage of confidential information either internally or at our third-party providers. While we have invested
in the protection of our data and information technology to reduce these risks and routinely test the security of our information systems network, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that
could adversely affect our business.      
 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS    There are no unresolved written comments that were received
from the staff of the SEC one hundred and eighty (180) days or more before the end of our fiscal year relating to our periodic or current reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES    Aggregates Business   
 As of December 31, 2014, the Company processed or shipped aggregates from 274 quarries, underground mines, and distribution yards in 30
states, Canada, the Bahamas, and the Caribbean Islands, of which 109 are located on land owned by the Company free of major encumbrances, 56 are on land owned in part and leased in part, 103 are on leased land, and 5 are on facilities neither owned
nor leased, where raw materials are removed under an agreement. The Company’s aggregates reserves, on the average, exceed 60 years based on normalized levels of production, and exceed 100 years at current production rates. However, certain
locations may be subject to more limited reserves and may not be able to expand. In addition, as of December 31, 2014, the Company processed and shipped ready mixed concrete and/or asphalt products from 134 properties in 5 states, of which 111
are located on land owned by the Company free of major encumbrances, 1 is on land owned in part and leased in part, 21 are on leased land, and 1 is on a facility neither owned or leased, where product is sold under an agreement.  
 The Company uses various drilling methods, depending on the type of aggregate, to estimate aggregates reserves that are economically mineable.
The extent of drilling varies and depends on whether the location is a potential new site (greensite), an existing location, or a potential acquisition. More extensive drilling is performed for potential greensites and acquisitions, and in rare
cases, the Company may rely on existing geological data or results of prior drilling by third parties. Subsequent to drilling, selected core samples are tested for soundness, abrasion resistance, and other physical properties relevant to the
aggregates industry. If the reserves meet the Company’s standards and are economically mineable, then they are either leased or purchased.  
 The Company estimates proven and probable reserves based on the results of drilling. Proven reserves are reserves of deposits designated using
closely spaced drill data, and based on that data the reserves are believed to be relatively homogenous. Proven reserves have a certainty of 85% to 90%. Probable reserves are reserves that are inferred utilizing fewer drill holes and/or assumptions
about the economically mineable reserves based on local geology or drill results from adjacent properties. The degree of certainty for probable  
      37  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
reserves is 70% to 75%. In determining the amount of reserves, the Company’s policy is to not include calculations that exceed certain depths, so for deposits, such as granite, that
typically continue to depths well below the ground, there may be additional deposits that are not included in the reserve calculations. The Company also deducts reserves not available due to property boundaries, set-backs, and plant configurations,
as deemed appropriate when estimating reserves. The Company uses the same methods of analysis to evaluate and estimate the amount of its aggregates reserves used in the cement manufacturing process for its Cement business as it does for its
Aggregates business. For additional information on the Company’s assessment of reserves, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Other Financial Information - Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates- Property, Plant and Equipment” under Item 7 of this Form 10-K and the 2014 Annual Report for discussion of reserves evaluation by the Company.  
 Set forth in the tables below are the Company’s estimates of reserves of recoverable aggregates of suitable quality for economic
extraction, shown on a state-by-state basis, and the Company’s total annual production for the last 3 years, along with the Company’s estimate of years of production available, shown on a segment-by-segment basis. The number of producing
quarries shown on the table includes underground mines. The Company’s reserve estimates for the last 2 years are shown for comparison purposes on a state-by-state basis. The changes in reserve estimates at a particular state level from year to
year reflect the tonnages of reserves on locations that have been opened or closed during the year, whether by acquisition, disposition, or otherwise; production and sales in the normal course of business; additional reserve estimates or refinements
of the Company’s existing reserve estimates; opening of additional reserves at existing locations; the depletion of reserves at existing locations; and other factors. The Company evaluates its reserve estimates primarily on a Company-wide, or
segment-by-segment basis, and does not believe comparisons of changes in reserve estimates on a state-by-state basis from year to year are particularly meaningful. The Company’s estimate of reserves shown in the tables below include reserves
used in the Company’s Cement and Magnesia Specialties businesses.  
      38  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Number of Producing Quarries 
   
   
 Tonnage of Reserves for each general type of aggregate at 12/31/13 (Add 000) 
   
   
 Tonnage of Reserves for each general type of aggregate at 12/31/14 (Add 000) 
   
   
 Change in Tonnage from 2013 (Add 000) 
   
   
 Percentage of aggregate reserves located at an existing quarry, and reserves not located at an existing quarry. 
   
   
 Percentage of Aggregate reserves on land that has not been zoned 
for quarrying.* ** 
   
   
 Percent of reserves owned and percent leased 
   
 
   State 
   
 2014 
   
   
 Hard Rock 
   
   
 S & G 
   
   
 Hard Rock 
   
   
 S & G 
   
   
 Hard Rock 
   
   
 S & G 
   
   
 At Quarry 
   
   
 Not at Quarry 
   
   
   
 Owned 
   
   
 Leased 
   


 
   Alabama 
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 101,697 
    
   
   
 12,110 
    
   
   
 130,199 
    
   
   
 12,110 
    
   
   
 28,502 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 72 
 %  
 
   Arkansas 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 227,821 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 238,844 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 11,023 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 95 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 52 
 %  
   
   
 48 
 %  
 
   California**** 
   
   
 1 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 329,392 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 329,392 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
 
   Colorado 
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 111,520 
    
   
   
 96,413 
    
   
   
 107,562 
    
   
   
 87,575 
    
   
   
 (3,958 
 )  
   
   
 (8,838 
 )  
   
   
 85 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 71 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
 
   Florida 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 253,244 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 252,614 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (630 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
   Georgia 
   
   
 16 
    
   
   
 2,165,285 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 2,144,817 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (20,468 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 95 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 80 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
 
   Indiana 
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 510,230 
    
   
   
 47,978 
    
   
   
 501,461 
    
   
   
 52,450 
    
   
   
 (8,769 
 )  
   
   
 4,472 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
   
   
 64 
 %  
 
   Iowa 
   
   
 24 
    
   
   
 719,102 
    
   
   
 34,131 
    
   
   
 688,783 
    
   
   
 38,983 
    
   
   
 (30,319 
 )  
   
   
 4,852 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 85 
 %  
 
   Kansas 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 100,880 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 99,859 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,021 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 37 
 %  
   
   
 63 
 %  
 
   Kentucky 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 28,690 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 24,891 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (3,799 
 )  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
   Louisiana 
   
   
 3 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 8,902 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 8,902 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 92 
 %  
 
   Maryland 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 96,067 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 135,006 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 38,939 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
 
   Minnesota 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 435,472 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 420,116 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (15,356 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 75 
 %  
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 66 
 %  
   
   
 34 
 %  
 
   Mississippi 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 67,216 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 67,210 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
 
   Missouri 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 423,224 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 416,034 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (7,190 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 90 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 83 
 %  
 
   Montana 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 50,000 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 50,000 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
 
   Nebraska 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 188,854 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 185,498 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (3,356 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 49 
 %  
   
   
 51 
 %  
 
   Nevada 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 139,342 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 138,662 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (680 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 82 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
 
   North Carolina 
   
   
 34 
    
   
   
 3,322,590 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 3,452,099 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 129,509 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 78 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 69 
 %  
   
   
 31 
 %  
 
   Ohio*** 
   
   
 12 
    
   
   
 724,741 
    
   
   
 135,781 
    
   
   
 722,920 
    
   
   
 120,161 
    
   
   
 (1,821 
 )  
   
   
 (15,620 
 )  
   
   
 45 
 %  
   
   
 55 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 96 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
 
   Oklahoma 
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 820,646 
    
   
   
 14,412 
    
   
   
 1,214,840 
    
   
   
 14,023 
    
   
   
 394,194 
    
   
   
 (389 
 )  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 84 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
   South Carolina 
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 520,707 
    
   
   
 29,711 
    
   
   
 517,472 
    
   
   
 29,110 
    
   
   
 (3,235 
 )  
   
   
 (601 
 )  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 62 
 %  
   
   
 38 
 %  
 
   Tennessee 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 36,756 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 36,389 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (367 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
 
   Texas**** 
   
   
 22 
    
   
   
 1,123,383 
    
   
   
 76,168 
    
   
   
 2,367,460 
    
   
   
 144,067 
    
   
   
 1,244,077 
    
   
   
 67,899 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 52 
 %  
   
   
 48 
 %  
 
   Utah 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 25,248 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 24,514 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (734 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
   Virginia 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 364,373 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 350,113 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (14,260 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 85 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 75 
 %  
   
   
 25 
 %  
 
   Washington 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 41,102 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 40,806 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (296 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 66 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 41 
 %  
   
   
 59 
 %  
 
   West Virginia 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 41,578 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 45,352 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,774 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 43 
 %  
   
   
 57 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 88 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   Wyoming 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 151,220 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 148,162 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (3,058 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   U. S. Total 
 
   
 182 
    
 
   
 12,695,082 
    
 
   
 542,610 
    
 
   
 14,758,974 
    
 
   
 599,482 
    
 
   
 2,063,892 
    
 
   
 56,872 
    
 
   
 92 
 %  
 
   
 8 
 %  
 
   
 0 
 %  
 
   
 55 
 %  
 
   
 45 
 %  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Non-U. S. 
 
   
 2 
    
 
   
 825,865 
    
 
   
 0 
    
 
   
 867,914 
    
 
   
 0 
    
 
   
 42,049 
    
 
   
 0 
    
 
   
 100 
 %  
 
   
 0 
 %  
 
   
 0 
 %  
 
   
 95 
 %  
 
   
 5 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Grand Total 
 
   
 184 
    
 
   
 13,520,947 
    
 
   
 542,610 
    
 
   
 15,626,888 
    
 
   
 599,482 
    
 
   
 2,105,941 
    
 
   
 56,872 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
 * 
 The Company calculates its aggregate reserves for purposes of this table based on land that has been zoned for quarrying and land for which the Company has determined zoning is not required.  
 
 
 ** 
 The Company may own additional land adjacent or near existing quarries on which reserves may be located but does not include such reserves in these calculations if zoning is required but has not been obtained.
 
 
 
 *** 
 The Company’s reserves presented for the State of Ohio include dolomitic limestone reserves used in the business of the Magnesia Specialties segment.  
 
 
 **** 
 The Company’s reserves presented for the States of California and Texas include limestone reserves used in the business of the Cement segment.  
      39  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Total Annual Production (in tons) (add 000) For year ended December 31 
   
   
 Number of years of production available at December 31, 2014 
   
 
   Reportable Segment* 
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   


 
   Mid-America Group 
   
   
 59,785 
    
   
   
 57,529 
    
   
   
 58,748 
    
   
   
 124.2 
    
 
   Southeast Group 
   
   
 18,932 
    
   
   
 17,275 
    
   
   
 18,632 
    
   
   
 185.5 
    
 
   West Group 
   
   
 62,579 
    
   
   
 53,395 
    
   
   
 49,430 
    
   
   
 84.5 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total Aggregates Business 
 
   
 141,296 
    
 
   
 128,199 
    
 
   
 126,810 
    
 
   
 114.8 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 * 
 Prior year segment information has been reclassified to conform to the presentation of the Company’s current reportable segments.  
 Cement Business    As of
December 31, 2014, the Company, through its subsidiaries, processed or shipped cement from 12 properties in 4 states, of which 8 are located on land owned by the Company free of major encumbrances and 4 are on leased land. The Company’s
Cement business has production facilities located at two sites in Texas and one in California: Midlothian, Texas, south of Dallas/Fort Worth; Hunter, Texas, between Austin and San Antonio; and Oro Grande, California, near Los Angeles. The following
table summarizes certain information about the Company’s cement manufacturing facilities at December 31, 2014:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Plant 
   
 Rated Annual Productive Capacity—Tons of Clinker 
   
   
 Manufacturing Process 
   
 Service Date 
   
 Internally Estimated Minimum Reserves—Years 
   


 
   Midlothian, TX 
   
   
 2,200,000 
    
   
 Dry 
   
 2001 
   
   
 57 
    
 
   Hunter, TX 
   
   
 2,250,000 
    
   
 Dry 
   
 2013 and 1981 
   
   
 160 
    
 
   Oro Grande, CA 
   
   
 2,200,000 
    
   
 Dry 
   
 2008 
   
   
 59 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
 
   
 6,650,000 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   Reserves identified with the facilities shown above are contained on approximately 5,579 acres of land owned
by the Company. As of December 31, 2014, the Company estimated its total proven and probable limestone reserves on such land to be approximately 933 million tons.  
 The Company’s cement manufacturing facilities include kilns, crushers, pre-heaters/calciners, coolers, finish mills and other equipment
used to process limestone and other raw materials into cement, as well as equipment used to extract and transport the limestone from the adjacent quarries. These cement manufacturing facilities are served by rail and truck.  
      40  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  As of December 31, 2014, the Company, through its subsidiaries, also operated 5 cement distribution
terminals and 1 cement packaging facility.    Magnesia Specialties Business  
 The Magnesia Specialties business currently operates major manufacturing facilities in Manistee, Michigan, and Woodville, Ohio. Both of these
facilities are owned.    Other Properties  
 The Company’s principal corporate office, which it owns, is located in Raleigh, North Carolina. The Company owns and leases various
administrative offices for its five reportable business segments.    Condition and Utilization  
 The Company’s principal properties, which are of varying ages and are of different construction types, are believed to be generally in
good condition, are generally well maintained, and are generally suitable and adequate for the purposes for which they are used.    During
2014, the principal properties of the Aggregates business were believed to be utilized at average productive capacities of approximately 65% and were capable of supporting a higher level of market demand. However, during the economic recession, the
Company adjusted its production schedules to meet reduced demand for its products. For example, the Company has reduced operating hours at a number of its facilities, closed some of its facilities, and temporarily idled some of its
facilities. In 2014, the Company’s Aggregates business operated at a level significantly below capacity, which restricted the Company’s ability to capitalize $39.8 million of costs that could have been inventoried under normal
operating conditions. If demand does not improve over the near term, such reductions and temporary idling could continue. The Company expects, however, as the economy continues to recover, it will be able to resume production at its
normalized levels and increase production again as demand for its products increases.    During 2014 the Texas cement plants were operating
between 75 and 85 percent utilization and the California cement plant was operating in the low 70s percent utilization, reflective of a slower recovery in the southern California construction economy. The Portland Cement Association
(“PCA”) anticipates California markets should reach a demand/supply equilibrium during 2016. The Cement business’ leadership, in collaboration with the aggregates and ready mixed concrete teams, have developed strategic plans
regarding interplant efficiencies, as well as tactical plans addressing plant utilization and efficiency, providing incremental supply for a sold-out Texas cement market and a road map for significantly improved profitability for 2015 and beyond.
Significant gains in plant utilization and efficiency are typically achieved only during plant shutdowns.    During 2014, the Magnesia
Specialties business was essentially running near capacity at the Manistee, Michigan, magnesia-based chemicals plant and the Woodville, Ohio, lime plant. The Company expects future organic growth to result from increased pricing, rationalization of
the current product portfolio and/or further cost reductions. In the current operating environment, any unplanned change in costs or customers introduces volatility to the earnings of the Magnesia Specialties segment.  
      41  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    From time to time claims of various types are asserted against the
Company arising out of its operations in the normal course of business, including claims relating to land use and permits, safety, health, and environmental matters (such as noise abatement, blasting, vibrations, air emissions, and water
discharges). Such matters are subject to many uncertainties, and it is not possible to determine the probable outcome of, or the amount of liability, if any, from, these matters. In the opinion of management of the Company (which opinion is based in
part upon consideration of the opinion of counsel), based upon currently-available facts, it is remote that the ultimate outcome of any litigation and other proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the overall results of the Company’s
operations, its cash flows, or its financial condition. However, there can be no assurance that an adverse outcome in any of such litigation would not have a material adverse effect on the Company or its operating segments.  
 The Company was not required to pay any penalties in 2014 for failure to disclose certain “reportable transactions” under
Section 6707A of the Internal Revenue Code.    See also “Note N: Commitments and Contingencies” of the “Notes to
Financial Statements” of the 2014 Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this Form 10-K and the 2014 Annual Report and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Environmental
Regulation and Litigation” under Item 7 of this Form 10-K and the 2014 Annual Report.      
 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    The information concerning mine safety violations or other
regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K (17 CFR 229.104) is included in Exhibit 95 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
      42  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT  
 The following sets forth certain information regarding the executive officers of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. as of February 13, 2015:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Age 
    
   Present Position 
    
 Year Assumed Present Position 
    
   Other Positions and Other Business Experience
Within the Last Five Year s 


 
 C. Howard Nye 
    
 52 
    
 Chairman of the Board; 
    
 2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 Chief Executive Officer; 
    
 2010 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 President; 
    
 2006 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 President of Aggregates 
    
 2010 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 Business; 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 Chairman of Magnesia 
    
 2007 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 Specialties Business 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Anne H. Lloyd 
    
 53 
    
 Executive Vice President; 
    
 2009 
    
 Treasurer (2006-2013) 
 
 
    
 
    
 Chief Financial Officer 
    
 2005 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Roselyn R. Bar 
    
 56 
    
 Senior Vice President; 
    
 2005 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 General Counsel; 
    
 2001 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 Corporate Secretary 
    
 1997 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dana F. Guzzo 
    
 49 
    
 Senior Vice President; 
    
 2011 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 Chief Information Officer; 
    
 2011 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 Chief Accounting Officer; 
    
 2006 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 Controller 
    
 2005 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Donald A. McCunniff 
    
 57 
    
   Senior Vice President,   Human Resources 

    
 2011 
    
   Senior Vice President, Human Resources, 
 CenturyLink Inc. (2009-2010) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Daniel L. Grant 
    
 60 
    
   Senior Vice President,   Strategy &
Development 
    
 2013 
    
   Senior Vice President, Strategy & Development, Lehigh Hanson, Inc., a producer of construction materials, and a subsidiary of Heidelberg
Cement   (1995-2013) 
   PART II  
   
 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  
 Market Information, Holders, and Dividends  
 The Company’s Common Stock, $.01 par value, is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) (Symbol: MLM). Information
concerning stock prices and dividends paid is included under the caption “Quarterly Performance (Unaudited)” of the 2014 Annual Report, and that information is incorporated herein by reference. There were 1,012 holders of record of the
Company’s Common Stock as of February 13, 2015.    Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  
 None.  
      43  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
   
    
 Average Price Paid per Share 
   
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 
   
    
 Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 
   


 
   October 1, 2014 –   October 31,
2014 
    
   
 0 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 5,041,871 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   November 1, 2014 –   November 30,
2014 
    
   
 0 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 5,041,871 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   December 1, 2014 –   December 31,
2014 
    
   
 0 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 5,041,871 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Total 
    
   
 0 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 5,041,871 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The Company’s initial stock repurchase program, which authorized the repurchase of 2.5 million shares of common stock, was announced in a press release dated May 6, 1994, and has been updated as
appropriate. The program does not have an expiration date. The Company announced in a press release dated February 22, 2006 that its Board of Directors had authorized the repurchase of an additional 5 million shares of common stock. The
Company announced in a press release dated August 15, 2007 that its Board of Directors had authorized the repurchase of an additional 5 million shares of common stock. The Company announced in a press release dated February 10, 2015
that its Board of Directors had authorized the repurchase of an additional 15 million shares of common stock, for a total repurchase authorization of 20 million shares.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA    The information required in response to this Item 6 is
included under the caption “Five Year Summary” of the 2014 Annual Report, and that information is incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 M ANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
 The information required in response to this Item 7 is included under the caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the 2014 Annual Report, and that information is incorporated herein by reference, except that the information contained under the caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Outlook 2015” in the 2014 Annual Report is not incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    The information required in
response to this Item 7A is included under the caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” of the 2014 Annual Report,
and that information is incorporated herein by reference.  
      44  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA    The information required in response to
this Item 8 is included under the caption “Consolidated Statements of Earnings,” “Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings,” “Consolidated Balance Sheets,” “Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows,” “Consolidated Statements of Total Equity,” “Notes to Financial Statements,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and “Quarterly Performance
(Unaudited)” of the 2014 Annual Report, and that information is incorporated herein by reference, except that the information contained under the caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Outlook 2015” in the 2014 Annual Report is not incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
 None.      
 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    As of December 31, 2014, an evaluation was performed under
the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the
Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, the Company’s management, including the CEO and CFO, concluded that the Company’s disclosure
controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that all material information required to be disclosed is made known to them in a timely manner as of December 31, 2014 and further concluded that the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting was effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company’s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles as of December 31, 2014. As permitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, management’s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal
controls over certain assets and the net sales of the acquired cement and ready mixed concrete operations, which are included in the 2014 consolidated financial statements and constituted 18% of consolidated total assets and 17% of consolidated net
sales as of and for the year ended December 31, 2014. There were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.    The foregoing evaluation of the Company’s
disclosure controls and procedures was based on the definition in Exchange Act Rule 13A-15(e), which requires that disclosure controls and procedures are effectively designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the
reports that it files or submits with the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to the issuer’s
management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
      45  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Company’s management, including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that the Company’s
control system will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a
control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because
of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part
upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, control may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.  
 The Company’s management has issued its annual statement of financial responsibility and report on the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting, which included management’s assessment that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective at December 31, 2014. The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm has
issued an attestation report that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective at December 31, 2014. Management’s report on the Company’s internal controls and the attestation report of the Company’s
independent registered public accounting firm are included in the 2014 Financial Statements, included under Item 8 of this Form 10-K and the 2014 Annual Report. See also “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations - Internal Control and Accounting and Reporting Risk” under Item 7 of this Form 10-K and the 2014 Annual Report.  
 Included among the Exhibits to this Form 10-K are forms of “Certifications” of the Company’s CEO and CFO as required in
accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Section 302 Certification”). The Section 302 Certifications refer to this evaluation of the Company’s disclosure policies and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting. The information in this section should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented.  
 PART III      
 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE    The information concerning
directors of the Company, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, and the Audit Committee financial expert serving on the Audit Committee, all as required in response to this Item 10, is included under the captions “Corporate
Governance Matters” and “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement to be  
      46  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of the Company’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 (the “2015 Proxy Statement”), and that
information is hereby incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. Information concerning executive officers of the Company required in response to this Item 10 is included in Part I, under the heading “Executive Officers of the
Registrant,” of this Form 10-K. The information concerning the Company’s code of ethics required in response to this Item 10 is included in Part I, under the heading “Available Information,” of this Form  10-K.       
 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION    The information required in response to this Item 11 is
included under the captions “Executive Compensation,” “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Corporate Governance Matters,” “Management Development and Compensation Committee Report,” and “Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” in the Company’s 2015 Proxy Statement, and that information is hereby incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K.      
 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  
 The information required in response to this Item 12 is included under the captions “General Information,” “Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management,” and “Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans” in the Company’s 2015 Proxy Statement, and that information is hereby incorporated by reference in
this Form 10-K.      
 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE    The
information required in response to this Item 13 is included under the captions “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in Compensation Decisions” and “Corporate Governance Matters” in the Company’s
2015 Proxy Statement, and that information is hereby incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K.      
 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES    The information required in response to this
Item 14 is included under the caption “Independent Auditors” in the Company’s 2015 Proxy Statement, and that information is hereby incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K.  
      47  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART IV  
   
 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES    (a) (1) List of financial statements filed as part
of this Form 10-K.    The following consolidated financial statements of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and consolidated subsidiaries,
included in the 2014 Annual Report and incorporated by reference under Item 8 of this Form 10-K:    Consolidated Statements of
Earnings—    for years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012  
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings—  
 for years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012  
 Consolidated Balance Sheets—  
 at December 31, 2014 and 2013  
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows—  
 for years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012  
 Consolidated Statements of Total Equity—  
 for years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012  
 Notes to Financial Statements      
 
 
 (2) 
 List of financial statement schedules filed as part of this Form 10-K     The following
financial statement schedule of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and consolidated subsidiaries is included in Item 15(c) of this Form 10-K.  
 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  
 All other schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information has been otherwise supplied in the
financial statements or notes to the financial statements.    The report of the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm
with respect to the above-referenced financial statements is included in the 2014 Annual Report, and that report is hereby incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. The report on the financial statement schedule and the consent of the
Company’s independent registered public accounting firm are attached as Exhibit 23.01 to this Form 10-K.      
 
 
 ( 3) 
 Exhibits     The list of Exhibits on the accompanying Index of Exhibits included in
Item 15(b) of this Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by reference. Each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit is indicated by asterisks.  
      48  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (b) 
 Index of Exhibits       
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit No. 


 
 
 
 
   3.01 
    
 —Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013)
(Commission File  No. 1-12744)) 
 
 
 
 
   3.02 
    
 —Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 10, 2011) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   4.01 
    
 —Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. registration statement on Form S-1 (SEC Registration No. 33- 72648) 
 
 
 
 
   4.02 
    
 —Articles 2 and 8 of the Company’s Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.02 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1996) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   4.03 
    
 —Article 1 of the Company’s Restated Bylaws, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 10, 2011) (Commission File No.
1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   4.04 
    
 —Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995 between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and First Union National Bank of North Carolina (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. registration
statement on Form S-3 (SEC Registration No. 33- 99082)) 
 
 
 
 
   4.05 
    
 —Form of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. 7% Debenture due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a)(i) to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. registration statement on Form S-3 (SEC Registration No. 33-99082)) 
 
 
 
 
   4.06 
    
 —Indenture dated as of April 30, 2007 between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Branch Banking and Trust Company, Inc., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 30, 2007 (Commission File No. 1-12744)) 
 
 
 
 
   4.07 
    
 —Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 30, 2007, between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Branch Banking and Trust Company, Inc., as trustee, to that certain Indenture dated as of April 30, 2007 between Martin
Marietta Materials, Inc. and Branch Banking and Trust Company, Inc., as trustee, pursuant to which were issued $250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6
  1 ⁄ 4 % Senior Notes due 2037 of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report
on Form 8-K, filed on April 30, 2007 (Commission File No. 1-12744)) 
 
 
 
 
   4.08 
    
 —Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 21, 2008, between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Branch Banking and Trust Company, Inc., as trustee, to that certain Indenture dated as of April 30, 2007 between Martin
Marietta Materials, Inc. and Branch Banking and Trust Company, Inc., as trustee, pursuant to which were issued $300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6.60% Senior Notes due 2018 of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 4.1 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 21, 2008 (Commission File No. 1-12744)) 
 
 
 
 
   4.09 
    
 —Rights Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2006, by and between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Rights Agent, which includes the Form of Articles of Amendment With Respect
to the Junior Participating Class B Preferred Stock of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as Exhibit A, and the Form of Rights Certificate, as Exhibit B (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
on September 28, 2006) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
      49  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
     4.10 
 
 —Purchase Agreement dated as of June 23, 2014 among Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the several initial purchasers named in Schedule 1
thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 24, 2014) (Commission File  No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
     4.11 
 
 —Indenture, dated as of July 2, 2014, between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Regions Bank, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 2, 2014)
(Commission File  No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
     4.12 
 
 —Form of Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2017 (included in Exhibit 4.10) 
 
 
 
 
     4.13 
 
 —Form of 4.250% Senior Notes due 2024 (included in Exhibit 4.10) 
 
 
 
 
     4.14 
 
 —Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2014, among Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the Initial Purchasers (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 2, 2014) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   10.01 
 
 —$600,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of November 29, 2013 among Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Branch Banking and Trust Company, and
SunTrust Bank, as Co-Syndication Agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2013) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   10.02 
 
 — Credit and Security Agreement dated as of April 19, 2013, among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and SunTrust Bank, as lender together with the other lenders from time to
time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2013) (Commission File No.
1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   10.03 
 
 —Commitment Letter dated as of June 20, 2014 to the Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2013 (as last amended April 18, 2014), among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as
servicer, and SunTrust Bank, as lender together with the other lenders from time to time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2014) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   10.04 
 
 —First Amendment dated as of June 23, 2014 to the Credit Agreement dated as of November 29, 2013, among Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., the lenders listed therein and J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2014) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   10.05 
 
 —Second Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2014, among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and SunTrust Bank, as lender together with the other
lenders from time to time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2014) (Commission
File  No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   10.06 
 
 —Fifth Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2014, among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and SunTrust Bank, as lender together with the
other lenders from time to time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2014)
(Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
      50  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
     10.07 
 
 —Purchase and Contribution Agreement dated as of April 19, 2013, between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as seller and as servicer, and Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as buyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to
the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2013) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
     10.08 
 
 —Form of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Third Amended and Restated Employment Protection Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August
19, 2008) (Commission File No. 1- 12744)** 
 
 
 
 
     10.09 
 
 —Amended and Restated Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Common Stock Purchase Plan for Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.05 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2013) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
     10.10 
 
 —Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Executive Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.05 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2008) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
     10.11 
 
 —Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Incentive Stock Plan, as Amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.06 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2008) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
     10.12 
 
 —Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan dated April 3, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended June 30, 2006) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
     10.13 
 
 —Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended Omnibus Securities Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000)
(Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
     10.14 
 
 —Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Third Amended and Restated Supplemental Excess Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
June 30, 2012) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
     10.15 
 
 —Form of Option Award Agreement under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
     10.16 
 
 —Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Quarterly Report
on  Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2009) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
     10.17 
 
 —Form of Amendment to the Stock Unit Agreement under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
     10.18 
 
 —Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement used for Directors under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Martin Marietta Materials,
Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
   *10.19 
 
 —Form of Special Restricted Stock Unit Agreement used under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan** 
 
 
 
 
   *10.20 
 
 —Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement used under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan** 
 
 
 
 
   *12.01 
 
 —Computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges for the year ended December 31, 2014 
 
      51  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
   *13.01 
 
 —Excerpts from Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. 2014 Annual Report to Shareholders, portions of which are incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. Those portions of the 2014 Annual Report to Shareholders that are not
incorporated by reference shall not be deemed to be “filed” as part of this report. 
 
 
 
 
   *21.01 
 
 —List of subsidiaries of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
   *23.01 
 
 —Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and consolidated subsidiaries 
 
 
 
 
   *24.01 
 
 —Powers of Attorney (included in this Form 10-K immediately following Signatures) 
 
 
 
 
   *31.01 
 
 —Certification dated February 24, 2015 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, rule 13a-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 
 
 
   *31.02 
 
 —Certification dated February 24, 2015 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, rule 13a-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 
 
 
   *32.01 
 
 —Certification dated February 24, 2015 of Chief Executive Officer required by 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 
 
 
   *32.02 
 
 —Certification dated February 24, 2015 of Chief Financial Officer required by 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 
 
 
   *95 
 
 —Mine Safety Disclosure Exhibit 
 
 
 
 
   *101.INS 
 
 —XBRL Instance Document 
 
 
 
 
   *101.SCH 
 
 —XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 
 
 
   *101.CAL 
 
 —XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 
   *101.LAB 
 
 —XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 
   *101.PRE 
 
 —XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 
   *101.DEF 
 
 —XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
   Other material incorporated by reference:  
 Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.’s 2015 Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, portions of which are incorporated by reference
in this Form 10-K. Those portions of the 2015 Proxy Statement which are not incorporated by reference shall not be deemed to be “filed” as part of this report.      
   
 
 
 * 
 Filed herewith  
 
 
 ** 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 14(c) of  Form 10-K   
      52  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (c) 
 Financial Statement Schedule     SCHEDULE II — VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
   MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Col A 
    
 Col B 
   
    
 Col C 
   
   
 Col D 
   
   
 Col E 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Additions 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Description 
    
 Balance at beginning of period 
   
    
 (1) Charged to costs and expenses 
   
    
 (2) Charged to other accounts— describe 
   
   
 Deductions- describe 
   
   
 Balance at end of period 
   
 
   (Amounts in Thousands) 
   


 
   Year ended December 31, 2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 4,081 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 4 
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 4,077 
    
 
   Allowance for uncollectible notes receivable 
    
   
 809 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,103 
 (b)  
   
   
 426 
 (a)  
   
   
 1,486 
    
 
   Inventory valuation allowance 
    
   
 99,026 
    
    
   
 11,762 
    
    
   
 9,942 
 (c)  
   
   
 1,541 
 (d)  
   
   
 119,189 
    
 
   Year ended December 31, 2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 6,069 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 1,988 
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 4,081 
    
 
   Allowance for uncollectible notes receivable 
    
   
 440 
    
    
   
 369 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 809 
    
 
   Inventory valuation allowance 
    
   
 96,817 
    
    
   
 1,165 
    
    
   
 1,044 
 (c)  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 99,026 
    
 
   Year ended December 31, 2012 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 5,295 
    
    
 $ 
 774 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 6,069 
    
 
   Allowance for uncollectible notes receivable 
    
   
 295 
    
    
   
 145 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 440 
    
 
   Inventory valuation allowance 
    
   
 92,481 
    
    
   
 4,475 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 139 
 (d)  
   
   
 96,817 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Write off of uncollectible accounts and change in estimates.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Application of reserves to acquired notes receivable.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Application of reserve policy to acquired inventories.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Divestitures.  
      53  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.          
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
 
   /s/ Roselyn R. Bar 
 
 
 
 Roselyn R. Bar 
 
 
 
 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 
   Dated: February 24, 2015  
 POWER OF ATTORNEY    KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below appoints Roselyn R. Bar and M. Guy Brooks, III, jointly and severally, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact, each with full power of substitution and
resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, jointly and severally, full power and authority to do and perform each in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact, jointly and severally, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.  
      54  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been
signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Signature 
    
   Title 
   
   Date 


 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ C. Howard Nye 
    
   Chairman of the Board,   President
and Chief Executive   Officer 
   
 February 19, 2015 
 
 C. Howard Nye 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Anne H. Lloyd 
    
   Executive Vice President   and
Chief Financial Officer 
   
 February 19, 2015 
 
 Anne H. Lloyd 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Dana F. Guzzo 
    
   Senior Vice President, Chief 
 Information Officer, Chief   Accounting Officer, 
 and Controller 
   
 February 19, 2015 
 
 Dana F. Guzzo 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Sue W. Cole 
    
 Director 
   
 February 19, 2015 
 
 Sue W. Cole 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ David G. Maffucci 
    
 Director 
   
 February 19, 2015 
 
 David G. Maffucci 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ William E. McDonald 
    
 Director 
   
 February 19, 2015 
 
 William E. McDonald 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Frank H. Menaker, Jr. 
    
 Director 
   
 February 19, 2015 
 
 Frank H. Menaker, Jr. 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Laree E. Perez 
    
 Director 
   
 February 19, 2015 
 
 Laree E. Perez 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Michael J. Quillen 
    
 Director 
   
 February 19, 2015 
 
 Michael J. Quillen 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Dennis L. Rediker 
    
 Director 
   
 February 19, 2015 
 
 Dennis L. Rediker 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Richard A. Vinroot 
    
 Director 
   
 February 19, 2015 
 
 Richard A. Vinroot 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr. 
    
 Director 
   
 February 19, 2015 
 
 Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr. 
    
 
   
 
 
      55  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EXHIBITS      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit No . 
    
   


 
 
 
 
   3.01 
    
 —Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013)
(Commission  File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   3.02 
    
 —Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report) on Form 8-K, filed on November 10, 2011) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   4.01 
    
 —Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. registration statement on Form S-1 (SEC Registration No. 33-72648)) 
 
 
 
 
   4.02 
    
 —Articles 2 and 8 of the Company’s Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.02 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1996) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   4.03 
    
 —Article 1 of the Company’s Restated Bylaws, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 10, 2011) (Commission File No.
1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   4.04 
    
 —Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995 between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and First Union National Bank of North Carolina (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. registration
statement on Form S-3 (SEC Registration No. 33-99082)) 
 
 
 
 
   4.05 
    
 —Form of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. 7% Debenture due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a)(i) to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. registration statement on Form S-3 (SEC Registration No. 33-99082)) 
 
 
 
 
   4.06 
    
 —Indenture dated as of April 30, 2007 between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Branch Banking and Trust Company, Inc., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 30, 2007 (Commission File No. 1-12744)) 
 
 
 
 
   4.07 
    
 —Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 30, 2007, between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Branch Banking and Trust Company, Inc., as trustee, to that certain Indenture dated as of April 30, 2007 between Martin
Marietta Materials, Inc. and Branch Banking and Trust Company, Inc., as trustee, pursuant to which were issued $250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6
  1 ⁄ 4 % Senior Notes due 2037 of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report
on Form 8-K, filed on April 30, 2007 (Commission  File No. 1-12744)) 
 
 
 
 
   4.08 
    
 —Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 21, 2008, between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Branch Banking and Trust Company, Inc., as trustee, to that certain Indenture dated as of April 30, 2007 between Martin
Marietta Materials, Inc. and Branch Banking and Trust Company, Inc., as trustee, pursuant to which were issued $300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6.60% Senior Notes due 2018 of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 4.1 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 21, 2008 (Commission  File No. 1-12744)) 
 
 
 
 
   4.09 
    
 —Rights Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2006, by and between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Rights Agent, which includes the Form of Articles of Amendment With Respect
to the Junior Participating Class B Preferred Stock of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as Exhibit A, 
 
      56  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 and the Form of Rights Certificate, as Exhibit B (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 28, 2006) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
     4.10 
 
 —Purchase Agreement dated as of June 23, 2014 among Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the several initial purchasers named in Schedule 1
thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 24, 2014) (Commission  File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
     4.11 
 
 —Indenture, dated as of July 2, 2014, between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Regions Bank, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 2, 2014)
(Commission File  No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
     4.12 
 
 —Form of Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2017 (included in Exhibit 4.10) 
 
 
 
 
     4.13 
 
 —Form of 4.250% Senior Notes due 2024 (included in Exhibit 4.10) 
 
 
 
 
     4.14 
 
 —Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2014, among Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the Initial Purchasers (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 2, 2014) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   10.01 
 
 —$600,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of November 29, 2013 among Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Branch Banking and Trust Company, and
SunTrust Bank, as Co- Syndication Agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2013) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   10.02 
 
 — Credit and Security Agreement dated as of April 19, 2013, among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and SunTrust Bank, as lender together with the other lenders from time to
time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2013) (Commission File No.
1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   10.03 
 
 —Commitment Letter dated as of June 20, 2014 to the Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2013 (as last amended April 18, 2014), among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as
servicer, and SunTrust Bank, as lender together with the other lenders from time to time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2014) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   10.04 
 
 —First Amendment dated as of June 23, 2014 to the Credit Agreement dated as of November 29, 2013, among Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., the lenders listed therein and J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2014) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   10.05 
 
 —Second Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2014, among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and SunTrust Bank, as lender together with the other
lenders from time to time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2014) (Commission
File  No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   10.06 
 
 —Fifth Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2014, among Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as borrower, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as servicer, and SunTrust Bank, as lender together with the
other lenders from time to 
 
      57  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2014) (Commission File
No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   10.07 
 
 — Purchase and Contribution Agreement dated as of April 19, 2013, between Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., as seller and as servicer, and Martin Marietta Funding LLC, as buyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the
Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2013) (Commission File No. 1-12744) 
 
 
 
 
   10.08 
 
 —Form of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Third Amended and Restated Employment Protection Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August
19, 2008) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
   10.09 
 
 —Amended and Restated Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Common Stock Purchase Plan for Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.05 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2013) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
   10.10 
 
 —Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Executive Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.05 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2008) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
   10.11 
 
 —Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Incentive Stock Plan, as Amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.06 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008)
(Commission File  No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
   10.12 
 
 —Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan dated April 3, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended June 30, 2006) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
   10.13 
 
 —Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended Omnibus Securities Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000)
(Commission File No. 1- 12744)** 
 
 
 
 
   10.14 
 
 —Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Third Amended and Restated Supplemental Excess Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
June 30, 2012) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
   10.15 
 
 —Form of Option Award Agreement under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
   10.16 
 
 —Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
   10.17 
 
 —Form of Amendment to the Stock Unit Agreement under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
 
 
 
   10.18 
 
 —Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement used for Directors under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Martin Marietta Materials,
Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013) (Commission File No. 1-12744)** 
 
      58  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
   *10.19 
 
 —Form of Special Restricted Stock Unit Agreement used under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan** 
 
 
 
 
   *10.20 
 
 —Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement used under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan** 
 
 
 
 
   *12.01 
 
 —Computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges for the year ended December 31, 2014 
 
 
 
 
   *13.01 
 
 —Excerpts from Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. 2014 Annual Report to Shareholders, portions of which are incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. Those portions of the 2014 Annual Report to Shareholders that are not
incorporated by reference shall not be deemed to be “filed” as part of this report. 
 
 
 
 
   *21.01 
 
 —List of subsidiaries of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
   *23.01 
 
 —Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and consolidated subsidiaries 
 
 
 
 
   *24.01 
 
 —Powers of Attorney (included in this Form 10-K immediately following Signatures) 
 
 
 
 
   *31.01 
 
 —Certification dated February 24, 2015 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, rule 13a-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 
 
 
   *31.02 
 
 —Certification dated February 24, 2015 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, rule 13a-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 
 
 
   *32.01 
 
 —Certification dated February 24, 2015 of Chief Executive Officer required by 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 
 
 
   *32.02 
 
 —Certification dated February 24, 2015 of Chief Financial Officer required by 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 
 
 
   *95 
 
 —Mine Safety Disclosure Exhibit 
 
 
 
 
   *101.INS 
 
 —XBRL Instance Document 
 
 
 
 
   *101.SCH 
 
 —XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 
 
 
   *101.CAL 
 
 —XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 
   *101.LAB 
 
 —XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 
   *101.PRE 
 
 —XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 
   *101.DEF 
 
 —XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
   Other material incorporated by reference:  
 Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.’s 2015 Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, portions of which are incorporated by reference
in this Form 10-K. Those portions of the 2015 Proxy Statement which are not incorporated by reference shall not be deemed to be “filed” as part of this report.      
   
 
 
 * 
 Filed herewith  
 
 
 ** 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 14(c) of  Form 10-K   
      59  

 
 
 
