
 10-K
 1
 a2223029z10-k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Use these links to rapidly review the document 
   Table of Contents   
   Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 

 


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 

 Table of Contents   


    

   
    

 UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549   

 FORM 10-K   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (mark one) 
   
   
 
 
 ý 
   
  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 
 
  
  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014   

  or   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 o 
   
  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 
 
  
  For the transition period
from                        to                
          

  Commission File Number: 0-27488   

 INCYTE CORPORATION    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Delaware 
(State of other jurisdiction 
of incorporation or organization) 
   
  94-3136539 
(IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 
 
 
 1801 Augustine Cut-Off 
Wilmington, DE 
(Address of principal executives offices) 
   
 
 19803 
(zip code)   (302) 498-6700 
(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 
 
  
  Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Title of each class  
   
 Name of exchange on which registered  
 
 
 Common Stock, $.001 par value per share 
   
 The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
 
 
 
  
  Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  

 None 

          Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes  ý     No  o   


          Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the
Act. Yes  o     No  ý   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes  ý     No  o   


          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  ý     No  o   

          Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  ý   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one)  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 Large accelerated filer  ý 
   
 Accelerated filer  o 
   
 Non-accelerated filer  o   (Do not check if a smaller 
reporting company) 
   
 Smaller reporting company  o 
 
 
 
  
           Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes  o     No  ý   

          The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates (based on the closing sale price on The NASDAQ Global Select Market on June 30, 2014) was
approximately $8.6 billion.  

          As
of February 9, 2015 there were 171,765,591 shares of Common Stock, $.001 par value per share, outstanding.  

   
   
   DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE          

          Items 10
(as to directors and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance), 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III incorporate by reference information from the
registrant's proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the registrant's 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held
on May 27, 2015.  

 
   
      
 
   
 
  
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 

 Table of Contents   


   

   
   Table of Contents          

 
   
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   PART I 
   
     
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 1. 
   
   Business 
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
   Item 1A. 
   
   Risk Factors 
   
   
 28 
   
 
 
   Item 1B. 
   
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
   
 48 
   
 
 
   Item 2. 
   
   Properties 
   
   
 48 
   
 
 
   Item 3. 
   
   Legal Proceedings 
   
   
 48 
   
 
 
   Item 4. 
   
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
   
 48 
   
 
 
   PART II 
   
     
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 5. 
   
   Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities 
   
   
 50 
   
 
 
   Item 6. 
   
   Selected Financial Data 
   
   
 51 
   
 
 
   Item 7. 
   
   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 
   
   
 52 
   
 
 
   Item 7A. 
   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
   
   
 70 
   
 
 
   Item 8. 
   
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   
   
 71 
   
 
 
   Item 9. 
   
   Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 
   
   
 107 
   
 
 
   Item 9A. 
   
   Controls and Procedures 
   
   
 107 
   
 
 
   Item 9B. 
   
   Other Information 
   
   
 109 
   
 
 
   PART III 
   
     
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 10. 
   
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
   
   
 109 
   
 
 
   Item 11. 
   
   Executive Compensation 
   
   
 109 
   
 
 
   Item 12. 
   
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters 
   
   
 110 
   
 
 
   Item 13. 
   
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
   
   
 110 
   
 
 
   Item 14. 
   
   Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
   
   
 110 
   
 
 
   PART IV 
   
     
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 15. 
   
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
   
   
 110 
   
 
 
    SIGNATURES 
   
   
 115 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  1 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 

 Table of Contents   

   Item 1.     Business   

          This report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements relate
to future periods, future events or our future operating or financial plans or performance. Often, these statements include the words "believe," "expect," "target," "anticipate," "intend," "plan,"
"seek," "estimate," "potential," or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "would," "should," "could," "might," or "may," or the negative of these terms, and other
similar expressions. These forward-looking statements include statements as to: 

 
 
 • the discovery, development, formulation, manufacturing and commercialization of our compounds, our drug
candidates and JAKAFI ® /JAKAVI ®  (ruxolitinib); 
 • conducting clinical trials internally, with collaborators, or with clinical research
organizations; 
 • our collaboration and strategic relationship strategy; anticipated benefits and disadvantages of entering into
collaboration agreements; 
 • our licensing, investment and commercialization strategies, including our plans to commercialize
JAKAFI; 
 • the regulatory approval process, including obtaining U.S. Food and Drug Administration and other international
health authorities approval for our products in the United States and abroad; 
 • the safety, effectiveness and potential benefits and indications of our drug candidates and other compounds
under development; 
 • the timing and size of our clinical trials; the compounds expected to enter clinical trials; timing of
clinical trial results; 
 • our ability to manage expansion of our drug discovery and development
operations; 
 • future required expertise relating to clinical trials, manufacturing, sales and
marketing; 
 • obtaining and terminating licenses to products, drug candidates or technology, or other intellectual property
rights; 
 • the receipt from or payments pursuant to collaboration or license agreements resulting from milestones or
royalties; 
 • plans to develop and commercialize products on our own; 
 • plans to use third party manufacturers; 
 • expected expenses and expenditure levels; expected uses of cash; expected revenues and sources of
revenues; 
 • expected losses; fluctuation of losses; currency translation impact associated with collaboration
royalties; 
 • our profitability; the adequacy of our capital resources to continue
operations; 
 • the need to raise additional capital; 
 • the costs associated with resolving matters in litigation; 
 • our expectations regarding competition; 
 • our investments, including anticipated expenditures, losses and
expenses; 
 • our patent prosecution and maintenance efforts; and 
 • our indebtedness, and debt service obligations. 
 
 2 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

          These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, are based on assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties.
These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected and include, but are not limited to: 

 
 
 • our ability to successfully commercialize JAKAFI; 
 • our ability to maintain at anticipated levels, reimbursement for JAKAFI from government health administration
authorities, private health insurers and other organizations; 
 • our ability to establish and maintain effective sales, marketing and distribution
capabilities; 
 • the risk of reliance on other parties to manufacture JAKAFI, which could result in a short supply of JAKAFI,
increased costs, and withdrawal of regulatory approval; 
 • our ability to maintain regulatory approvals to market
JAKAFI; 
 • our ability to achieve a significant market share in order to achieve or maintain
profitability; 
 • the risk of civil or criminal penalties if we market JAKAFI in a manner that violates health care fraud and
abuse and other applicable laws, rules and regulations; 
 • our ability to discover, develop, formulate, manufacture and commercialize our drug
candidates; 
 • the risk of unanticipated delays in research and development
efforts; 
 • the risk that previous preclinical testing or clinical trial results are not necessarily indicative of future
clinical trial results; 
 • risks relating to the conduct of our clinical trials; 
 • changing regulatory requirements; 
 • the risk of adverse safety findings; 
 • the risk that results of our clinical trials do not support submission of a marketing approval application for
our drug candidates; 
 • the risk of significant delays or costs in obtaining regulatory
approvals; 
 • risks relating to our reliance on third party manufacturers, collaborators, and clinical research
organizations; 
 • risks relating to the development of new products and their use by us and our current and potential
collaborators; 
 • risks relating to our inability to control the development of out-licensed compounds or drug
candidates; 
 • risks relating to our collaborators' ability to develop and commercialize drug
candidates; 
 • costs associated with prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual
property rights; 
 • our ability to maintain or obtain adequate product liability and other insurance
coverage; 
 • the risk that our drug candidates may not obtain or maintain regulatory
approval; 
 • the impact of technological advances and competition; 
 • our ability to compete against third parties with greater resources than
ours; 
 • risks relating to changes in pricing and reimbursements in the markets in which we may
compete; 
 • competition to develop and commercialize similar drug products; 
 
 3 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 • our ability to obtain patent protection and freedom to operate for our discoveries and to continue to be
effective in expanding our patent coverage; 
 • the impact of changing laws on our patent portfolio; 
 • developments in and expenses relating to litigation; 
 • our ability to in-license drug candidates or other
technology; 
 • our substantial leverage; 
 • our ability to obtain additional capital when needed; 
 • fluctuations in net cash provided and used by operating, financing and investing
activities; 
 • our history of operating losses; and 
 • the risks set forth under "Risk Factors." 
 

          Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by federal securities laws, we
undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future. 

          In this report all references to "Incyte," "we," "us," "our" or the "Company" mean Incyte Corporation and our subsidiaries, except where it is made clear that the
term means only the parent company. 

          Incyte and JAKAFI are our registered trademarks. We also refer to trademarks of other corporations and organizations in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

   
     


 


Overview          

         Incyte is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics to treat
serious unmet medical needs, primarily in oncology. JAKAFI (ruxolitinib) is our first product to be approved for sale in the United States. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) in November 2011 for the treatment of patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis and in December 2014 for the treatment of patients with polycythemia vera who have had an inadequate
response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea. Myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera are both rare blood cancers.  

         JAKAFI
is marketed in the United States through our own specialty sales force and commercial team. Under our collaboration agreement with Novartis International
Pharmaceutical Ltd., Novartis received exclusive development and commercialization rights to ruxolitinib outside of the United States for all hematologic and oncologic indications and sells
ruxolitinib outside of the United States under the name JAKAVI.  

         In
2003, we initiated a research and development program to explore the inhibition of enzymes called janus associated kinases (JAK). The JAK family is composed of four tyrosine
kinases—JAK1, JAK2, JAK3 and Tyk2—that are involved in the signaling of a number of cytokines and growth factors. JAKs are central to a number of biologic processes, including
the formation and development of blood cells and the regulation of immune functions. Dysregulation of the JAK-STAT signaling pathway has been associated with a number of diseases, including
myeloproliferative neoplasms, other hematological malignancies, solid tumors, rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and other chronic inflammatory diseases. Myeloproliferative neoplasms are a closely
related group of blood diseases in which blood cells, specifically platelets, white blood cells, and red blood cells, grow or act abnormally in the bone marrow. These diseases include myelofibrosis
(MF), polycythemia vera (PV) and essential thrombocythemia.  

         We
have discovered multiple potent, selective and orally bioavailable JAK inhibitors that are selective for JAK1 or JAK1 and JAK2. JAKAFI is the most advanced compound in our JAK
program. It is an  

 4 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 oral JAK1
and JAK2 inhibitor and was approved by the FDA in November 2011 as a treatment for patients with intermediate or high-risk MF, which includes primary MF, post-polycythemia vera MF and
post-essential thrombocythemia MF. We estimate there are between 16,000 and 18,500 patients with MF in the United States. Based on the modern prognostic scoring systems referred to as International
Prognostic Scoring System and Dynamic International Prognostic Scoring System, we believe intermediate and high-risk patients represent 80 percent to 90 percent of all patients with MF
in the United States and encompass patients over the age of 65, or patients who have or have ever had any of the following: anemia, constitutional symptoms, elevated white blood cell or blast counts,
or platelet counts less than 100,000 per microliter of blood.  

         In
December 2014, the FDA approved JAKAFI for the treatment of patients with PV who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea. Current standard treatment for PV
is phlebotomy (the removal of blood from the body) plus aspirin. When phlebotomy can no longer control PV, chemotherapy such as hydroxyurea, or interferon, is utilized. Approximately 25,000 patients
with PV in the United States are considered uncontrolled because they have an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea, the most commonly used chemotherapeutic agent for the treatment
of PV.  

         JAKAFI
was the first FDA-approved JAK inhibitor for any indication and was the first and remains the only product approved by the FDA for use in MF and also now in PV. The FDA has
granted JAKAFI orphan drug status for MF, PV and essential thrombocythemia.  


         In
August 2012, the European Commission approved ruxolitinib as JAKAVI for the treatment of disease-related splenomegaly or symptoms in adult patients with primary MF (also known as
chronic idiopathic MF), post-polycythemia vera MF or post-essential thrombocythemia MF. In January 2015, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use of the European Medicines Agency adopted a
positive opinion for JAKAVI for the treatment of adult patients with polycythemia vera who are resistant to or intolerant of hydroxyurea. We have retained all development and commercialization rights
to JAKAFI in the United States and are eligible to receive development and commercial milestones as well as royalties from product sales outside the United States. We hold patents that cover the
composition of matter and use of ruxolitinib through late 2027, excluding additional potential patent term extensions. We believe ruxolitinib may have potential as a treatment for other cancers.  

         Full
results from the Phase II proof-of-concept RECAP trial of ruxolitinib in patients with refractory metastatic pancreatic cancer were presented in June 2014 and suggest a
demonstrable survival benefit in a pre-specified subgroup of patients with elevated C-reactive protein (CRP). The Company and the FDA have agreed on a Special Protocol Assessment (SPA) for a
registration trial for advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer. Under the SPA, the Phase III JANUS 1 trial can be limited to patients with elevated CRP and there is no requirement to develop a
companion diagnostic. The global Phase III program includes a second nearly identical Phase III trial, JANUS 2, and both trials are
ongoing. The FDA has granted orphan drug status for ruxolitinib for the treatment of pancreatic cancer.  

         Elevated
CRP has negative prognostic significance in many tumor types, and we believe that JAK inhibition may represent a new treatment approach for other solid tumors. To test this
hypothesis, we have initiated three blinded proof-of-concept Phase II trials evaluating ruxolitinib in non-small cell lung cancer, breast cancer and colorectal cancer. The primary endpoint for
each trial will be overall survival.  

         We
have a second oral JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitor, baricitinib, which is subject to a collaboration agreement with Eli Lilly and Company in which Lilly received exclusive worldwide
development and commercialization rights for the compound for inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. We could receive tiered, double-digit royalty payments on future global sales of products subject to
the agreement with rates ranging up to 20 percent if the products are successfully commercialized. This collaboration also contains an option for us to co-develop compounds for any inflammatory
and autoimmune disease, whereby we fund 30 percent of development costs from Phase IIb through regulatory approval for that indication in exchange for tiered royalties ranging up to the
high twenties on potential future sales. We exercised our co-development option for the development of baricitinib in rheumatoid arthritis in 2010. The Phase III  

 5 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 program
of baricitinib in patients with rheumatoid arthritis is ongoing, and in December 2014, we announced with Lilly that the first of the Phase III trials met the primary endpoint.
Baricitinib is also in Phase II trials for patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis and patients with diabetic nephropathy. We have decided not to exercise our co-development option for
psoriasis, and the timeframe for exercising our co-development option for diabetic nephropathy has not yet occurred.  


         We
have a portfolio of wholly-owned JAK1 inhibitors. Our lead JAK1 inhibitor, INCB39110, has completed proof-of-concept studies in patients with psoriasis, rheumatoid arthritis and
myelofibrosis. While the results of the psoriasis and rheumatoid arthritis studies were positive, for strategic reasons, we are pursuing oncologic indications with INCB39110. We believe that selective
JAK1 inhibition has the potential to minimize the myelosuppression associated with JAK2 inhibition, thus potentially enabling the combination of JAK1 selective inhibitors with myelosuppressive
chemotherapy. The clinical program to evaluate INCB39110 in solid tumors includes one ongoing Phase I open-label safety study in combination with gemcitabine and nab-paclitaxel and two blinded
proof-of-concept Phase II trials in non-small cell lung cancer. Both trials are now underway, and both trials are designed with overall survival as the primary endpoint. We have another JAK1
inhibitor, INCB52793, which has recently initiated a Phase I/II trial in advanced malignancies.  

         We
have an oral IDO1 inhibitor, epacadostat (previously INCB24360) which belongs to a new class of agents known as immuno-oncology agents. IDO1 is an enzyme whose increased levels in
multiple solid tumor types are associated with decreased survival. IDO1 inhibition shifts the immune system from an immunosuppressive state to an activated state, allowing the body to mount a more
effective anti-tumor immune response. While preclinical data suggest that IDO1 inhibition can provide anti-tumor effects as monotherapy, based on the significant synergy exhibited in combination with
checkpoint inhibitors as well as emerging clinical data, we believe that the optimal development strategy for our IDO1 inhibitor is in combination with other immuno-oncology therapies. During 2014 we
signed clinical trial agreements with Merck, Genentech, AstraZeneca and Bristol-Myers Squibb to evaluate epacadostat with their respective PD-1 and PD-L1 agents in Phase I/II trials, and all
four of these trials are now in progress. The tumor types under investigation under these agreements include non-small cell lung cancer, metastatic melanoma, head and neck cancer, colorectal cancer,
ovarian cancer, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and pancreatic cancer.  

         We
have recently added two new compounds to our clinical development portfolio. INCB54828 is an FGFR inhibitor that demonstrated potency and selectivity in preclinical studies. The FGFR
family of receptor tyrosine kinases can act as oncogenic drivers in a number of liquid and solid tumor types. INCB54329 is a bromodomain (BRD) inhibitor. BRDs are a family of proteins which play
important roles in mediating gene transcription, most notably by facilitating the expression of oncogenes such as MYC, one of the most frequently dysregulated oncogenes in all human cancer. We plan to
begin clinical trials of INCB54828 and INCB54329 in the first half of this year. We have other orally available small molecule compounds that are in various stages of clinical development, including
two PI3K-delta inhibitors, INCB40093 and INCB50465. INCB40093 is being studied as both monotherapy and in combination with our JAK1 inhibitor, INCB39110, in patients with B-lymphoid malignancies.  


         We
have a number of programs in preclinical development, and we intend to continue our investment in drug discovery to expand our pipeline.  

 6 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Our
current pipeline includes the following compounds:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Target/Drug Compound

 

  
   
 Indication  
   
 Status  
 
 
   ONCOLOGY 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   JAK1 and JAK2 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   JAKAFI(1) 
   
 Myelofibrosis(11)(12) 
   
 FDA Approved—Marketed 
 
 
   JAKAFI(1) 
   
 Polycythemia Vera(13) 
   
 FDA Approved—Marketed 
 
 
   ruxolitinib(1) 
   
 Pancreatic Cancer 
   
 Phase III 
 
 
   ruxolitinib(1) 
   
 Breast Cancer 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
   ruxolitinib(1) 
   
 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
   ruxolitinib(1) 
   
 Colorectal Cancer 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
   JAK1 
   
     
   
     
 
 
   INCB39110 
   
 Advanced Malignancies 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   INCB39110 
   
 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
   INCB39110 
   
 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
   INCB52793 
   
 Advanced malignancies 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   PI3K-delta 
   
     
   
     
 
 
   INCB40093 
   
 B-lymphoid Malignancies 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   INCB50465 
   
 Hematology / Oncology 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   JAK1+PI3K-delta 
   
     
   
     
 
 
   INCB39110+INCB40093 
   
 B-lymphoid Malignancies 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   IDO1 
   
     
   
     
 
 
   epacadostat 
   
 Metastatic Melanoma 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
   epacadostat(2) 
   
 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   epacadostat(3) 
   
 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   epacadostat(4) 
   
 Multiple tumor types 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   epacadostat(5) 
   
 Multiple tumor types 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   c-MET 
   
     
   
     
 
 
   capmatinib(6) 
   
 Solid Tumors 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   capmatinib(6) 
   
 Hepatocellular Carcinoma 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
   capmatinib(6) 
   
 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
   FGFR 
   
     
   
     
 
 
   INCB54828(7) 
   
 Solid Tumors 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   BRD 
   
     
   
     
 
 
   INCB54329(7) 
   
 Hematology / Oncology 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   INFLAMMATION 
   
     
   
     
 
 
   JAK1 and JAK2 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   baricitinib(8) 
   
 Rheumatoid Arthritis 
   
 Phase III 
 
 
   baricitinib(9) 
   
 Psoriasis 
   
 Phase IIb 
 
 
   baricitinib(10) 
   
 Diabetic Nephropathy 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) We
licensed rights outside the United States to Novartis and retained U.S. rights.
 (2) In
combination with Merck's anti-PD-1 immunotherapy, Keytruda (pembrolizumab).
 (3) In
combination with Genentech's anti-PD-L1 immunotherapy, MPDL3280A.
 (4) In
combination with AstraZeneca's anti-PD-L1 immunotherapy, MEDI4736.
 (5) In
combination with Bristol-Myers-Squibb's anti-PD-1 immunotherapy, Opdivo (nivolumab).  
  
  7 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
  
 (6) We
licensed worldwide rights to Novartis and retained co-development and co-promotion options.
 (7) Clinical
trial not yet initiated.
 (8) We
licensed worldwide rights to Lilly, have elected to co-develop with Lilly, and retained a co-promotion option.
 (9) We
licensed worldwide rights to Lilly and retained a co-promotion option.
 (10) We
licensed worldwide rights to Lilly and retained co-development and co-promotion options.
 (11) Several
clinical trials in patients with myelofibrosis are ongoing, including long-term extension studies, alternative dosing studies, joint global trials
with Novartis and trials in patients with low platelet counts.
 (12) JAKAFI
is approved for treatment of people with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis (MF), including primary MF, post—polycythemia vera MF,
and post—essential thrombocythemia MF.
 (13) JAKAFI
is approved for treatment of people with polycythemia vera (PV) who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea.  
  
    
     


 


JAKAFI          

         JAKAFI became commercially available in the United States in November 2011 for the treatment of patients with intermediate or high-risk
MF and in December 2014 for the treatment of patients with PV who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea, which we refer to as uncontrolled PV. JAKAFI is marketed in the
United States through our own specialty sales force and commercial team.  

         To
help ensure that all eligible MF and PV patients have access to JAKAFI, we have established a patient assistance program called IncyteCARES (CARES stands for Connecting to Access,
Reimbursement, Education and Support). IncyteCARES helps ensure that any patient with intermediate or high-risk MF or uncontrolled PV who meets certain eligibility criteria and is prescribed JAKAFI
has access to the product regardless of ability to pay and has access to ongoing support and educational resources during treatment. In addition, IncyteCARES works closely with payers to help
facilitate insurance coverage of JAKAFI.  

         JAKAFI
is distributed primarily through a network of specialty pharmacy providers and group purchasing organizations that allow for efficient delivery of the medication by mail directly
to patients or direct delivery to the patient's pharmacy of choice. Our distribution process uses a model that is well-established and familiar to physicians who practice within the oncology field.  

         To
further support appropriate use and future development of JAKAFI, our Medical Affairs department is responsible for providing appropriate scientific and medical education and
information to physicians, preparing scientific presentations and publications, and overseeing the process for supporting investigator sponsored trials.  


         Novartis
received approval for JAKAVI in the European Union and Canada in the second half of 2012 for the treatment of disease-related splenomegaly or symptoms in adult patients with
primary MF, post-polycythemia vera MF or post-essential thrombocythemia MF. JAKAVI is approved for MF in more than 70 countries with additional worldwide regulatory filings underway for both MF and
PV.  

          Myelofibrosis.     Myelofibrosis is a rare, life-threatening condition. MF, considered the most serious of the myeloproliferative neoplasms,
 can occur
either as primary MF, or as secondary MF that develops in some patients who previously had polycythemia vera or essential thrombocythemia.  


         Most
MF patients have enlarged spleens and many suffer from debilitating symptoms, including abdominal discomfort, pruritus (itching), night sweats and cachexia (involuntary weight
loss). There were no therapies for MF until the approval of JAKAFI.  

 8 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
FDA approval was based on results from two randomized Phase III trials (COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II), which demonstrated that patients treated with JAKAFI experienced significant
reductions in splenomegaly (enlarged spleen). COMFORT-I also demonstrated improvements in symptoms. The most common hematologic adverse reactions in both trials were thrombocytopenia and anemia. These
events rarely led to discontinuation of JAKAFI treatment. The most common non-hematologic adverse reactions were bruising, dizziness and headache.  

         In
August 2014, the FDA approved supplemental labeling for JAKAFI to include Kaplan-Meier overall survival curves as well as additional safety and dosing information. The overall
survival information is based on three-year data from COMFORT-I and II, and shows that at three years the probability of survival for patients treated with JAKAFI in COMFORT-I was 70% and for those
patients originally randomized to placebo it was 61%. In COMFORT-II, at three years the probability of survival for patients treated with Jakafi was 79% and for patients originally randomized to best
available therapy it was 59%.  

          Polycythemia Vera.     PV is a myeloproliferative neoplasm typically characterized by elevated hematocrit, the volume percentage of red
blood cells in
whole blood, which can lead to a thickening of the blood and an increased risk of blood clots, as well as an elevated white blood cell and platelet count. When phlebotomy can no longer control PV,
chemotherapy such as hydroxyurea, or interferon, is utilized. Approximately 25,000 patients with PV in the United States are considered uncontrolled because they have an inadequate response to or are
intolerant of hydroxyurea, the most commonly used chemotherapeutic agent for the treatment of PV.  

         In
December 2014, the FDA approved JAKAFI for the treatment of patients with PV who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea. The approval of JAKAFI for PV was
based on data from the pivotal Phase III RESPONSE trial. In this trial, patients treated with JAKAFI demonstrated superior hematocrit control and reductions in spleen volume compared to best
available therapy. In addition, a greater proportion of patients treated with JAKAFI achieved complete hematologic remission—which was defined as achieving hematocrit control, and lowering
platelet and white blood cell counts. In the RESPONSE trial, the most common hematologic adverse reactions (incidence > 20%) were thrombocytopenia and anemia. The most common non-hematologic adverse
events (incidence >10%) were headache, abdominal pain, diarrhea, dizziness, fatigue, pruritus, dyspnea and muscle spasms.  

   
     


 


Clinical Programs          

 


 


JAK1/JAK2 Programs for Oncology and Inflammation   

          Pancreatic Cancer.     Pancreatic cancer is a disease in which malignant cells are found in the tissues of the pancreas. Full results from
the
Phase II proof-of-concept RECAP trial, which compared ruxolitinib in combination with capecitabine versus capecitabine alone in patients with refractory metastatic pancreatic cancer, were
presented in June 2014 and suggest a demonstrable survival benefit in a pre-specified subgroup of patients with elevated CRP. In this subgroup, results showed a hazard ratio for overall survival of
0.47, which means the risk of death was reduced by approximately 50 percent for those patients treated with ruxolitinib. The subgroup represented approximately half of the randomized population
in this trial.  

         The
Company and the FDA have agreed on an SPA for a registration trial for advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer. Under the SPA, the Phase III JANUS 1 trial can be limited to
patients with elevated CRP and there is no requirement to develop a companion diagnostic. The global Phase III program includes a second nearly identical Phase III trial, JANUS 2. Both
JANUS trials are now recruiting patients.  

         Solid Tumors.     Elevated CRP has negative prognostic significance in many tumor types, and we believe that JAK inhibition may represent a
new treatment
approach for other solid tumors. In the first half of 2014, we initiated three blinded Phase II proof-of-concept trials evaluating ruxolitinib in non-small cell lung cancer, breast cancer and
colon cancer. The primary endpoint for each trial is overall survival.  

 9 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

          Rheumatoid Arthritis.     Rheumatoid arthritis is an autoimmune disease characterized by aberrant or abnormal immune mechanisms that lead
to joint
inflammation and swelling and, in some patients, the progressive destruction of joints. Rheumatoid arthritis can also affect connective tissue in the skin and organs of the body.  


         Current
rheumatoid arthritis treatments include the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs, such as methotrexate, and the newer biological
response modifiers that target pro-inflammatory cytokines, such as tumor necrosis factor, implicated in the pathogenesis of rheumatoid arthritis. None of these approaches to treatment is curative;
therefore, there remains an unmet need for new safe and effective treatment options for these patients. Rheumatoid arthritis is estimated to affect about 1 percent of the world population.  

         We
have a second JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitor, baricitinib, which is subject to our collaboration agreement with Lilly. The Phase III program of baricitinib in patients with rheumatoid
arthritis began in October 2012 and currently includes four trials that are expected to each recruit between 500 and 1,300 patients. The four trials incorporate all three rheumatoid arthritis
populations (methotrexate naïve, biologic naïve, and biologic experienced); use event rates to fully power the baricitinib program for structural comparison and
non-inferiority vs. adalimumab; incorporate an MRI sub-study into the methotrexate naïve registration trial; and evaluate patient-reported outcomes. In December 2014, we and Lilly
announced that the Phase III RA-BEACON study met the primary endpoint of improved ACR20 response compared to placebo after 12 weeks of treatment. The study included patients with
moderately-to-severely active rheumatoid arthritis who previously failed one or more tumor necrosis factor inhibitors and who were taking stable doses of conventional disease-modifying anti-rheumatic
drug therapy. We expect to disclose with Lilly results from the remaining three Phase III studies in 2015. We have exercised our co-development option in rheumatoid arthritis to fund
30 percent of development costs from Phase IIb through regulatory approval in exchange for increased tiered royalties ranging up to the high twenties on potential future sales.  

          Psoriasis.     Baricitinib is also being developed in psoriasis. Psoriasis is a skin disease that causes visible scaling and inflammation.
Most psoriasis
patients have patches of thick, red skin with silvery scales that can occur on the elbows, knees, other parts of the legs, scalp, lower back, face, palms, and soles of the feet. Market research
suggests that neither physicians nor patients are satisfied with existing psoriasis treatments primarily because these require constant monitoring to balance safety and efficacy outcomes. There is
clear unmet need for a better tolerated and effective treatment. The U.S. psoriasis market consists of approximately six million patients, of which moderate-to-severe patients account for
approximately 20 percent of the market.  

         In
December 2011, Lilly initiated a Phase IIb double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging trial designed to evaluate baricitinib in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque
psoriasis. The trial is fully enrolled with approximately 240 patients randomized in several dose groups. The primary objective of this study is to demonstrate that at least one dose group is superior
to placebo at week 12 in the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis as measured by the proportion of patients with at least a 75 percent improvement from baseline in Psoriasis
Area and Severity Index (PASI) score. We have decided not to exercise our co-development option for this indication, although we retain a co-promotion option.  

          Diabetic Nephropathy.     In August 2012, Lilly initiated a Phase II trial to evaluate baricitinib in patients with diabetic
nephropathy. Data
suggest that ongoing renal inflammation plays a key role in diabetic nephropathy, and biopsies from the kidneys of early- and late-stage diabetic kidney disease patients suggest that over-activation
of the JAK/STAT pathway leads to increased levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines. Therefore, inhibiting cytokine pathways dependent on JAK1 and JAK2 may lead to positive clinical outcomes in diabetic
nephropathy.  

         In
this dose-ranging placebo-controlled Phase II trial, the primary endpoint was the change from baseline in the urinary albumin/creatinine ratio at 24 weeks. We retain
co-development and co-promotion options for this indication.  

 10 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 



 
 

 

 Table of Contents   

 



 


JAK1 Programs for Oncology   

         We believe that selective JAK1 inhibition has the potential to minimize the myelosuppression associated with JAK2 inhibition, thus
potentially enabling the combination of JAK1 selective inhibitors with myelosuppressive chemotherapy. We have a wholly owned portfolio of JAK1 inhibitors, and we are pursuing oncologic indications
with our lead JAK1 inhibitor, INCB39110. We have completed a Phase I clinical trial to evaluate the safety and tolerability of INCB39110 in combination with chemotherapy in patients with
advanced solid tumors, and have initiated two planned placebo-controlled proof-of-concept Phase II trials of INCB39110 in distinct chemotherapeutic regimens in patients with non-small cell lung
cancer. We plan to begin a first line pancreatic cancer study of INCB39110 in combination with gemcitabine and nab-paclitaxel in the second half of 2015.  

         We
have another JAK1 inhibitor, INCB52793, which has recently initiated a Phase I/II trial in advanced malignancies.  

 


 


IDO1 for Oncology   

         The enzyme, indoleamine 2, 3-dioxygenase-1, IDO1, is a key regulator of the mechanisms that are responsible for allowing tumors to
escape from a patient's immune surveillance. IDO1 expression by tumor cells, or by antigen presenting cells such as macrophages and dendritic cells in tumors, creates an environment in which tumor
specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes are rendered functionally inactive or are no longer able to attack a patient's cancer cells. By inhibiting IDO1, it is proposed that this "brake" on the anti-tumor
immune response is removed, allowing anti-tumor specific cytotoxic T cells, generated in a patient spontaneously in response to the tumor, or through a therapy designed to stimulate the immune
response, to have greater anti-tumor efficacy.  

         Epacadostat
is a novel, potent and selective inhibitor of the enzyme IDO1. We believe that the optimal development strategy for epacadostat is for the compound to be developed in
combination with other immuno-oncology agents. We have four clinical trial agreements in place to evaluate the safety and efficacy of epacadostat in combination with four different checkpoint
inhibitors: Merck's anti-PD-1 inhibitor Keytruda (pembrolizumab); AstraZeneca's investigational anti-PD-L1 inhibitor, MEDI4736; Bristol-Myers Squibb's anti-PD-1 inhibitor Opdivo (nivolumab); and
Genentech's investigational anti-PD-L1 inhibitor, MPDL3280A. These four agreements are non-exclusive and involve multiple tumor types, including non-small cell lung, melanoma, ovarian, colorectal,
squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck, pancreatic and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, and the Phase I/II trials under these agreements have been initiated.  

 


 


PI3K-delta Inhibition for Hematology/Oncology   

         The PI3K-delta pathway mediates oncogenic signaling in B cell malignancies, and we have two PI3K-delta inhibitors in clinical
development, INCB40093 and INCB50465. We believe each of these compounds provides an opportunity to differentiate competitor agents on potency, pharmacokinetics and safety, thereby potentially
providing more attractive combination opportunities.  

         INCB50465,
a PI3K-delta inhibitor that demonstrated high potency in preclinical studies, has now entered Phase I development as monotherapy, and INCB40093, our first PI3K-delta
inhibitor, is advancing in both monotherapy and combination (with our JAK1 selective inhibitor INCB39110)
proof-of-concept trials in B-cell malignancies. In-house preclinical studies have demonstrated that the JAK1 and PI3K-delta signaling pathways play inter-related functions in maintaining the growth
and survival of B-lymphoid cells, and the data suggest that concurrent inhibition of the two pathways may achieve synergistic cellular efficacy.  

 11 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


c-MET for Solid Tumors   

         c-MET is a clinically validated receptor kinase cancer target. Abnormal c-MET activation in cancer correlates with poor prognosis.
Dysregulation of the c-MET pathway triggers tumor growth, formation of new blood vessels that supply the tumor with nutrients, and causes cancer to spread to other organs. Dysregulation of the c-MET
pathway is seen in many types of cancers, including kidney, liver, stomach, breast and brain.  

         Several
small molecule c-MET kinase inhibitors have demonstrated clinical efficacy in a number of cancers; however, these molecules have limited potency and are relatively non-selective,
which could lead to off-target toxicities. We believe our lead c-MET inhibitor, capmatinib, which is licensed to Novartis, has the requisite properties to overcome these limitations, including greater
selectivity, improved potency and more effective inhibition of c-MET. Under our agreement, Novartis received worldwide exclusive development and commercialization rights to capmatinib and certain
back-up compounds in all indications. Capmatinib is being evaluated in hepatocellular carcinoma, non-small cell lung cancer, and other solid tumors and may have potential utility as a combination
agent.  

 


 


Early Stage Clinical / Discovery   

         We have recently added two new compounds to our clinical development portfolio. INCB54828 is an FGFR inhibitor that demonstrated
potency and selectivity in preclinical studies. The FGFR family of receptor tyrosine kinases can act as oncogenic drivers in a number of liquid and solid tumor types. We plan to begin clinical trials
of INCB54828 in the first half of 2015. INCB54329 is a BRD inhibitor. BRDs are a family of proteins which play important roles in mediating gene transcription, most notably by facilitating the
expression of oncogenes such as MYC, one of the
most frequently dysregulated oncogenes in all human cancer. We plan to begin clinical trials of INCB54329 in the first half of 2015.  

         We
have a number of other early programs at various stages of preclinical and clinical testing. We intend to describe these programs once we have obtained clinical proof-of-concept and
established that a compound within a specific program warrants further development.  


   
     


 


License Agreements          

 


 


Novartis   

         In November 2009, we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with Novartis. Under the terms of the agreement, Novartis
received exclusive development and commercialization rights outside of the United States to ruxolitinib and certain back-up compounds for hematologic and oncology indications, including all
hematological malignancies, solid tumors and myeloproliferative diseases. We retained exclusive development and commercialization rights to JAKAFI (ruxolitinib) in the United States and in certain
other indications. Novartis also received worldwide exclusive development and commercialization rights to our c-MET inhibitor compound capmatinib and certain back-up compounds in all indications. We
retained options to co-develop and to co-promote capmatinib in the United States.  

         Under
this agreement, we received an upfront payment and immediate milestone payment totaling $210 million and were initially eligible to receive additional payments of up to
approximately $1.2 billion if defined development and commercialization milestones are achieved. We are also eligible to receive tiered, double-digit royalties ranging from the upper-teens to
the mid-twenties on future ruxolitinib net sales outside of the United States. In addition, Novartis has received reimbursement and pricing approval for ruxolitinib in a specified number of countries,
and we are now obligated to pay to Novartis tiered royalties in the low single digits on future ruxolitinib net sales within the United States. Each company is responsible for costs relating to the
development and commercialization of ruxolitinib in its respective territories, with costs of collaborative studies shared equally. Novartis is now responsible for all costs relating to the
development and commercialization of capmatinib.  

 12 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
Novartis agreement will continue on a program-by-program basis until Novartis has no royalty payment obligations with respect to such program or, if earlier, the termination of the
agreement or any program in accordance with the terms of the agreement. Royalties are payable by Novartis on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis until the latest to occur of
(1) the expiration of the last valid claim of the licensed patent rights covering the licensed product in the relevant country, (2) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity for the
licensed product in such country and (3) a specified period from first commercial sale in such country of the licensed product by Novartis or its affiliates or sublicensees. The agreement may
be terminated in its entirety or on a program-by-program basis by Novartis for convenience. The agreement may also be terminated by either party under certain other circumstances, including material
breach.  

 


 


Lilly   

         In December 2009, we entered into a License, Development and Commercialization Agreement with Lilly. Under the terms of the agreement,
Lilly received exclusive worldwide development and commercialization rights to baricitinib and certain back-up compounds for inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. We received an initial payment of
$90 million, and were initially eligible to receive additional payments of up to $665 million based on the achievement of defined development, regulatory and commercialization
milestones. We also could receive tiered, double-digit royalty payments on future global net sales with rates ranging up to 20% if the product is successfully commercialized.  

         We
retained options to co-develop our JAK1/JAK2 inhibitors with Lilly on a compound-by-compound and indication-by-indication basis. Lilly is responsible for all costs relating to the
development and commercialization of the compounds unless we elect to co-develop any compounds or indications. If we elect to co-develop any compounds and/or indications, we would be responsible for
funding 30% of the associated future global development costs from the initiation of a Phase IIb trial through regulatory approval. We would receive an incremental royalty rate increase across
all tiers resulting in effective royalty rates ranging up to the high twenties on potential future global net sales for compounds and/or indications that we elect to co-develop. We also retained an
option to co-promote products in the United States.  

         In
July 2010, we elected to co-develop baricitinib with Lilly in rheumatoid arthritis and we are responsible for funding 30% of the associated future global development costs for this
indication from the initiation of the Phase IIb trial through regulatory approval. Baricitinib is also being developed in
psoriasis and diabetic nephropathy. We have decided not to exercise our co-development option for psoriasis.  


         The
Lilly agreement will continue until Lilly no longer has any royalty payment obligations or, if earlier, the termination of the agreement in accordance with its terms. Royalties are
payable by Lilly on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis until the latest to occur of (1) the expiration of the last valid claim of the licensed patent rights covering the licensed
product in the relevant country, (2) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity for the licensed product in such country and (3) a specified period from first commercial sale in such
country of the licensed product by Lilly or its affiliates or sublicensees. The agreement may be terminated by Lilly for convenience, and may also be terminated under certain other circumstances,
including material breach.  

 


 


Agenus   

         In January 2015, we entered into a License, Development and Commercialization Agreement with Agenus Inc. and its wholly-owned
subsidiary, 4-Antibody AG, which we collectively refer to as Agenus. Under this agreement, the parties have agreed to collaborate on the discovery of novel immuno-therapeutics using Agenus'
proprietary Retrocyte Display antibody discovery platform. The effectiveness of the agreement is conditioned on the expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements
Act of 1976 (HSR Act).  

 13 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Under
the terms of this agreement, we received exclusive worldwide development and commercialization rights to four checkpoint modulators directed against GITR, OX40, LAG-3 and TIM-3. In
addition to the initial four program targets, we and Agenus have the option to jointly nominate and pursue additional targets within the framework of the collaboration. These targets may be designated
profit-share programs, where all costs and profits are shared equally by us and Agenus, or royalty-bearing programs, where we will be responsible for all costs associated with discovery, preclinical
activities, clinical development and commercialization activities. The programs relating to GITR and OX40 are profit-share programs and the programs relating to LAG-3 and TIM-3 are royalty-bearing
programs. All costs related to the collaboration are subject to a joint research plan. We agreed to pay Agenus upfront non-refundable payments totaling $25 million. For each royalty-bearing
product, Agenus will be eligible to receive up to $155 million in future contingent development, regulatory and commercialization milestones as well as tiered royalties on global net sales
ranging from 6% to 12%. For each profit-share product, Agenus will be eligible to receive up to $20 million in future contingent development milestones. Additionally, Agenus retains
co-promotion participation rights in the United States on any profit-share product. For each royalty-bearing product, Agenus has reserved the right to elect to co-fund 30% of development costs for a
commensurate increase in royalties. The
agreement may be terminated by us for convenience and may also be terminated under certain other circumstances, including material breach. We have agreed to certain standstill provisions that allow us
to acquire up to 15% of Agenus Inc.'s outstanding voting stock, including shares acquired pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement described below, solely for investment purposes.  

         We
also entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Agenus Inc., pursuant to which we agreed to purchase, subject to expiration of the waiting period under the HSR Act,
approximately 7.76 million shares of Agenus Inc. common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $35 million in cash, or approximately $4.51 per share. We will own approximately
11% of the outstanding shares of Agenus Inc.'s common stock after such purchase. We have agreed not to dispose of any of the shares of common stock for a period of 12 months and
Agenus Inc. has agreed to certain registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock.  

 


 


Pfizer   

         In January 2006, we entered into a Collaborative Research and License Agreement with Pfizer Inc. for the pursuit of our CCR2
antagonist program. Pfizer gained worldwide development and commercialization rights to our portfolio of CCR2 antagonist compounds. Pfizer's rights extend to the full scope of potential indications,
with the exception of multiple sclerosis and autoimmune nephritides, where we retained worldwide rights, along with certain compounds. We do not have obligations to Pfizer on pre-clinical development
candidates we select for pursuit in these indications. The agreement will terminate upon the expiration of the last to expire of patent rights licensed under the agreement. Prior to such expiration,
either party can terminate the agreement for the uncured material breach of the agreement by the other party or for the insolvency of the other party. In addition, Pfizer may terminate the agreement
at any time upon 90 days' notice. We received an upfront nonrefundable, non-creditable payment of $40 million in January 2006 and are eligible to receive additional future development
and commercialization milestone payments.  

   
     


 


Incyte's Approach to Drug Discovery and Development          

         Our productivity in drug discovery and development is primarily a result of our core competency in medicinal chemistry which is tightly
integrated with, and supported by, an experienced team of biologists with expertise in multiple therapeutic areas. We have also built a clinical development and regulatory team. This team utilizes
clinical research organizations (CROs), expert scientific advisory boards, and leading consultants and suppliers in relevant drug development areas in an effort to conduct our clinical trials  

 14 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 efficiently
and effectively, while maintaining strategic control of the design and management of our programs.  

         To
succeed in our objective to create a pipeline of novel therapeutics that address serious unmet medical needs, we have established a broad range of discovery capabilities in-house,
including target validation, high-throughput screening, medicinal chemistry, computational chemistry, and pharmacological and ADME (absorption, distribution, metabolism and excretion) assessment. We
augment these capabilities through collaborations with academic and contract laboratory resources with relevant expertise.  

         Given
our chemistry-driven discovery process, our pipeline has grown and is focused primarily in the area of oncology. We conduct a limited number of discovery programs in parallel at
any one time. This focus allows us to allocate resources to our selected programs at a level that we believe is competitive with larger pharmaceutical companies. We believe this level of resource
allocation, applied to the discovery process outlined above, has been a critical competitive advantage in advancing our product pipeline.  


         Once
our compounds reach clinical development, our objective, whenever possible, is to rapidly progress the lead candidate into a proof-of-concept Phase II clinical trial to
quickly assess the therapeutic potential of the clinical candidate itself and its underlying mechanism. This information is then used to evaluate the commercial potential of the compound, the most
appropriate indication or indications to pursue, and whether to pursue any development on our own or seek a strategic relationship for the compound.  

         Our
development teams are responsible for ensuring that our clinical candidates are expeditiously progressed from preclinical development and IND-enabling studies into human testing. Our
development teams include employees with expertise in drug development, including clinical trial design, statistics, regulatory affairs, medical affairs, pharmacovigilance and project management. We
have also built core internal process chemistry and formulation teams using this same strategy. Rather than build extensive infrastructure, we work with contract manufacturers with expertise in
process chemistry, product formulation, and the manufacture of clinical trial supplies to support our drug development efforts. In addition, we use external CROs for later stage clinical trials.  

   
     



 


Incyte's Commercial Strategy          

         Our strategy is to develop and commercialize our compounds on our own in selected markets when we believe a company of our size can
successfully compete, such as in myelofibrosis, polycythemia vera, and other oncology indications. In November 2011, we received regulatory approval of JAKAFI (ruxolitinib) in the United States for
the treatment of intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis. Since that time, we have focused on increasing utilization of JAKAFI in this patient population. In December 2014, JAKAFI was approved for the
treatment of patients with polycythemia vera who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea. JAKAFI is the only FDA-approved product to treat these two diseases. JAKAFI is
distributed primarily through a limited network of specialty pharmacy providers and group purchasing organizations. We have expanded the marketing, medical, sales and operational infrastructure to
support continued commercialization of JAKAFI in its two indications and to prepare for potential future indications of JAKAFI and other products in the United States.  

         For
rights to ruxolitinib outside the United States as well as for pipeline compounds that are outside of our core expertise, would require expensive clinical studies, or could be used
in combination with other compounds or biologics, we have established or may in the future establish collaborations or strategic relationships to support development and commercialization, such as our
collaborations with Novartis and Lilly for our JAK inhibitors. We believe the key benefits to entering into strategic relationships include the potential to receive upfront payments and future
milestones and royalties in exchange for certain rights to our compounds, as well as the potential to expedite the development and commercialization of certain of our compounds.  

 15 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


   
     


 


Patents and Other Intellectual Property          

         We regard the protection of patents and other enforceable intellectual property rights that we own or license as critical to our
business and competitive position. Accordingly, we rely on patent, trade secret and copyright law, as well as nondisclosure and other contractual arrangements, to protect our intellectual property. We
have established a patent portfolio of patents
and patent applications owned by us that cover aspects of all our drug products and drug candidates. The patents and patent applications relating to our drug products and drug candidates generally
include claims directed to the compounds, methods of using the compounds, formulations of the compounds, pharmaceutical salt forms of the compounds, and methods of manufacturing the compounds. Our
policy is to pursue patent applications on inventions and discoveries that we believe are commercially important to the development and growth of our business. The following table sets forth the
status of the patents and patent applications in the United States, the European Union, and Japan, covering our drug products and drug candidates in key programs that have progressed into at least
Phase II clinical trials:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Drug/Drug Candidate (Target)

 

  
   
 Status of United States Patent Estate 
(Earliest Anticipated Expirations, 
Subject to Potential Extensions 
and Payment of Maintenance Fees)  
   
 Status of European Union 
and Japan Patent Estate 
(Earliest Anticipated Expirations, 
Subject to Potential Extensions 
and Payment of Maintenance Fees)  
 
 
   ruxolitinib (JAK) 
   
 Granted and pending (2026) 
   
 Granted and pending (2026) 
 
 
   baricitinib (JAK) 
   
 Granted and pending (2029) 
   
 Granted and pending (2029) 
 
 
   epacadostat (IDO) 
   
 Granted and pending (2029) 
   
 Granted and pending (2029) 
 
 
   INCB39110 (JAK) 
   
 Granted and pending (2031) 
   
 Applications pending (2031) 
 
 
   capmatinib (cMET) 
   
 Granted and pending (2027) 
   
 Granted and pending (2027) 
 
 
 
  
          Patents
extend for varying periods according to the date of patent filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. The actual
protection afforded by a patent, which can vary from country to country, depends on the type of patent, the scope of its coverage and the availability of legal remedies in the country.  


         We
may seek to license rights relating to technologies in connection with our drug discovery and development programs. Under these licenses, we may be required to pay up-front fees,
license fees, milestone payments and royalties on sales of future products.  

         Although
we believe our rights under patents and patent applications provide a competitive advantage, the patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies are highly
uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. We may not be able to develop patentable products or processes, and may not be able to obtain patents in the United States or elsewhere from
pending applications. Even if patent claims are allowed, the claims may not issue, or in the event of issuance, may not be valid or enforceable or may not be sufficient to protect the technology owned
by or licensed to us or provide us with a competitive advantage. Any patent or other intellectual property rights that we own or obtain may be circumvented, challenged or invalidated by our
competitors. Others may have patents that relate to our business or technology and that may prevent us from marketing our drug candidates unless we are able to obtain a license to those patents. In
addition, litigation or other proceedings may be necessary to defend against claims of infringement, to enforce patents, to protect our other intellectual property rights, to determine the scope and
validity of the proprietary rights of third parties or to defend ourselves in patent or other intellectual property right suits brought by third parties. We could incur substantial costs in such
litigation or other proceedings. An adverse outcome in any such litigation or proceeding could subject us to significant liability.  


         With
respect to proprietary information that is not patentable, and for inventions for which patents are difficult to enforce, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality
agreements to protect our interests. While we require all employees, consultants and potential business partners to enter into confidentiality agreements, we may not be able to adequately protect our
trade secrets or other proprietary  

 16 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 information.
Others may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets.  

   
     


 


Competition          

         Our drug discovery, development and commercialization activities face, and will continue to face, intense competition from
organizations such as pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as academic and research institutions and government agencies. We
face significant competition from organizations, particularly fully integrated pharmaceutical companies, that are pursuing pharmaceuticals that are competitive with JAKAFI and our drug candidates.  

         Many
companies and institutions, either alone or together with their collaborative partners, have substantially greater financial resources, larger drug discovery, development and
commercial staffs and significantly greater experience than we do in: 

 
 
 •  drug discovery;  
 •  developing products;  
 •  undertaking preclinical testing and clinical trials;  
 •  obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of products; and  
 •  manufacturing, marketing, distributing and selling products.  
 

         Accordingly,
our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection, receiving FDA and other regulatory approval or commercializing products that compete with JAKAFI or our drug
candidates.  

         In
addition, any drug candidate that we successfully develop may compete with existing therapies that have long histories of safe and effective use. Competition may also arise
from: 

 
 
 •  other drug development technologies and methods of preventing or reducing the incidence of disease;    
 •  new small molecules; or  
 •  other classes of therapeutic agents.  
 

         We
face and will continue to face intense competition from other companies for collaborative arrangements with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, for establishing relationships
with academic and research institutions and for licenses to drug candidates or proprietary technology. These competitors, either alone or with their collaborative partners, may succeed in developing
products that are more effective than ours.  

         Our
ability to compete successfully will depend, in part, on our ability to: 

 
 
 •  develop proprietary products;  
 •  develop and maintain products that reach the market first, are technologically superior to and/or are of lower cost than other
products in the market;  
 •  attract and retain scientific, product development and sales and marketing personnel;    
 •  obtain patent or other proprietary protection for our products and technologies;  
 •  obtain required regulatory approvals; and  
 •  manufacture, market, distribute and sell any products that we develop.  
 

         In
a number of countries, including in particular, developing countries, government officials and other groups have suggested that pharmaceutical companies should make drugs available at
a low cost. In some  

 17 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 cases,
governmental authorities have indicated that where pharmaceutical companies do not do so, their patents might not be enforceable to prevent generic competition. Some major pharmaceutical
companies have greatly reduced prices for their drugs in certain developing countries. If certain countries do not permit enforcement of any of our patents, sales of our products in those countries,
and in other countries by importation from low-price countries, could be reduced by generic competition or by parallel importation of our product. Alternatively, governments in those countries could
require that we grant compulsory licenses to allow competitors to manufacture and sell their own versions of our products in those countries, thereby reducing our product sales, or we could respond to
governmental concerns by reducing prices for our products. In all of these situations, our results of operations could be adversely affected.  

   
     


 


Government Regulation          

         Our ongoing research and development activities and any manufacturing and marketing of JAKAFI and our drug candidates are subject to
extensive regulation by numerous governmental authorities in the United States and other countries. Before marketing in the United States, any drug developed by us must undergo rigorous preclinical
testing and clinical trials and an extensive regulatory clearance process implemented by the FDA under the United States Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and its implementing regulations and, in the case
of biologics, the Public Health Service Act. The FDA regulates, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, record-keeping, labeling, storage, approval,
advertising, promotion, sale and distribution and import and export, of these products.  

 

 



 


FDA Review and Approval Process   

 

         The regulatory review and approval process is lengthy, expensive and uncertain. The steps generally required before a drug may be
marketed in the United States include: 

 
 
 •  preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in compliance with the FDA's Good Laboratory Practice and Good
Manufacturing Practice regulations;  
 •  submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug application (IND) for human clinical testing, which must become effective before
human clinical trials may commence;  
 •  performance of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials in three phases, as described below, to establish the safety and efficacy
of the drug for each indication;  
 •  submission of a New Drug Application (NDA) or Biologics License Application (BLA) to the FDA for review;    
 •  random inspections of clinical sites to ensure validity of clinical safety and efficacy data;    
 •  satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the drug is produced to assess
compliance with current good manufacturing practices;  
 •  FDA approval of the NDA or BLA; and  
 •  payment of user and establishment fees, if applicable.  
 

         Similar
requirements exist within foreign agencies as well. The time required to satisfy FDA requirements or similar requirements of foreign regulatory agencies may vary substantially
based on the type, complexity and novelty of the product or the targeted disease.  

         Preclinical
testing includes laboratory evaluation of product pharmacology, drug metabolism, and toxicity which includes animal studies, to assess potential safety and efficacy as well
as product chemistry, stability, formulation, development, and testing. The results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information and analytical data, are submitted to the FDA as
part of an IND. An IND will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time, the FDA raises  

 18 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 safety
concerns or questions about the conduct of the clinical trial(s) included in the IND. In the latter case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding FDA concerns or questions
before clinical trials can proceed. We cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence.  


         Clinical
trials involve the administration of the investigational drug to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators and in accordance with good clinical practices
regulations covering the protection of human subjects. These regulations require all research subjects to provide informed consent. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing the
objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND and each trial
must be reviewed and approved by an institutional review board (IRB) before it can begin.  

         Clinical
trials typically are conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap or be combined. Phase I usually involves the initial introduction of the
investigational drug into healthy volunteers to evaluate its safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion. Phase II usually involves clinical trials in a limited
patient population to evaluate dosage tolerance and optimal dosage, identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, and evaluate and gain preliminary evidence of the efficacy of the drug for
specific indications. Phase III clinical trials usually further evaluate clinical efficacy and safety by testing the drug in its final form in an expanded patient population, providing
statistical evidence of efficacy and safety, and providing an adequate basis for labeling. We cannot guarantee that Phase I, Phase II or Phase III testing will be completed
successfully within any specified period of time, if at all. Furthermore, we, the IRB, or the FDA may suspend clinical trials at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects or
patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk.  

         As
a separate amendment to an IND, a clinical trial sponsor may submit to the FDA a request for a special protocol assessment (SPA). Under the SPA procedure, a sponsor may seek the FDA's
agreement on the design and size of a clinical trial intended to form the primary basis of an effectiveness claim. If the FDA agrees in writing, its agreement may not be changed after the trial
begins, except when agreed by FDA or in limited circumstances, such as when a substantial scientific issue essential to determining the safety and effectiveness of a drug candidate is identified after
a Phase III clinical trial is commenced and agreement is obtained with the FDA. If the outcome of the trial is successful, the sponsor will ordinarily be able to rely on it as the primary basis
for approval with respect to effectiveness. However, additional trials could also be requested by the FDA to support approval, and the FDA may make an approval decision based on a number of factors,
including the degree of clinical benefit as well as safety. The FDA is not obligated to approve an NDA or BLA as a result of an SPA agreement, even if the clinical outcome is positive.  

         Even
after initial FDA approval has been obtained, post-approval trials, or Phase IV studies, may be required to provide additional data, and will be required to obtain approval
for the sale of a product as a treatment for a clinical indication other than that for which the product was initially tested and approved. Also, the FDA will require post-approval safety reporting to
monitor the side effects of the drug. Results of post-approval programs may limit or expand the indication or indications for which the drug product may be marketed. Further, if there are any requests
for modifications to the initial FDA approval for the drug, including changes in indication, manufacturing process, manufacturing facilities, or labeling, a supplemental NDA or BLA may be required to
be submitted to the FDA.  


         The
length of time and related costs necessary to complete clinical trials varies significantly and may be difficult to predict. Clinical results are frequently susceptible to varying
interpretations that may delay,  

 19 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 limit
or prevent regulatory approvals. Additional factors that can cause delay or termination of our clinical trials, or cause the costs of these clinical trials to increase,
include: 

 
 
 •  slow patient enrollment due to the nature of the protocol, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for
the study, competition with clinical trials for other drug candidates or other factors;  
 •  inadequately trained or insufficient personnel at the study site to assist in overseeing and monitoring clinical trials;    
 •  delays in approvals from a study site's IRB;  
 •  longer than anticipated treatment time required to demonstrate effectiveness or determine the appropriate product dose;    
 •  lack of sufficient supplies of the drug candidate for use in clinical trials;  
 •  adverse medical events or side effects in treated patients; and  
 •  lack of effectiveness of the drug candidate being tested.  
 

         Any
drug is likely to produce some toxicities or undesirable side effects in animals and in humans when administered at sufficiently high doses and/or for sufficiently long periods of
time. Unacceptable toxicities or side effects may occur at any dose level, and at any time in the course of animal studies designed to identify unacceptable effects of a drug candidate, known as
toxicological studies, or in clinical trials of our drug candidates. The appearance of any unacceptable toxicity or side effect could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, limit, delay or
abort the development of any of our drug candidates, and could ultimately prevent their marketing approval by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities for any or all targeted indications.  


         The
FDA's fast track and breakthrough therapy designation programs are intended to facilitate the development and expedite the review of drug candidates intended for the treatment of
serious or life-threatening conditions and that demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for these conditions. Under these programs, FDA can, for example, review portions of an NDA or
BLA for a drug candidate before the entire application is complete, thus potentially beginning the review process at an earlier time.  

         We
cannot guarantee that the FDA will grant any of our requests for fast track or breakthrough therapy designations, that any such designations would affect the time of review or that
the FDA will approve the NDA or BLA submitted for any of our drug candidates, whether or not these designations are granted. Additionally, FDA approval of a fast track/breakthrough product can include
restrictions on the product's use or distribution (such as permitting use only for specified medical conditions or limiting distribution to physicians or facilities with special training or
experience). Approval of such designated products can be conditioned on additional clinical trials after approval.  

         Sponsors
submit the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials to the FDA as part of an NDA or BLA. NDAs and BLAs must also contain extensive product manufacturing information
and proposed labeling. Upon receipt, the FDA initially reviews the NDA or BLA to determine whether it is sufficiently complete to initiate a substantive review. If the FDA identifies deficiencies that
would preclude substantive review, the FDA will refuse to accept the NDA or BLA and will inform the sponsor of the deficiencies that must be corrected prior to resubmission. If the FDA accepts the
submission for review (then deemed a "filing"), the FDA typically completes the NDA or BLA review within a pre-determined time frame. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, the FDA agrees to review
NDAs and BLAs under either a standard review or priority review. FDA procedures provide for priority review of NDAs and BLAs submitted for drugs that, compared to currently marketed products, if any,
offer a significant improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a disease. The FDA seeks to review NDAs and BLAs that are  

 20 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 granted
priority status more quickly than NDAs and BLAs given standard review status. The FDA's stated policy is to act on 90% of priority NDAs and BLAs within eight months of receipt (or six months
after filing, which occurs 60 days after NDA or BLA submission). Although the FDA historically has not met these goals, the agency has made significant improvements in the timeliness of the
review process. NDA and BLA review often extends beyond anticipated completion dates due to FDA requests for additional data or clarification, the FDA's decision to have an advisory committee review,
and difficulties in scheduling an advisory committee meeting. The recommendations of an advisory committee are not binding on the FDA.  

         To
obtain FDA approval to market a product, we must demonstrate that the product is safe and effective for the patient population that will be treated. If regulatory approval of a
product is granted, the approval will be limited to those disease states and conditions for which the product is safe and effective, as demonstrated through clinical trials. Marketing or promoting a
drug for an unapproved indication is prohibited. Furthermore, approval may entail requirements for post-marketing studies or risk evaluation and mitigation strategies, including the need for patient
and/or physician education, patient registries, medication or similar guides, or other restrictions on the distribution of the product. If an NDA or BLA does not satisfy applicable regulatory
criteria, the FDA may deny approval of an NDA or BLA or may issue a complete response, and require, among other things, additional clinical data or analyses.  

         Outside
the United States, our ability to market a product is contingent upon receiving a marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory authorities. The requirements governing
the conduct of clinical trials, marketing authorization, pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. At present, foreign marketing authorizations are applied for at a national
level, although within the European Union (EU) registration procedures are available to companies wishing to market a product in more than one EU member state. If the regulatory authority is satisfied
that adequate evidence of safety, quality and efficacy has been presented, a marketing authorization may be granted. This foreign regulatory approval process involves all of the risks associated with
FDA approval discussed above and may also include additional risks.  

         The
Orphan Drug Act provides incentives to manufacturers to develop and market drugs for rare diseases and conditions affecting fewer than 200,000 persons in the United States at the
time of application for orphan drug designation. The first developer to receive FDA marketing approval for an orphan drug is entitled to a seven year exclusive marketing period in the United States
for the orphan drug indication. However, a drug that the FDA considers to be clinically superior to, or different from, another approved orphan drug, even though for the same indication, may also
obtain approval in the United States during the seven year exclusive marketing period.  

         Legislation
similar to the Orphan Drug Act has been enacted in other countries outside of the United States, including the EU. The orphan legislation in the EU is available for therapies
addressing conditions that affect five or fewer out of 10,000 persons, are life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions and for which no satisfactory treatment is authorized. The market
exclusivity period is for ten years, although that period can be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, available evidence establishes that the product does not justify maintenance of
market exclusivity.  

 

 


 


Regulation of Manufacturing Process   

 

         Even when NDA or BLA approval is obtained, a marketed product, such as JAKAFI, its manufacturer and its manufacturing facilities are
subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA. The manufacturing process for pharmaceutical products is highly regulated and regulators may shut down manufacturing facilities that
they believe do not comply with regulations. Discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, manufacturer or facility may result in restrictions on the product, manufacturer or facility,
including costly recalls or withdrawal of the product from the market. Manufacturing facilities are always subject to inspection by the applicable regulatory authorities.  

 21 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 

 Table of Contents   

         We and our third-party manufacturers are subject to current Good Manufacturing Practices, which are extensive regulations governing manufacturing processes,
including but not limited to stability testing, record keeping and quality standards as defined by the FDA and the European Medicines Agency. Similar regulations are in effect in other countries.
Manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection by the applicable regulatory authorities. These facilities, whether our own or our contract manufacturers, must be inspected before we can use them
in commercial manufacturing of our related products. We or our contract manufacturers may not be able to comply with applicable Good Manufacturing Practices and FDA or other regulatory requirements.
If we or our contract manufacturers fail to comply, we or our contract manufacturers may be subject to legal or regulatory action, such as suspension of manufacturing, seizure of product, or voluntary
recall of product. Furthermore, continued compliance with applicable Good Manufacturing Practices will require continual expenditure of time, money and effort on the part of us or our contract
manufacturers in the areas of production and quality control and record keeping and reporting, in order to ensure full compliance.  

 

 


 


Post-Approval Regulation   

 

         Any products manufactured or distributed by us pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA,
including record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences with the drug and other reporting, advertising and promotion restrictions. The FDA's rules for advertising and promotion
require, among other things, that our promotion be fairly balanced and adequately substantiated by clinical studies, and that we not promote our products for unapproved uses. We must also submit
appropriate new and supplemental applications and obtain FDA approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling or manufacturing process. On its own initiative, the FDA may require
changes to the labeling of an approved drug if it becomes aware of new safety information that the agency believes should be included in the approved drug's labeling. The FDA also enforces the
requirements of the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, or PDMA, which, among other things, imposes various requirements in connection with the distribution of product samples to physicians.  


         In
addition to inspections related to manufacturing, we are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and other regulatory bodies related to the other regulatory
requirements that apply to marketed drugs manufactured or distributed by us. The FDA also may conduct periodic inspections regarding our review and reporting of adverse events, or related to
compliance with the requirements of the PDMA concerning the handling of drug samples. When the FDA conducts an inspection, the inspectors will identify any deficiencies they believe exist in the form
of a notice of inspectional observations. The observations may be more or less significant. If we receive a notice of inspectional observations, we likely will be required to respond in writing, and
may be required to undertake corrective and preventive actions in order to address the FDA's concerns.  


         There
are a variety of state laws and regulations that apply in the states or localities where JAKAFI and our drug candidates are or may be marketed. For example, we must comply with
state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of pharmaceutical products in that state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship
products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements on manufacturers and distributors to establish the
pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the
distribution chain. Any applicable state or local regulations may hinder our ability to market, or increase the cost of marketing, our products in those states or localities.  

         The
FDA's policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted which could impose additional burdens or limitations on our ability to market products after approval.
Moreover, increased attention to the containment of health care costs in the United States and in foreign markets could result in new government regulations which could have a material adverse effect
on our business. We  

 22 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 cannot
predict the likelihood, nature or extent of adverse governmental regulation which might arise from future legislative or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad.  

 

 



 


Marketing Exclusivity   

 

         The FDA may grant five years of exclusivity in the United States for the approval of NDAs for new chemical entities, and three years of
exclusivity for supplemental NDAs, for among other things, new indications, dosages or dosage forms of an existing drug if new clinical investigations that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant
are essential to the approval of the supplemental application. Additionally, six months of marketing exclusivity in the United States is available if, in response to a written request from the FDA, a
sponsor submits and the agency accepts requested information relating to the use of the approved drug in the pediatric population. The six month pediatric exclusivity is added to any existing patent
or non-patent exclusivity period for which the drug is eligible. Orphan drug products are also eligible for pediatric exclusivity if the FDA requests and the company completes pediatric clinical
trials. Under the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act, the FDA may grant 12 years of data exclusivity for innovative biological products.  

 

 


 


Health Law Compliance   

 

         In addition to FDA laws and regulations, we must also comply with various federal and state laws pertaining to healthcare "fraud and
abuse" which govern, among other things, our relationships with healthcare providers, and the marketing and pricing of prescription drug products. Among these laws are anti-kickback laws and false
claims laws. Anti-kickback laws make it illegal for a prescription drug manufacturer to solicit, offer, receive, or pay any remuneration in exchange for, or to induce, the referral of business,
including the purchase or prescription of a particular drug. Due to the breadth of the statutory provisions and the absence of guidance in the form of regulations and very few court decisions
addressing industry practices, it is possible that our practices could be challenged under anti-kickback or similar laws. False claims laws prohibit anyone from knowingly and willingly presenting, or
causing to be presented, for payment to third party payors (including Medicare and Medicaid) claims for reimbursed drugs or services that are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services not
provided as claimed, or claims for medically unnecessary items or services. In addition, a number of states require that companies implement compliance programs or comply with industry ethics codes,
adopt spending limits, and report to state governments any gifts,
compensation, and other remuneration provided to physicians. The majority of states also have statutes or regulations similar to the federal anti-kickback law and false claims laws, which apply to
items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payer. Many pharmaceutical and other health care companies have been investigated
and prosecuted for alleged violations of these laws. Sanctions under these federal and state laws may include civil monetary penalties, exclusion of a manufacturer's products from reimbursement under
government programs (including Medicare and Medicaid), criminal fines, and imprisonment. Companies that have chosen to settle these alleged violations have typically paid multi-million dollar fines to
the government and agreed to abide by corporate integrity agreements. Private individuals may bring similar actions.  

         There
are also an increasing number of state laws that require manufacturers to make reports to those states on certain pricing and marketing information. Many of these laws contain
ambiguities as to what is required to comply with the laws. Given the lack of clarity in laws and their implementation, our reporting actions could be subject to the penalty provisions of the state
authorities.  

 

 


 


Healthcare Reform and Reimbursement and Pricing Controls   

 

         There has been an increased focus on drug pricing in recent years in the United States. Although there are no direct government price
controls over private sector purchases in the United States, there are rebates and other financial requirements for federal and state health care programs. The Medicare  

 23 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 Modernization
Act, enacted in December 2003, established the Medicare Part D outpatient prescription drug benefit, which is provided primarily through private entities that attempt to negotiate
price concessions from pharmaceutical manufacturers. The health care reform legislation enacted in 2010, known as the Affordable Care Act, requires drug manufacturers to pay 50% of the Medicare
Part D coverage gap, also known as the "donut hole," on prescriptions for branded products filled when the beneficiary reaches this coverage. The Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 resulted in
changes to the way drug prices are reported to the government and the formula using such information to calculate the required Medicaid rebates. The Affordable Care Act increased the minimum basic
Medicaid rebate for branded prescription drugs from 15.1% to 23.1% and requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay states rebates on prescription drugs dispensed to Medicaid managed care enrollees.
In addition, the Affordable Care Act increased the additional Medicaid rebate on "line extensions" (such as extended release formulations) of solid oral dosage forms of branded products, revised the
definition of average manufacturer price by changing the classes of purchasers included in the calculation, and expanded the entities eligible for discounted pricing under the federal 340B drug
pricing program. Current orphan
drugs are excluded from the expanded 340B hospitals eligible for discounts and the increased rebates to Medicaid on line extension and sustained release formulations.  

         The
Affordable Care Act imposes a significant annual fee on companies that manufacture or import branded prescription drug products. The fee (which is not deductible for federal income
tax purposes) is based on the manufacturer's market share of sales of branded drugs and biologics (excluding orphan drugs) to, or pursuant to coverage under, specified U.S. government programs. The
Affordable Care Act also contains a number of provisions, including provisions governing the way that health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers, enrollment in federal health
care programs, reimbursement changes, the increased use of comparative effectiveness research in health care decision-making, and enhancements to fraud and abuse requirements and enforcement, that are
affecting existing government health care programs and will result in the development of new programs. The Affordable Care Act also contains requirements for manufacturers to publicly report certain
payments or other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals. We are unable to predict the future course of federal or state health care legislation and regulations, including
regulations that will be issued to implement provisions of the Affordable Care Act. The Affordable Care Act and further changes in the law or regulatory framework that reduce our revenues or increase
our costs could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows.  


         Public
and private health care payers control costs and influence drug pricing through a variety of mechanisms, including through negotiating discounts with the manufacturers and through
the use of tiered formularies and other mechanisms that provide preferential access to certain drugs over others within a therapeutic class. Payers also set other criteria to govern the uses of a drug
that will be deemed medically appropriate and therefore reimbursed or otherwise covered. Payers may require physicians to seek approval from them before a product will be reimbursed or covered,
commonly referred to as prior authorization. In particular, many public and private health care payers limit reimbursement and coverage to the uses of a drug that are either approved by the FDA or
appear in a recognized drug compendium. Drug compendia are publications that summarize the available medical evidence for particular drug products and identify which uses of a drug are supported or
not supported by the available evidence, whether or not such uses have been approved by the FDA. For example, in the case of Medicare Part D coverage for oncology drugs, the Medicare
Modernization Act, with certain exceptions, provides for Medicare coverage of unapproved uses of an FDA-approved drug if the unapproved use is reasonable and necessary and is supported by one or more
citations in CMS-approved compendia, such as the National Comprehensive Cancer Network Drugs and Biologics Compendium. Different pricing and reimbursement schemes exist in other countries. For
example, in the European Union, governments influence the price of pharmaceutical products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national health care systems that fund a large
part of the cost of such products to consumers. The approach taken varies from member state to member state. Some jurisdictions operate positive or negative list systems under which  

 24 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 products
may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines, but monitor and control company profits and may
limit or restrict reimbursement. The downward pressure on health care costs in general, and prescription drugs in particular, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being
erected to the entry of new products, as exemplified by the actions of the National Institute for Clinical Excellence in the United Kingdom, which evaluates the data supporting new medicines and
passes reimbursement recommendations to the government. In addition, in some countries cross-border imports from low-priced markets (parallel imports) exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a
country.  

   
     


 


Manufacturing          

         Our manufacturing strategy is to contract with third parties to manufacture the raw materials, our active pharmaceutical ingredients,
or API, and finished solid dose products for clinical and commercial uses. We currently do not operate manufacturing facilities for clinical or commercial production of JAKAFI or our drug candidates.
In addition, we expect for the foreseeable future to continue to rely on third parties for the manufacture of commercial supplies of the raw materials, API and finished drug product for any drugs that
we successfully develop and are approved for commercial sale. In this manner, we continue to build and maintain our supply chain and quality assurance resources.  

 

 



 


Manufacturing of our Products   

 

         Our supply chain for manufacturing raw materials, API and drug product ready for distribution and commercialization is a multi-step
international process. Establishing and managing the supply chain requires a significant financial commitment and the creation and maintenance of numerous third-party contractual relationships.  

         We
contract with third parties to manufacture our drug candidates and JAKAFI for clinical and commercial purposes. Third-party manufacturers supply us with raw materials, and other
third-party manufacturers convert these raw materials into API or convert the API into final dosage form. For most of our drug candidates, once our raw materials are produced, we rely on one third
party to manufacture the API, another to make finished drug product and a third to package and label the
finished product. For ruxolitinib phosphate, the API for JAKAFI, we use and rely on a single third-party contract manufacturer in the United States and have qualified a second manufacturer for the
supply of ruxolitinib phosphate.  

         We
also rely on third-party contract manufacturers to tablet or capsulate all of our active pharmaceutical ingredients for clinical and commercial uses. For example, we use and rely on a
single third-party manufacturer to tablet and manufacture the finished product of JAKAFI. We are in the process of qualifying a second manufacturer for the commercial supply of JAKAFI, however, there
is no assurance that we will be able to identify and qualify a second source of supply for JAKAFI tablets on a timely basis.  

         We
may not be able to obtain sufficient quantities of any of our raw materials, drug candidates, ruxolitinib phosphate, or JAKAFI if our designated manufacturers do not have the capacity
or capability to manufacture our products according to our schedule and specifications. If any of these single source suppliers were to become unable or unwilling to supply us with API or finished
product that complies with applicable regulatory requirements, we could incur significant delays in our clinical trials or interruption of commercial supply which could have a material adverse effect
on our business.  

         We
have established a quality assurance program intended to ensure that our third-party manufacturers and service providers produce materials and provide services, when applicable, in
accordance with the FDA's current Good Manufacturing Practices and other applicable regulations.  

         For
our future products, we intend to continue to establish third-party suppliers to manufacture sufficient quantities of our drug candidates to undertake clinical trials and to
manufacture sufficient quantities of any product that is approved for commercial sale. If we are unable to contract for large scale  

 25 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 manufacturing
with third parties on acceptable terms for our future products or develop manufacturing capabilities internally, our ability to conduct large scale clinical trials and meet customer
demand for commercial products will be adversely affected.  

 

 


 


Third-party Manufacturers   

 

         Our third-party manufacturers are independent entities, under contract with us, who are subject to their own unique operational and
financial risks which are out of our control. If we or any of our third-party manufacturers fail to perform as required, this could impair our ability to deliver our products on a timely basis or
cause delays in our clinical trials and applications for regulatory approval. To the extent these risks materialize and affect their performance obligations to us, our financial results may be
adversely affected.  

         We
believe the technology used to manufacture our products is proprietary. For products manufactured by our third-party manufacturers, we have licensed the necessary aspects of this
manufacturing technology that we believe is proprietary to us to enable them to manufacture the products for us. We have agreements with these third-party manufacturers that are intended to restrict
these manufacturers from using or revealing our technology, but we cannot be certain that these third-party manufacturers will comply with these restrictions.  

         While
we believe there are multiple third parties capable of providing most of the materials and services we need in order to manufacture ruxolitinib phosphate and distribute JAKAFI, and
that supply of materials that cannot be second-sourced can be managed with inventory planning, there is always a risk that we may underestimate demand, and that our manufacturing capacity through
third-party manufacturers may not be sufficient. In addition, because of the significant lead times involved in our supply chain for ruxolitinib phosphate, we may have less flexibility to adjust our
supply in response to changes in demand than if we had shorter lead times.  

 

 


 


Access to Supplies and Materials   

 

         Our third-party manufacturers need access to certain supplies and products to manufacture JAKAFI and our drug candidates. If delivery
of material from their suppliers were interrupted for any reason or if they are unable to purchase sufficient quantities of raw materials used to manufacture JAKAFI and our drug candidates, they may
be unable to ship JAKAFI for commercial supply or to supply our drug candidates in development for clinical trials. For example, currently raw materials used to manufacture ruxolitinib phosphate, the
API in JAKAFI, are supplied by Chinese-based companies. As a result, an international trade dispute between China and the United States or any other actions by the Chinese government that would limit
or prevent Chinese companies from supplying these materials would adversely affect our ability to manufacture and supply our products to meet market needs and have a material and adverse effect on our
operating results.  

 

 


 


Agenus   

 

         Under our pending collaboration with Agenus, Agenus has primary responsibility for manufacturing activities, including selecting and
monitoring third-party manufacturers. Manufacturing antibodies and products containing antibodies is a more complex process than manufacturing small molecule drugs and subject to additional risks. The
process of manufacturing antibodies and products containing antibodies is highly susceptible to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure or improper installation or operation of equipment,
vendor or operator error, inconsistency in yields, variability in product characteristics, and difficulties in scaling the production process. Even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes
could result in reduced production yields, product defects and other supply disruptions. If microbial, viral or other contaminations are discovered in our product candidates or in the  

 26 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 manufacturing
facilities in which our product candidates are made, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination.  

   
     


 


Research and Development          

         Since our inception, we have made substantial investments in research and technology development. During the years ended
December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we incurred research and development expenses of $347.5 million, $260.4 million and $210.4 million, respectively.  

   
     


 


Human Resources          

         As of December 31, 2014, we had 588 employees, including 337 in research and development, 42 in medical affairs, 133 in sales
and marketing and 76 in operations support, finance and administrative positions. Of these employees, 178 employees have advanced technical degrees, including 19 MDs and 159 doctorate degrees.
None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and management considers relations with our employees to be good.  

   
     


 


Available Information          

         We were incorporated in Delaware in 1991 and our website is located at  www.incyte.com .
We make available free of charge on our website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, as
soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such materials to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our website and the information contained therein or connected thereto
are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

 27 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 



 
 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
       Item 1A.     Risk Factors          

   
       RISKS RELATING TO OUR LEAD PRODUCT JAKAFI          

 


 


We depend heavily on our lead product, JAKAFI (ruxolitinib), which is marketed as JAKAVI outside the
United States. If we are unable to successfully commercialize JAKAFI in its approved indications or to successfully obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize ruxolitinib for the treatment of
additional indications, or if we are significantly delayed or limited in doing so, our business may be materially harmed.   

         JAKAFI is our first product to be approved for sale in the United States. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or
FDA, in November 2011 for the treatment of patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis and in December 2014 for the treatment of patients with polycythemia vera who have had an inadequate
response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea, which we refer to as uncontrolled polycythemia vera. Although we have received regulatory approval for these indications, such approval does not guarantee
future revenues. The commercial success of JAKAFI and our ability to generate and maintain revenues from the sale of JAKAFI will depend on a number of factors,
including: 

 
 
 •  the number of patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis or uncontrolled polycythemia vera who are diagnosed with the
disease and the number of such patients that may be treated with JAKAFI;  
 •  the acceptance of JAKAFI by patients and the healthcare community;  
 •  whether physicians, patients and healthcare payors view JAKAFI as therapeutically effective and safe relative to cost and any
alternative therapies;  
 •  the ability to obtain and maintain sufficient coverage or reimbursement by third-party payors;    
 •  the ability of our third-party manufacturers to manufacture JAKAFI in sufficient quantities with acceptable quality;    
 •  the ability of our company and our third-party providers to provide marketing and distribution support for JAKAFI;    
 •  the label and promotional claims allowed by the FDA;  
 •  the maintenance of regulatory approval for the approved indications in the United States; and    
 •  our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize ruxolitinib in the United States for additional indications.  
 

         If
we are not successful in commercializing JAKAFI in the United States, or are significantly delayed or limited in doing so, our business may be materially harmed and we may need to
delay other drug discovery and development initiatives or even significantly curtail operations.  

         In
addition, our receipt of royalties under our collaboration agreement with Novartis for sales of JAKAVI outside the United States will depend on factors similar to those listed above
for jurisdictions outside the United States.  

 


 


If we are unable to obtain, or maintain at anticipated levels, reimbursement for JAKAFI from
government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations, our pricing may be affected or our product sales, results of operations or financial condition could be
harmed.   

         We may not be able to sell JAKAFI on a profitable basis or our profitability may be reduced if we are required to sell JAKAFI at lower
than anticipated prices or reimbursement is unavailable or limited in scope or amount. JAKAFI is expensive and almost all patients will require some form of third party coverage to afford its cost.
Our future revenues and profitability will be adversely affected if we cannot depend on government and other third-party payors to defray the cost of JAKAFI to the patient. In the  

 28 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 United
States, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, efforts to control and reduce healthcare costs. Government and other third-party payors are challenging the prices charged for
healthcare products and increasingly limiting and attempting to limit both coverage and level of reimbursement for prescription drugs. If these entities refuse to provide coverage and reimbursement
with respect to JAKAFI, determine to provide a lower level of coverage and reimbursement than anticipated, or reduce previously approved levels of coverage and reimbursement, then our pricing or
reimbursement for JAKAFI may be affected and our product sales, results of operations or financial condition could be harmed.  

 


 


We depend upon a limited number of specialty pharmacies and group purchasing organizations for a
significant portion of any revenues from JAKAFI, and the loss of, or significant reduction in sales to, any one of these specialty pharmacies or group purchasing organizations could adversely affect
our operations and financial condition.   

         We sell JAKAFI primarily to specialty pharmacies and group purchasing organizations, which in turn dispense JAKAFI to patients in
fulfillment of prescriptions. We do not promote JAKAFI to specialty pharmacies and group purchasing organizations, and they do not set or determine demand for JAKAFI. Our ability to successfully
commercialize JAKAFI will depend, in part, on the extent to which we are able to provide adequate distribution of JAKAFI to patients. Although we have contracted with a number of specialty pharmacies
and group purchasing organizations, they are expected generally to carry a very limited inventory and may be reluctant to be part of our distribution network in the future if demand for the product
does not increase. Further, it is possible that these specialty pharmacies and group purchasing organizations could decide to change their policies or fees, or both, at some time in the future. This
could result in their refusal to carry smaller volume products
such as JAKAFI, or cause higher product costs, lower margins or the need to find alternative methods of distributing our product. Although we believe we can find alternative channels to distribute
JAKAFI on relatively short notice, our revenue during that period of time may suffer and we may incur additional costs to replace any such specialty pharmacy or group purchasing organization. The loss
of any large specialty pharmacy or group purchasing organization as part of our distribution network, a significant reduction in sales we make to specialty pharmacies or group purchasing
organizations, or any failure to pay for the products we have shipped to them could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.  

 


 


If we are unable to establish and maintain effective sales, marketing and distribution capabilities,
or to enter into agreements with third parties to do so, we will not be able to successfully commercialize JAKAFI.   

         Prior to our commercialization of JAKAFI, we had no experience selling and marketing drug products and with pricing and obtaining
adequate third-party reimbursement for drug products. Under our collaboration and license agreement with Novartis, we have retained commercialization rights to JAKAFI in the United States. We have
established commercial capabilities in the United States, but cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain our own capabilities or enter into and maintain any marketing, distribution or
third-party logistics agreements with third-party providers on acceptable terms, if at all. We may not be able to correctly judge the size and experience of the sales and marketing force and the scale
of distribution capabilities necessary to successfully market and sell JAKAFI. Establishing and maintaining sales, marketing and distribution capabilities are expensive and time-consuming. Competition
for personnel with experience in sales and marketing can be high. Our expenses associated with building and maintaining the sales force and distribution capabilities may be disproportional compared to
the revenues we may be able to generate on sales of JAKAFI.  

 29 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Our reliance on other parties to manufacture JAKAFI could result in a short supply of JAKAFI,
increased costs, and withdrawal of regulatory approval.   

         We do not currently operate manufacturing facilities for commercial production of JAKAFI. Accordingly, we will be subject to the risks
described below under "—Other Risks Relating to Our Business—Our reliance on other parties to manufacture our drug products and drug candidates could result in a short supply
of the drugs, delays
in clinical trials or drug development, increased costs, and withdrawal or denial of a regulatory authority's approval."  

 


 


If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could lose our approval to market
JAKAFI or be subject to other governmental enforcement activity.   

         We cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain regulatory approval to market JAKAFI in the United States. If we do not maintain
our regulatory approval to market JAKAFI, our results of operations will be materially harmed. We and our collaborators, third-party manufacturers and suppliers are subject to rigorous and extensive
regulation by the FDA and other federal and state agencies. These regulations continue to apply after product marketing approval, and cover, among other things, testing, manufacturing, quality
control, labeling, advertising, promotion, risk mitigation, and adverse event reporting requirements.  

         Our
commercialization of JAKAFI is subject to post-regulatory approval product surveillance, and JAKAFI may have to be withdrawn from the market or subject to restrictions if previously
unknown problems occur. Regulatory agencies may also require additional clinical trials or testing for JAKAFI, and JAKAFI may be recalled or may be subject to reformulation, additional studies,
changes in labeling, warnings to the public and negative publicity.  

         Failure
to comply with the laws and regulations administered by the FDA or other agencies could result in: 

 
 
 •  administrative and judicial sanctions, including warning letters;  
 •  fines and other civil penalties;  
 •  withdrawal of regulatory approval to market JAKAFI;  
 •  interruption of production;  
 •  operating restrictions;  
 •  product recall or seizure;  
 •  injunctions; and  
 •  criminal prosecution.  
 

         The
occurrence of any such event may have a material adverse effect on our business.  

 


 


If the use of JAKAFI harms patients, or is perceived to harm patients even when such harm is
unrelated to JAKAFI, our regulatory approval could be revoked or otherwise negatively impacted or we could be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims.   


         The testing of JAKAFI and the manufacturing, marketing and sale of JAKAFI expose us to product liability and other risks. Side effects
and other problems experienced by patients from the use of JAKAFI could: 

 
 
 •  lessen the frequency with which physicians decide to prescribe JAKAFI;  
 •  encourage physicians to stop prescribing JAKAFI to their patients who previously had been prescribed JAKAFI;  
 
 30 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  cause serious harm to patients that may give rise to product liability claims against us; and    
 •  result in our need to withdraw or recall JAKAFI from the marketplace.  
 

         If
JAKAFI is used by a wide patient population, new risks and side effects may be discovered, the rate of known risks or side effects may increase, and risks previously viewed as less
significant could be determined to be significant.  

         Previously
unknown risks and adverse effects of JAKAFI may also be discovered in connection with unapproved, or off-label, uses of JAKAFI. We are prohibited by law from promoting or in
any way supporting or encouraging the promotion of JAKAFI for off-label uses, but physicians are permitted to use products for off-label purposes. In addition, we are studying and expect to continue
to study JAKAFI in diseases for potential additional indications in controlled clinical settings, and independent investigators are doing so as well. In the event of any new risks or adverse effects
discovered as new patients are treated for intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis or uncontrolled polycythemia vera and as JAKAFI is studied in or used by patients for off-label indications,
regulatory authorities may delay or revoke their approvals, we may be required to conduct additional clinical trials, make changes in labeling of JAKAFI, reformulate JAKAFI or make changes and obtain
new approvals. We may also experience a significant drop in the sales of JAKAFI, experience harm to our reputation and the reputation of JAKAFI in the marketplace or become subject to lawsuits,
including class actions. Any of these results could decrease or prevent sales of JAKAFI or substantially increase the costs and expenses of commercializing JAKAFI.  

         Patients
who have been enrolled in our clinical trials or who may use JAKAFI in the future often have severe and advanced stages of disease and known as well as unknown significant
pre-existing and potentially life-threatening health risks. During the course of treatment, patients may suffer adverse events, including death, for reasons that may or may not be related to JAKAFI.
Such events could subject us to costly litigation, require us to pay substantial amounts of money to injured patients, delay, negatively impact or end our opportunity to receive or maintain regulatory
approval to market JAKAFI, or require us to suspend or abandon our commercialization efforts. Even in a circumstance in which we do not believe that an adverse event is related to JAKAFI, the
investigation into the circumstance may be time consuming or inconclusive. These investigations may interrupt our sales efforts, impact and limit the type of regulatory approvals JAKAFI receives or
maintains, or delay the regulatory approval process for our collaborator Novartis in other countries.  

         Factors
similar to those listed above also apply to our collaboration partner Novartis for jurisdictions outside the United States.  

 


 


If we market JAKAFI in a manner that violates various federal and state health care related laws and
regulations, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties.   

         In addition to FDA and related regulatory requirements, we are subject to health care "fraud and abuse" laws, such as the federal False
Claims Act, the anti-kickback provisions of the federal Social Security Act, and other state and federal laws and regulations. Federal and state anti-kickback laws prohibit, among other things,
knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce, or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any health
care item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or other federally- or state-financed health care programs. Federal false claims laws prohibit any person from knowingly presenting, or
causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to get a false claim paid. Pharmaceutical companies have
been prosecuted under these laws for a variety of alleged promotional and marketing activities.  


         Although
physicians are permitted, based on their medical judgment, to prescribe products for indications other than those approved by the FDA, manufacturers are prohibited from
promoting their products for such off-label uses. We market JAKAFI for intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis and  

 31 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 uncontrolled
polycythemia vera and provide promotional materials to physicians regarding the use of JAKAFI for these indications. Although we believe that our promotional materials for physicians do
not constitute off-label promotion of JAKAFI, the FDA or other agencies may disagree. If the FDA or another agency determines that our promotional materials or other activities constitute off-label
promotion of JAKAFI, it could request that we modify our promotional materials or other activities or subject us to regulatory enforcement actions, including the issuance of a warning letter,
injunction, seizure, civil fine and criminal penalties. It is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they believe that the alleged improper
promotion led to the submission and payment of claims for an unapproved use, which could result in significant fines or penalties under other statutory authorities, such as laws prohibiting false
claims for reimbursement. Even if it is later determined we are not in violation of these laws, we may be faced with negative publicity, incur significant expenses defending our position and have to
divert significant management resources from other matters.  

         The
majority of states also have statutes or regulations similar to the federal anti-kickback law and false claims laws, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and
other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. In recent years, several states and localities, including California, Connecticut, the District of Columbia, Massachusetts,
Minnesota, Nevada, New Mexico, Texas, Vermont, and West Virginia, have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the
state or make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials, and other activities. Similar legislation is being considered in other states. Additionally, as part of the
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the federal government has enacted the Physician Payment Sunshine provisions. The Sunshine provisions require manufacturers to publicly report certain
payments or other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals. Many of these requirements are new and uncertain, and the penalties for failure to comply with these requirements are
unclear. Nonetheless, if we are found not to be in full compliance with these laws, we could face enforcement action and fines and other penalties, and could receive adverse publicity. See also
"—Other Risks Relating to our Business—If we fail to comply with the extensive legal and regulatory requirements affecting the health care industry, we could face increased
costs, penalties and a loss of business" below.  

   
   
   OTHER RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS          

 


 


We may be unsuccessful in our efforts to discover and develop drug candidates and commercialize drug
products.   

         None of our drug candidates, other than JAKAFI/JAKAVI, has received regulatory approval. Our ability to discover and develop drug
candidates and to commercialize additional drug products will depend on our ability to: 

 
 
 •  hire and retain key employees;  
 •  identify high quality therapeutic targets;  
 •  identify potential drug candidates;  
 •  develop products internally or license drug candidates from others;  
 •  identify and enroll suitable human subjects, either in the United States or abroad, for our clinical trials;    
 •  complete laboratory testing and clinical trials on humans;  
 •  obtain and maintain necessary intellectual property rights to our products;  
 •  obtain and maintain necessary regulatory approvals for our products, both in the United States and abroad;  
 
 32 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  enter into arrangements with third parties to provide services or to manufacture our products on our behalf;    
 •  deploy sales and marketing resources effectively or enter into arrangements with third parties to provide these functions in
compliance with all applicable laws;  
 •  obtain appropriate coverage and reimbursement levels for the cost of our products from governmental authorities, private health
insurers and other third-party payors;  
 •  lease facilities at reasonable rates to support our growth; and  
 •  enter into arrangements with third parties to license and commercialize our products.  
 

         We
have limited experience with the activities listed above and may not be successful in discovering, developing, or commercializing drug products. Discovery and development of drug
candidates are expensive and time-consuming, and we do not know if our efforts will lead to discovery of any drug candidates that can be successfully developed and marketed. Of the compounds or
biologics that we identify as potential drug products or that we may in-license from other companies, only a few, if any, are likely to lead to successful drug development programs and commercialized
drug products.  

 


 


We depend heavily on the success of our most advanced drug candidates. We might not be able to
commercialize any of our drug candidates successfully, and we may spend significant time and money attempting to do so.   

         We have invested significant resources in the development of our most advanced drug candidates. Ruxolitinib is in Phase III
clinical trials for the treatment of advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer, as well as in other clinical trials. Further, we have a number of drug candidates in Phase I and Phase II
clinical trials. Our ability to generate product revenues will depend on the successful development and eventual commercialization of our most advanced drug candidates. We, or our collaborators or
licensees, may decide to discontinue development of any or all of our drug candidates at any time for commercial, scientific or other reasons. For example, in September 2011, we announced that we had
discontinued development of our lead sheddase inhibitor, INCB7839, for the treatment of breast cancer. If a product is developed, but is not marketed, we may have spent significant amounts of time and
money on it, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.  

 


 


Although we obtained a special protocol assessment agreement for ruxolitinib for advanced or
metastatic pancreatic cancer, a special protocol assessment agreement does not guarantee any particular outcome from regulatory review, including any regulatory approval.   

         We have obtained a special protocol assessment, or SPA, agreement with the FDA for a registration trial, which is one of two
Phase III trials in the development plan, for ruxolitinib for the treatment of advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer in a subgroup of patients with elevated CRP. The SPA process allows for
FDA evaluation of a clinical trial protocol intended to form the primary basis of an efficacy claim in support of a New Drug Application, or NDA, and provides a product sponsor with an agreement
confirming that the design and size of a trial will be appropriate to form the primary basis of an efficacy claim for an NDA if the trial is performed according to the SPA. Even if we believe that the
data from a clinical trial are supportive, an SPA is not a guarantee of approval, and we cannot be certain that the design of, or data collected from, a trial will be adequate
to demonstrate safety and efficacy, or otherwise be sufficient to support regulatory approval. There can be no assurance that the terms of an SPA will ultimately be binding on the FDA, and the FDA is
not obligated to approve an NDA, if any, even if the clinical outcome is positive. The FDA retains significant latitude and discretion in interpreting the terms of an SPA and the data and results from
a clinical trial, and can require trial design changes or additional studies if issues arise essential to determining safety or efficacy. Data may subsequently become available that causes the FDA to
reconsider the previously agreed upon scope of review and the FDA may have  

 33 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 subsequent
safety or efficacy concerns that override an SPA, and we can give no assurance that as clinical trials proceed or as part of an NDA review process, if any, the FDA will determine that a
previously approved SPA is still valid.  

         Additionally,
an SPA may be changed only with the written agreement of the FDA, and any further changes we may propose to the protocol will remain subject to the FDA's approval. The FDA
may not agree to any such amendment and, even if they agree, they may request other amendments to the trial design that could require additional cost and time, as well as increase the degree of
difficulty in reaching clinical endpoints. As a result, even with an SPA, we cannot be certain that the trial results will be found to be adequate to support an efficacy claim and product approval.  

 


 


We depend on our collaborators and licensees for the future development and commercialization of
some of our drug candidates. Conflicts may arise between our collaborators and licensees and us, or our collaborators and licensees may choose to terminate their agreements with us, which may
adversely affect our business.   

         We have licensed to Novartis rights to ruxolitinib outside of the United States and worldwide rights to our c-MET inhibitor compounds
and licensed to Lilly worldwide rights to baricitinib. We have also licensed to Pfizer our portfolio of CCR2 antagonist compounds. Under the terms of our agreements with these collaborators, we have
no or limited control over the further clinical development of these drug candidates and any revenues we may receive if these drug candidates receive regulatory approval and are commercialized will
depend primarily on the development and commercialization efforts of others.  

         Conflicts
may arise with our collaborators and licensees if they pursue alternative technologies or develop alternative products either on their own or in collaboration with others as a
means for developing treatments for the diseases that we have targeted. Competing products and product opportunities may lead our collaborators and licensees to withdraw their support for our drug
candidates. Any failure of our collaborators and licensees to perform their obligations under our agreements with them or otherwise to support our drug candidates could negatively impact the
development of our drug candidates, lead to our loss of potential revenues from product sales and milestones and delay our achievement, if any, of profitability. Additionally, conflicts may arise if,
among other things, there is a dispute about the achievement and payment of a milestone amount or the ownership of intellectual property that is developed during the course of a collaborative
relationship.  

         Our
existing collaborative and license agreements can be terminated by our collaborators and licensees for convenience, among other circumstances. If any of our collaborators or
licensees terminates its agreement with us, or terminates its rights with respect to certain indications or drug candidates, we may not be able to find a new collaborator for them, and our business
could be adversely affected. Should an agreement be terminated before we have realized the benefits of the collaboration or license, our reputation could be harmed, we may not obtain revenues that we
anticipated receiving, and our business could be adversely affected.  

 


 


The success of our drug discovery and development efforts may depend on our ability to find suitable
collaborators to fully exploit our capabilities. If we are unable to establish collaborations or if these future collaborations are unsuccessful in the development and commercialization of our drug
candidates, our research, development and commercialization efforts may be unsuccessful, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.   


         An important element of our business strategy is to enter into collaborative or license arrangements with other parties, under which we
license our drug candidates to those parties for development and commercialization or under which we study our drug candidates in combination with such parties' compounds or biologics. We are
evaluating strategic relationships with respect to several of our other programs and may enter into an agreement with respect to one or more of these programs in the future.  

 34 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 However,
because collaboration and license arrangements are complex to negotiate, we may not be successful in our attempts to establish these arrangements. Also, we may not have drug candidates that
are desirable to other parties, or we may be unwilling to license a drug candidate to a particular party because such party interested in it is a competitor or for other reasons. The terms of any such
arrangements that we establish may not be favorable to us. Alternatively, potential collaborators may decide against entering into an agreement with us because of our financial, regulatory or
intellectual property position or for scientific, commercial or other reasons. If we are not able to establish collaboration or license arrangements, we may not be able to develop and commercialize a
drug product, which could adversely affect our business and our revenues.  

         In
order for any of these collaboration or license arrangements to be successful, we must first identify potential collaborators or licensees whose capabilities complement and integrate
well with ours. We may rely on these arrangements for not only financial resources, but also for expertise or economies of scale that we expect to need in the future relating to clinical trials,
manufacturing, sales and marketing, and for licenses to technology rights. However, it is likely that we will not be able to control the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators or
licensees devote to our programs or drug candidates. If our collaborators or licensees prove difficult to work with, are less skilled than we originally expected, do not devote adequate resources to
the program, pursue alternative technologies or develop alternative products, or do not agree with our approach to development or manufacturing of the drug candidate, the relationship could be
unsuccessful. If a business combination involving a collaborator or licensee and a third party were to occur, the effect could be to terminate or cause delays in development of a drug candidate.  

 


 


If we fail to enter into additional licensing agreements or if these arrangements are unsuccessful,
our business and operations might be adversely affected.   

         In addition to establishing collaborative or license arrangements under which other parties license our drug candidates for development
and commercialization or under which we study our drug candidates in combination with such parties' compounds or biologics, we may explore opportunities to develop our clinical pipeline by
in-licensing drug candidates that fit within our focus on oncology, such as our collaboration with Agenus. We may be unable to enter into any additional in-licensing agreements because suitable drug
candidates that are within our expertise may not be available to us on terms that are acceptable to us or because competitors with greater resources seek to in-license the same drug candidates. Drug
candidates that we would like to develop may not be available to us because they are controlled by competitors who are unwilling to license the rights to the drug candidate to us. In addition, we may
enter into license agreements that are unsuccessful and our business and operations might be adversely affected by the termination of a drug candidate and termination and winding down of the related
license agreement. We may also need to license drug delivery or other technology in order to continue to develop our drug candidates. If we are unable to enter into additional agreements to license
drug candidates, drug delivery technology or other technology or if these arrangements are unsuccessful, our research and development efforts could be adversely affected.  


 


 


Even if a drug candidate that we develop receives regulatory approval, we may decide not to
commercialize it if we determine that commercialization of that product would require more money and time than we are willing to invest.   

         Even if any of our drug candidates receives regulatory approval, it could be subject to post-regulatory surveillance, and may have to
be withdrawn from the market or subject to restrictions if previously unknown problems occur. Regulatory agencies may also require additional clinical trials or testing, and the drug product may be
recalled or may be subject to reformulation,
additional studies, changes in labeling, warnings to the public and negative publicity. As a result, we may not continue to commercialize a product even though it has obtained regulatory approval.
Further, we may decide not to continue to commercialize  

 35 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 a
product if the market does not accept the product because it is too expensive or because third parties such as insurance companies or Medicare have not approved it for substantial reimbursement. In
addition, we may decide not to continue to commercialize a product if competitors develop and commercialize similar or superior products or have proprietary rights that preclude us from ultimately
marketing our products.  

 


 


Any approved drug product that we bring to the market may not gain market acceptance by physicians,
patients, healthcare payors and others in the medical community.   

         Even if we are successful in gaining regulatory approval of any of our drug candidates in addition to JAKAFI, we may not generate
significant product revenues and we may not become profitable if these drug products do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance. Physicians may not recommend our drug products until longer-term
clinical data or other factors demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug products as compared to other alternative treatments. Even if the clinical safety and efficacy of our drug products is
established, physicians may elect not to prescribe these drug products for a variety of reasons, including the reimbursement policies of government and other third-party payors and the effectiveness
of our competitors in marketing their products.  

         Market
acceptance of our drug products, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 

 
 
 •  the willingness and ability of patients and the healthcare community to use our drug products;    
 •  the ability to manufacture our drug products in sufficient quantities with acceptable quality and to offer our drug products for sale
at competitive prices;  
 •  the perception of patients and the healthcare community, including third-party payors, regarding the safety, efficacy and benefits of
our drug products compared to those of competing products or therapies;  
 •  the label and promotional claims allowed by the FDA;  
 •  the pricing and reimbursement of our drug products relative to existing treatments; and    
 •  marketing and distribution support for our drug products.  
 

 


 


We have limited capacity to conduct preclinical testing and clinical trials, and our resulting
dependence on other parties could result in delays in and additional costs for our drug development efforts.   

         We have limited internal resources and capacity to perform preclinical testing and clinical trials. As part of our development
strategy, we often hire clinical research organizations, or CROs, to perform preclinical testing and clinical trials for drug candidates. If the CROs that we hire to perform our preclinical testing
and clinical trials do not meet deadlines, do not follow proper procedures, or a conflict arises between us and our CROs, our preclinical testing and clinical trials may take longer than expected, may
cost more, may be delayed or may be terminated. If we were forced to find a replacement entity to perform any of our preclinical testing or clinical trials, we may not be able to find a suitable
entity on favorable terms, or at all. Even if we were able to find another company to perform a preclinical test or clinical trial, the delay in the test or trial may result in significant additional
expenditures. Events such as these may result in delays in our obtaining regulatory
approval for our drug candidates or our ability to commercialize our products and could result in increased expenditures that would adversely affect our operating results.  

 36 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates in the United States and
foreign jurisdictions, we will not be permitted to commercialize products resulting from our research.   

         In order to commercialize drug products in the United States, our drug candidates will have to obtain regulatory approval from the FDA.
Satisfaction of regulatory requirements typically takes many years. To obtain regulatory approval, we must first show that our drug candidates are safe and effective for target indications through
preclinical testing (animal testing) and clinical trials (human testing). Preclinical testing and clinical development are long, expensive and uncertain processes, and we do not know whether the FDA
will allow us to undertake clinical trials of any drug candidates in addition to our compounds currently in clinical trials.  

         Completion
of clinical trials may take several years and failure may occur at any stage of testing. The length of time required varies substantially according to the type, complexity,
novelty and intended use of the drug candidate. Interim results of a preclinical test or clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results, and acceptable results in early clinical trials may
not be repeated in later clinical trials. For example, a drug candidate that is successful at the preclinical level may cause harmful or dangerous side effects when tested at the clinical level. Our
rate of commencement and completion of clinical trials may be delayed by many factors, including: 

 
 
 •  the high degree of risk associated with drug development;  
 •  our inability to formulate or manufacture sufficient quantities of materials for use in clinical trials;    
 •  variability in the number and types of patients available for each study;  
 •  difficulty in maintaining contact with patients after treatment, resulting in incomplete data;    
 •  unforeseen safety issues or side effects;  
 •  poor or unanticipated effectiveness of drug candidates during the clinical trials; or    
 •  government or regulatory delays.  
 

         Data
obtained from clinical trials are susceptible to varying interpretation, which may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. Many companies in the pharmaceutical industry,
including biotechnology companies, have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials, even after achieving promising results in earlier clinical trials. In addition, regulatory
authorities may refuse or delay approval as a result of other factors, such as changes in regulatory policy during the period of product development and regulatory agency review. For example, the FDA
has in the past required and could in the future require that we conduct additional trials of any of our drug candidates, which would result in delays.  


         Compounds
or biologics developed by us or with or by our collaborators and licensees may not prove to be safe and effective in clinical trials and may not meet all of the applicable
regulatory requirements needed to receive marketing approval. If regulatory approval of a product is granted, this approval will be limited to those disease states and conditions for which the product
is demonstrated through clinical trials to be safe and effective. Failure to obtain regulatory approval would delay or prevent us from commercializing products.  

         Outside
the United States, our ability to market a product is contingent upon receiving a marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory authorities. This foreign regulatory
approval process
typically includes all of the risks associated with the FDA approval process described above and may also include additional risks. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product
licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country and may require us to perform additional testing and expend additional resources. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval
by regulatory authorities in other countries, and approval by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or by the FDA.  

 37 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


We face significant competition for our drug discovery and development efforts, and if we do not
compete effectively, our commercial opportunities will be reduced or eliminated.   

         The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change.
Our drug discovery and development efforts may target diseases and conditions that are already subject to existing therapies or that are being developed by our competitors, many of which have
substantially greater resources, larger research and development staffs and facilities, more experience in completing preclinical testing and clinical trials, and formulation, marketing and
manufacturing capabilities. As a result of these resources, our competitors may develop drug products that render our products obsolete or noncompetitive by developing more effective drugs or by
developing their products more efficiently. Our ability to develop competitive products would be limited if our competitors succeeded in obtaining regulatory approvals for drug candidates more rapidly
than we were able to or in obtaining patent protection or other intellectual property rights that limited our drug development efforts. Any drug products resulting from our research and development
efforts, or from our joint efforts with collaborators or licensees, might not be able to compete successfully with our competitors' existing and future products, or obtain regulatory approval in the
United States or elsewhere.  

 


 


Our reliance on other parties to manufacture our drug products and drug candidates could result in a
short supply of the drugs, delays in clinical trials or drug development, increased costs, and withdrawal or denial of a regulatory authority's approval.   

         We do not currently operate manufacturing facilities for clinical or commercial production of JAKAFI and our other drug candidates. We
currently hire third parties to manufacture the raw materials, active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and finished drug product of JAKAFI and our other drug candidates for clinical trials. In
addition, we expect to continue to rely on third parties for the manufacture of commercial supplies of raw materials, API and finished drug product for any drugs that we successfully develop. For
JAKAFI and most of our drug candidates, we
hire third parties to manufacture the raw materials, another third party to manufacture the API and another to make the finished drug product and to package and label the finished product. The FDA
requires that the raw materials, API and finished product for JAKAFI and our other drug candidates be manufactured according to its current Good Manufacturing Practices regulations and regulatory
authorities in other countries have similar requirements. There are only a limited number of manufacturers that comply with these requirements. Failure to comply with current Good Manufacturing
Practices and the applicable regulatory requirements of other countries in the manufacture of our drug candidates and products could result in the FDA or foreign regulatory authority halting our
clinical trials, withdrawing or denying regulatory approval of our drug product, enforcing product recalls or other enforcement actions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.  

         We
may not be able to obtain sufficient quantities of our drug candidates or any drug products we may develop if our designated manufacturers do not have the capacity or capability to
manufacture them according to our schedule and specifications. In addition, we may not be able to arrange for our drug candidates or any drug products that we may develop to be manufactured by one of
these parties on reasonable terms, if at all. Also, required raw materials may only be available from a limited number of suppliers and, in the case of JAKAFI, are currently supplied by a single
source. As noted above, generally, we have a single source or a limited number of suppliers that are qualified to supply each of the API and finished product of JAKAFI and our other drug candidates.
If any of these suppliers were to become unable or unwilling to supply us with raw materials, API or finished product that complies with applicable regulatory requirements, we could incur significant
delays in our clinical trials or interruption of commercial supply that could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we have promised delivery of a drug candidate or drug product and are
unable to meet the delivery requirement due to manufacturing difficulties, our development programs could be delayed, we may have to expend additional sums in order to ensure that manufacturing
capacity is available when we need it even if we do not use all of the manufacturing capacity, and our business and operating results could be harmed.  

 38 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 



 
 

 

 Table of Contents   

         Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products often encounter difficulties in production, especially in scaling up initial production. These problems include
difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control and assurance and shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and foreign regulations.  

         In
order to obtain approval of our products by the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies, we need to complete testing on both the API and on the finished product in the packaging we
propose for commercial sales. This includes testing of stability, identification of impurities and testing of other product specifications by validated test methods. In addition, we will be required
to consistently produce the API in commercial quantities and of specified quality on a repeated basis and document our ability to do so. This requirement is referred to as process validation.  

         We
may not be able to adequately manage and oversee the manufacturers we choose, they may not perform as agreed or they may terminate their agreements with us. Foreign manufacturing
approval
processes typically include all of the risks associated with the FDA approval process for manufacturing and may also include additional risks.  

         Under
our collaboration with Agenus, Agenus has primary responsibility for manufacturing activities, including selecting and monitoring third-party manufacturers. Manufacturing
antibodies and products containing antibodies is a more complex process than manufacturing small molecule drugs and subject to additional risks. The process of manufacturing antibodies and products
containing antibodies is highly susceptible to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure or improper installation or operation of equipment, vendor or operator error, inconsistency in
yields, variability in product characteristics, and difficulties in scaling the production process. Even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes could result in reduced production yields,
product defects and other supply disruptions. If microbial, viral or other contaminations are discovered in our product candidates or in the manufacturing facilities in which our product candidates
are made, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination.  

 


 


If we fail to comply with the extensive legal and regulatory requirements affecting the health care
industry, we could face increased costs, penalties and a loss of business.   

         Our activities, and the activities of our collaborators, partners and third-party providers, are subject to extensive government
regulation and oversight both in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. The FDA and comparable agencies in other jurisdictions directly regulate many of our most critical business activities,
including the conduct of preclinical and clinical studies, product manufacturing, advertising and promotion, product distribution, adverse event reporting and product risk management. States
increasingly have been placing greater restrictions on the marketing practices of healthcare companies. In addition, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have been the target of lawsuits and
investigations alleging violations of government regulations, including claims asserting submission of incorrect pricing information, impermissible off-label promotion of pharmaceutical products,
payments intended to influence the referral of federal or state healthcare business, submission of false claims for government reimbursement, antitrust violations, violations of the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, or violations related to environmental matters. Violations of governmental regulation may be punishable by criminal and civil sanctions,
including fines and civil monetary penalties and exclusion from participation in government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. In addition to penalties for violation of laws and regulations,
we could be required to repay amounts we received from government payors, or pay additional rebates and interest if we are found to have miscalculated the pricing information we have submitted to the
government. We cannot ensure that our compliance controls, policies, and procedures will in every instance protect us from acts committed by our employees, collaborators, partners or third-party
providers that would violate the laws or regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Whether or not we have complied with the law, an investigation into  

 39 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 alleged
unlawful conduct could increase our expenses, damage our reputation, divert management time and attention and adversely affect our business.  

 


 


Health care reform measures could impact the pricing and profitability of pharmaceuticals, and
adversely affect the commercial viability of our drug candidates. Our ability to generate revenues will be diminished if we are unable to obtain an adequate level of reimbursement from private
insurers, government insurance programs or other third-party payors of health care costs, which could be affected by recent healthcare reform legislation.   

         Our ability to commercialize our drug candidates successfully will depend in part on the extent to which adequate reimbursement levels
for the cost of our products and related treatment are obtained from third-party payors, such as private insurers, government insurance programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, health maintenance
organizations (HMOs) and other health care related organizations.  

         In
recent years, through legislative and regulatory actions, the federal government has made substantial changes to various payment systems under the Medicare and other federal health
care programs. Comprehensive reforms to the U.S. healthcare system were recently enacted, including changes to the methods for, and amounts of, Medicare reimbursement. These reforms could
significantly reduce payments from Medicare and Medicaid. Reforms or other changes to these payment systems, may change the availability, methods and rates of reimbursements from Medicare, private
insurers and other third-party payors for our drug candidates. Some of these changes and proposed changes could result in reduced reimbursement rates, which could reduce the price that we or any of
our collaborators or licensees receive for any products, if commercialized, in the future, and which would adversely affect our business strategy, operations and financial results. Further federal and
state proposals and health care reforms are possible, which could limit the prices that can be charged for any of our drug candidates and may further limit the commercial viability of our drug
candidates. In certain foreign markets, pricing or profitability of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to government control. If reimbursement for our products, if commercialized, is unavailable,
limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our business could be materially harmed. There may be future changes that result in reductions in current coverage and
reimbursement levels for our drug candidates, and we cannot predict the scope of any future changes or the impact that those changes would have on our operations.  

         Third-party
payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services. Also, the trend toward managed health care in the United States, the organizations
for which could control or significantly influence the purchase of health care services and products, as well as legislative proposals to reform health care or reduce government insurance programs,
may all result in lower prices for or rejection of our products. Adoption of our drug candidates by the medical community may
be limited without adequate reimbursement for our products. Cost control initiatives may decrease coverage and payment levels for our drug candidates and, in turn, the price that we will be able to
charge for any product, if commercialized. Our drug candidates may not be considered cost-effective, and coverage and reimbursement may not be available or sufficient to allow us to sell our products
on a profitable basis. We are unable to predict all changes to the coverage or reimbursement methodologies that will be applied by private or government payors to our drug candidates.  


         The
continuing efforts of third-party payors to contain or reduce the costs of health care, any denial of private or government payor coverage or inadequate reimbursement for our drug
candidates could materially and adversely affect our business strategy, operations, future revenues and profitability, and the future revenues and profitability of our potential customers, suppliers,
collaborators and licensees and the availability of capital.  

 40 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


As our drug discovery and development operations are conducted at our headquarters in Wilmington,
Delaware, the loss of access to this facility would negatively impact our business.   

         Our facility in Wilmington, Delaware is our headquarters and is also where we conduct all of our drug discovery, research, development
and marketing activities. Our lease contains provisions that provide for its early termination upon the occurrence of certain events of default. In addition, natural disasters or actions of activists
opposed to aspects of pharmaceutical research may disrupt our experiments or our ability to access or use our facility. The loss of access to or use of our Wilmington, Delaware, facility, either on a
temporary or permanent basis, or early termination of our lease would result in an interruption of our business and, consequently, would adversely affect our overall business.  

 


 


We depend on key employees in a competitive market for skilled personnel, and the loss of the
services of any of our key employees or our inability to attract and retain additional personnel would affect our ability to expand our drug discovery and development programs and achieve our
objectives.   

         We are highly dependent on the members of our executive management team and principal members of our commercial, development, medical,
operations and scientific staff. We experience intense competition for qualified personnel. Our future success also depends in part on the continued service of our executive management team and key
personnel and our ability to recruit,
train and retain essential personnel for our drug discovery and development programs, and for our medical affairs and commercialization activities. If we lose the services of any of these people or if
we are unable to recruit sufficient qualified personnel, our research and product development goals, and our commercialization efforts could be delayed or curtailed. We do not maintain "key person"
insurance on any of our employees.  

 


 


If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our ability to develop and commercialize products could
suffer.   

         We expect that if our drug discovery efforts continue to generate drug candidates, our clinical drug candidates continue to progress in
development, and we continue to build our development, medical and commercial organizations, we will require significant additional investment in personnel, management and resources. Our ability to
achieve our research, development and commercialization objectives depends on our ability to respond effectively to these demands and expand our internal organization, systems, controls and facilities
to accommodate additional anticipated growth. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, our business could be harmed and our ability to execute our business strategy could suffer.  

 


 


Risks associated with expanding our operations to Europe could adversely affect our business.   

         We plan to expand our operations and conduct certain development activities in Europe. We have limited experience with conducting
activities outside of the United States. International operations and business expansion plans are subject to numerous additional risks, including: 

 
 
 •  multiple, conflicting and changing laws and regulations such as tax laws, privacy regulations, export and import restrictions,
employment, immigration and labor laws, regulatory requirements, and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses;  
 •  difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;  
 •  risks associated with obtaining and maintaining, or the failure to obtain or maintain, regulatory approvals for the sale or use of our
products in various countries;  
 •  complexities associated with managing government payor systems, multiple payor-reimbursement regimes or patient self-pay systems;    
 •  financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable and exposure to
foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations;  
 
 41 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  general political and economic conditions in the countries in operate, including terrorism and political unrest, curtailment of trade
and other business restrictions;  
 •  regulatory and compliance risks that relate to maintaining accurate information and control over activities that may fall within the
purview of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, its books and records provisions or its anti-bribery provisions, or similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws and regulations;  
 

         Any
of these risks, if encountered, could significantly increase our costs of operating internationally, prevent us from operating in certain jurisdictions, or otherwise significantly
harm our future
international expansion and operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

 


 


If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we could face substantial liabilities and may
be required to limit commercialization of our products and our results of operations could be harmed.   

         In addition to the risks described above under "—Risks Relating to Our Lead Product JAKAFI—If the use of JAKAFI
harms patients, or is perceived to harm patients even when such harm is unrelated to JAKAFI, our regulatory approval could be revoked or otherwise negatively impacted or we could be subject to costly
and damaging product liability claims," the conduct of clinical trials of medical products that are intended for human use entails an inherent risk of product liability. If any product that we or any
of our collaborators or licensees develops causes or is alleged to cause injury during clinical trials or commercialization, we may be held liable. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against
product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities, including substantial damages to be paid to the plaintiffs and legal costs, or we may be required to limit further development and
commercialization of our products. Additionally, any product liability lawsuit could cause injury to our reputation, participants and investigators to withdraw from clinical trials, and potential
collaborators or licensees to seek other partners, any of which could impact our results of operations.  

         Our
product liability insurance policy may not fully cover our potential liabilities. In addition, we may determine that we should increase our coverage, and this insurance may be
prohibitively expensive to us or our collaborators or licensees and may not fully cover our potential liabilities. Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost
to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the development or commercialization of our drug candidates and products.  

 


 


Because our activities involve the use of hazardous materials, we may be subject to claims relating
to improper handling, storage or disposal of these materials that could be time consuming and costly.   

         We are subject to various environmental, health and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things, the use, handling,
storage and disposal of regulated substances and the health and safety of our employees. Our research and development processes involve the controlled use of hazardous and radioactive materials and
biological waste resulting in the production of hazardous waste products. We cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or discharge and any resultant injury from these
materials. If any injury or contamination results from our use or the use by our collaborators or licensees of these materials, we may be sued and our liability may exceed our insurance coverage and
our total assets. Further, we may be required to indemnify our collaborators or licensees against all damages and other liabilities arising out of our development activities or products produced in
connection with these collaborations or
licenses. Compliance with the applicable environmental and workplace laws and regulations is expensive. Future changes to environmental, health, workplace and safety laws could cause us to incur
additional expense or may restrict our operations or impair our research, development and production efforts.  

 42 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
   
   RISKS RELATING TO OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS          

 


 


We expect to incur losses in the future and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the
future.   

         We had net losses from inception in 1991 through 1996 and in 1999 through December 31, 2014. Because of those losses, we had an
accumulated deficit of $1.8 billion as of December 31, 2014. We intend to continue to spend significant amounts on our efforts to discover and develop drugs. As a result, we could
continue to incur losses in 2015 and in future periods as well.  

         We
anticipate that our drug discovery and development efforts and related expenditures will increase as we focus on the studies, including preclinical tests and clinical trials prior to
seeking regulatory approval, that are required before we can sell a drug product.  

         The
development of drug products will require us to spend significant funds on research, development, testing, obtaining regulatory approvals, manufacturing and marketing. To date, we do
not have any drug products that have generated significant revenues other than from sales of JAKAFI and we cannot assure you that we will generate significant revenues from the drug candidates that we
license or develop, including JAKAFI, for several years, if ever.  

         We
cannot be certain whether or when we will achieve profitability because of the significant uncertainties relating to our ability to generate commercially successful drug products.
Even if we are successful in obtaining regulatory approvals for manufacturing and commercializing drug products in addition to JAKAFI, we expect that we will continue to incur losses if our drug
products do not
generate significant revenues. If we achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability.  

 


 


We will need additional capital in the future. If we are unable to generate sufficient funds from
operations, the capital markets may not permit us to raise additional capital at the time that we require it, which could result in limitations on our research and development or commercialization
efforts or the loss of certain of our rights in our technologies or drug candidates.   

         Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors and we anticipate that we may need to raise additional capital to fund our
business plan and research and development efforts going-forward and to repay our indebtedness.  

         Additional
factors that may affect our future funding requirements include: 

 
 
 •  the amount of revenues generated from our business activities;  
 •  any changes in the breadth of our research and development programs;  
 •  the results of research and development, preclinical testing and clinical trials conducted by us or our current or future
collaborators or licensees, if any;  
 •  our exercise of any co-development options with collaborators that may require us to fund future development;    
 •  the acquisition of businesses, technologies, or drug candidates, or the licensing of technologies or drug candidates, if any;    
 •  our ability to maintain and establish new corporate relationships and research collaborations;    
 •  competing technological and market developments;  
 •  the time and costs involved in filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing patent and intellectual property claims;    
 •  the receipt of contingent licensing or milestone fees or royalties on product sales from our current or future collaborative and
license arrangements, if established; and  
 
 43 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  the timing of regulatory approvals, if any.  
 

         If
we require additional capital at a time when investment in companies such as ours, or in the marketplace generally, is limited due to the then prevailing market or other conditions,
we may have to scale back our operations, eliminate one or more of our research or development programs, or attempt
to obtain funds by entering into an agreement with a collaborator or licensee that would result in terms that are not favorable to us or relinquishing our rights in certain of our proprietary
technologies or drug candidates. If we are unable to raise funds at the time that we desire or at any time thereafter on acceptable terms, we may not be able to continue to develop our drug
candidates. The sale of equity or additional convertible debt securities in the future may be dilutive to our stockholders, and debt financing arrangements may require us to pledge certain assets or
enter into covenants that could restrict our operations or our ability to incur further indebtedness.  

 


 


We have a large amount of debt and our debt service obligations may prevent us from taking actions
that we would otherwise consider to be in our best interests.   

         As of December 31, 2014, the aggregate principal amount of our total consolidated debt was $840.9 million and our
stockholders' deficit was $81.6 million. Our substantial leverage could have significant negative consequences for our future operations, including: 

 
 
 •  increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;  
 •  limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital and research and development expenditures, and
general corporate purposes;  
 •  requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our expected cash flow or our existing cash to service our indebtedness, thereby
reducing the amount of our cash available for other purposes, including working capital, capital expenditures and research and development expenditures;    
 •  limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we compete; or    
 •  placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage compared to less leveraged competitors and competitors that have better access to
capital resources.  
 

         We
may not generate sufficient cash flow from our operations in the future to enable us to meet our anticipated fixed charges, including our obligations with respect to our outstanding
convertible senior notes. As of December 31, 2014, $90.9 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.75% convertible senior notes due 2015 was outstanding and due in October 2015. The
remaining interest payments for our 4.75% convertible senior notes through 2015, assuming that none of these notes are converted, repurchased or exchanged, will total $4.3 million. As of
December 31, 2014, $375.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 0.375% convertible senior notes due 2018 was outstanding and due in November 2018. Annual interest payments for our
0.375% convertible senior notes through 2018, assuming that none of these notes are converted, repurchased or exchanged, are $1.4 million. As of December 31, 2014, $375.0 million
aggregate principal amount of our 1.25% convertible senior notes due 2020 was outstanding and due in November 2020. Annual interest payments for our 1.25% convertible senior notes through 2020,
assuming that none of these notes are converted, repurchased or exchanged, are $4.7 million. If we are unable to generate cash from our operations or raise additional cash through financings
sufficient to meet the remaining obligations under our convertible senior notes, we will need to use existing cash or liquidate marketable securities in order to fund these obligations, which may
delay or curtail our research, development and commercialization programs.  

 44 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Our marketable securities are subject to certain risks that could adversely affect our overall
financial position.   

         We invest our cash in accordance with an established internal policy and customarily in instruments, corporate bonds and money market
funds which historically have been highly liquid and carried relatively low risk. Recently similar types of investments and money market funds have experienced losses in value or liquidity issues
which differ from their historical pattern.  

         Should
a portion of our cash or marketable securities lose value or have their liquidity impaired, it could adversely affect our overall financial position by imperiling our ability to
fund our operations and forcing us to seek additional financing sooner than we would otherwise. Such financing, if available, may not be available on commercially attractive terms.  

 


 


Our current revenues are derived from JAKAFI product sales, JAKAVI product royalties, collaborations
and from licensing our intellectual property. If we are unable to achieve milestones, develop products or renew or enter into new collaborations, our revenues may decrease, and future milestone and
royalty payments may not contribute significantly to revenues for several years, and may never result in revenues.   

         We derived substantially all of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2014 from JAKAFI product revenues, JAKAVI product
royalties and our collaborations and licensing our intellectual property to others. Future revenues from research and development collaborations depend upon continuation of the collaborations, the
achievement of milestones and royalties we earn from any future products developed from our research. If we are unable to successfully achieve milestones or our collaborators fail to develop
successful products, we will not earn the future revenues contemplated under our collaborative agreements.  

   
   
   RISKS RELATING TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND LEGAL MATTERS          

 


 


If we are subject to arbitration, litigation and infringement claims, they could be costly and
disrupt our drug discovery and development efforts.   

         The technology that we use to make and develop our drug products, the technology that we incorporate in our products, and the products
we are developing may be subject to claims that they infringe the patents or proprietary rights of others. The success of our drug discovery and development efforts will also depend on our ability to
develop new compounds, drugs and technologies without infringing or misappropriating the proprietary rights of others. We are aware of patents and patent applications filed in certain countries
claiming intellectual property relating to some of our drug discovery targets and drug candidates. While the validity of issued patents, patentability of pending patent applications and applicability
of any of them to our programs are uncertain, if any of these patents are asserted against us or if we choose to license any of these patents, our ability to commercialize our products could be harmed
or the potential return to us from any product that may be successfully commercialized could be diminished.  

         From
time to time we have received, and we may in the future receive, notices from third parties offering licenses to technology or alleging patent, trademark, or copyright infringement,
claims
regarding trade secrets or other contract claims. Receipt of these notices could result in significant costs as a result of the diversion of the attention of management from our drug discovery and
development efforts. Parties sending these notices may have brought and in the future may bring litigation against us or seek arbitration relating to contract claims.  


         We
may be involved in future lawsuits or other legal proceedings alleging patent infringement or other intellectual property rights or contract violations. In addition, litigation or
other legal proceedings may be necessary to: 

 
 
 •  assert claims of infringement;  
 
 45 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  enforce our patents or trademarks;  
 •  protect our trade secrets or know-how; or  
 •  determine the enforceability, scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others.  
 

         We
may be unsuccessful in defending or pursuing these lawsuits, claims or other legal proceedings. Regardless of the outcome, litigation or other legal proceedings can be very costly and
can divert management's efforts. An adverse determination may subject us to significant liabilities or require us or our collaborators or licensees to seek licenses to other parties' patents or
proprietary rights. We or our collaborators or licensees may also be restricted or prevented from manufacturing or selling a drug or
other product that we or they develop. Further, we or our future collaborators or licensees may not be able to obtain any necessary licenses on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to develop
non-infringing technology or license technology on a timely basis or on reasonable terms, our business could be harmed.  

 


 


We may be unable to adequately protect or enforce our proprietary information, which may result in
its unauthorized use, a loss of revenue under a collaboration agreement or loss of sales to generic versions of our products or otherwise reduce our ability to compete in developing and
commercializing products.   

         Our business and competitive position depends in significant part upon our ability to protect our proprietary technology, including any
drug products that we create. Despite our efforts to protect this information, unauthorized parties may attempt to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. For example, one of our
collaborators may disclose proprietary information pertaining to our drug discovery efforts. In addition, while we have filed numerous patent applications with respect to ruxolitinib and our drug
candidates in the United States and in foreign countries, our patent applications may fail to result in issued patents. In addition, because patent applications can take several years to issue as
patents, there may be pending patent applications of others that may later issue as patents that cover some aspect of ruxolitinib and our drug candidates. Our existing patents and any future patents
we may obtain may not be broad enough to protect our products or all of the potential uses of our products, or otherwise prevent others from developing competing products or technologies. In addition,
our patents may be challenged and invalidated or may fail to provide us with any competitive advantages if, for example, others were first to invent or first to file a patent application for
the technologies and products covered by our patents.  

         Additionally,
when we do not control the prosecution, maintenance and enforcement of certain important intellectual property, such as a drug candidate in-licensed to us or subject to a
collaboration with a third party, the protection of the intellectual property rights may not be in our hands. If we do not control the intellectual property rights in-licensed to us with respect to a
drug candidate and the entity that controls the intellectual property rights does not adequately protect those rights, our rights may be impaired, which may impact our ability to develop, market and
commercialize the in-licensed drug candidate.  

         Our
means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate, and our competitors may: 

 
 
 •  independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information, products and techniques;    
 •  otherwise gain access to our proprietary information; or  
 •  design around patents issued to us or our other intellectual property.  
 

         We
pursue a policy of having our employees, consultants and advisors execute proprietary information and invention agreements when they begin working for us. However, these agreements
may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure. If we fail to maintain trade secret and patent protection,
our potential, future revenues may be decreased.  

 46 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


If the effective term of our patents is decreased due to changes in the United States patent laws or
if we need to refile some of our patent applications, the value of our patent portfolio and the revenues we derive from it may be decreased.   

         The value of our patents depends in part on their duration. A shorter period of patent protection could lessen the value of our rights
under any patents that we obtain and may decrease the revenues we derive from our patents. The United States patent laws were amended in 1995 to change the term of patent protection from
17 years from patent issuance to 20 years from the earliest effective filing date of the application. Because the time from filing to issuance of biotechnology applications may be more
than three years depending on the subject matter, a 20-year patent term from the filing date may result in substantially shorter patent protection.  

         Additionally,
United States patent laws were amended in 2011 with the enactment of the America Invents Act and third parties are now able to challenge the validity of issued U.S. patents
through various review proceedings; thus rendering the validity of U.S. patents more uncertain. We may be obligated to participate in review proceedings to determine the validity of our U.S. patents.
We cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these proceedings, the conduct of which could result in substantial
costs and diversion of our efforts and resources. If we are unsuccessful in these proceedings some or all of our claims in the patents may be narrowed or invalidated and the patent protection for our
products and drug candidates in the United States could be substantially shortened. Further, if all of the patents covering one of our products are invalidated, the FDA could approve requests to
manufacture a generic version of that product prior to the expiration date of those patents.  

         Other
changes in the United States patent laws or changes in the interpretation of patent laws could diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. For
example, the Supreme Court of the United States recently ruled that isolated DNA sequences cannot be patented. Although we no longer receive significant revenues generated from our former information
products business, the majority of our gene patent portfolio from that business consists of patents on isolated DNA sequences, and this ruling limits our ability to derive additional revenues from our
gene patent portfolio. Additionally, the Supreme Court recently resolved a split among the circuit courts of appeals regarding antitrust challenges to settlements of patent infringement lawsuits under
the Hatch-Waxman Act between brand-name drug companies and generic drug companies. The Court rejected the "scope of the patent" test and ruled that settlements involving "reverse payments" from
brand-name drug companies to generic drug companies should be analyzed under the rule of reason. This ruling may create uncertainty and make it more difficult to settle patent litigation if a company
seeking to manufacture a generic version of one of our products challenges the patents covering that product prior to the expiration date of those patents.  

 


 


International patent protection is particularly uncertain and costly, and our involvement in
opposition proceedings in foreign countries may result in the expenditure of substantial sums and management resources.   

         Biotechnology and pharmaceutical patent law outside the United States is even more uncertain and costly than in the United States and
is currently undergoing review and revision in many countries. Further, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as United States laws.
For example, certain countries do not grant patent claims that are directed to the treatment of humans. We have participated, and may in the future participate, in opposition proceedings to determine
the validity of our foreign patents or our competitors' foreign patents, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our efforts. For example, there is a patent opposition proceeding in
India against our Indian patent that covers the composition of matter and use of certain Janus Kinase inhibitors, including ruxolitinib phosphate, for the treatment of myeloid proliferative disorders,
cancer, immune-related diseases, skin disorders, and other diseases. Successful challenges to our patent or other intellectual property rights through these proceedings could result in a loss of
rights in the relevant jurisdiction and allow third parties to use our proprietary technologies without a license from us or our collaborators, which may also result in loss of future royalty
payments. In addition, successful challenges may jeopardize or delay our ability to enter into new collaborations or commercialize potential products, which could harm our business and results of
operations.  

 47 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


   
       Item 1B.     Unresolved Staff Comments.          

         None.   

   
       Item 2.     Properties          

         Our corporate headquarters is in Wilmington, Delaware, which is where our drug discovery and development operations are also located.
As of December 31, 2014, we had a 15 year lease agreement for approximately 190,000 square feet of laboratory and office space in Wilmington, Delaware.   

   
       Item 3.     Legal Proceedings          

         None   

   
       Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures          

         Not applicable.  

   
   
 Executive Officers of the Registrant          

         Our executive officers are as follows:  

          Hervé Hoppenot,  age 54, joined Incyte as President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director, in January 2014.
Mr. Hoppenot served as the President of Novartis Oncology, Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, the U.S. subsidiary of Novartis AG, a pharmaceutical company, from January 2010 to January 2014.
Prior to that, Mr. Hoppenot served in other executive positions at Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, serving from September 2006 to January 2010 as Executive Vice President, Chief
Commercial Officer of Novartis Oncology and Head of Global Product Strategy & Scientific Development of Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation and from 2003 to September 2006 as Senior Vice
President, Head of Global Marketing of Novartis Oncology. Prior to joining Novartis, Mr. Hoppenot served in various increasingly senior roles at Aventis S.A. (formerly
Rhône-Poulenc S.A.), a pharmaceutical company, including as Vice President Oncology US of Aventis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from 2000 to 2003 and Vice President US Oncology
Operations of Rhone-Poulenc Rorer Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from 1998 to 2000. Mr. Hoppenot holds a Diploma from ESSEC International Business School.  

          James M. Daly , age 53, has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer since October 2012. Prior to joining Incyte,
Mr. Daly served as Senior Vice President of North America Commercial Operations and Global Marketing/Commercial Development of Amgen Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, where he was
employed from January 2002 to December 2011. Prior to his employment with Amgen, Mr. Daly was Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Respiratory/Anti-infective business unit at
GlaxoSmithKline, a pharmaceutical company, where he was employed from June 1985 to December 2001. Mr. Daly is a pharmacist and received his B.S. and M.B.A. degrees from SUNY at Buffalo.  

          Barry P. Flannelly , age 57, joined Incyte as our Executive Vice President, Business Development and Strategic Planning in August 2014.
Prior to joining Incyte, he served as Chief Executive Officer of OSS Healthcare Inc., a biotechnology start-up company, from August 2013 to July 2014. He served as Vice President, Global
Product Strategy and Commercial Planning of Nektar Therapeutics, a biopharmaceutical company, from April 2011 until April 2013 and as Senior Vice President, Commercial, of Onyx
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from August 2008 until January 2011. Prior thereto, Dr. Flannelly held key positions at biopharmaceutical and pharmaceutical companies
such as Abraxis BioScience, Inc. and Novartis. Dr. Flannelly earned his doctorate in pharmacy from the University of Maryland, School of Pharmacy, his master's degree in business
administration from the University of Baltimore, and his B.S. degree in Pharmacy from Massachusetts College of Pharmacy.  

 48 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

          David W. Gryska , age 58, joined Incyte as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in October 2014. Prior to joining Incyte,
Mr. Gryska served as an independent consultant and as a member of several public company boards of directors. Mr. Gryska served as the Chief Operating Officer and a Director of
Myrexis, Inc., a biotechnology company, from May 2012 to December 2012. From December 2006 to October 2010, Mr. Gryska served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Celgene Corporation, a biopharmaceutical company. From October 2004 to December 2006, Mr. Gryska was a principal at Strategic Consulting Group. Previously, Mr. Gryska served at
Scios, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2000 to 2004, and as Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer from 1998 to 2000.
From 1993 to 1998, Mr. Gryska served as Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer at Cardiac Pathways. Prior to Cardiac Pathways, Mr. Gryska served as a partner at
Ernst & Young LLP. Mr. Grsyka is a CPA, and Mr. Gryska holds a B.A. in Accounting and Finance from Loyola University and an M.B.A. from Golden Gate University.  

          Reid M. Huber , age 43, joined Incyte in January 2002 as Associate Director, Applied Technology. For the past 10 years,
Dr. Huber has held roles of increasing responsibility in both drug discovery and clinical development at Incyte, and was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer in April
2014. Prior to joining Incyte, Dr. Huber held scientific research positions with DuPont Pharmaceuticals Company from 1998 to 2002. Dr. Huber held intramural pre-doctoral and
post-doctoral fellowships at the National Institutes of Health from 1997-1998. Dr. Huber received his B.S. in biochemistry/molecular genetics from Murray State University and his Ph.D. in
molecular genetics from Washington University.  

          Richard S. Levy , M.D., age 57, has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Drug Development and Medical Officer since January 2009
and joined the company as Senior Vice President of Drug Development in August 2003. Prior to joining Incyte, Dr. Levy held positions of increasing responsibility in drug development, clinical
research and regulatory affairs at Celgene Corporation, from 2002 to 2003, DuPont Pharmaceuticals Company, from 1997 to 2002, and Sandoz (now part of Novartis), from 1991 to 1997. Prior to joining the
pharmaceutical industry, Dr. Levy was Assistant Professor of Medicine at the UCLA School of Medicine. Dr. Levy is Board Certified in Internal Medicine and Gastroenterology and received
his A.B. in Biology from Brown University and his M.D. from the University of Pennsylvania.  

          Eric H. Siegel , age 50, joined Incyte as our Chief Compliance Officer in October 2010 and became Executive Vice President and General
Counsel in August 2011. Prior to joining Incyte, from April 2009 to October 2011, he was Chief Compliance Officer at EMD Serono, Inc., a privately-held biotechnology company. From 2007 to 2009
he served as General Counsel for Solstice Neurosciences, Inc., also a privately-held biotechnology company. He was Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer at
Cephalon, Inc. from 2004 to 2007. Mr. Siegel holds a B.A. from Franklin and Marshall College, his M.B.A from Temple University and his J.D. from the University of Pennsylvania.  

          Paula J. Swain , age 57, has served as Executive Vice President, Human Resources, of Incyte since August 2002 and joined the company as
Senior Vice President of Human Resources in January 2002. Ms. Swain served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources at Bristol-Myers Squibb Company from October 2001 to January 2002, after
it acquired DuPont Pharmaceuticals Company. From July 1998 to October 2001, Ms. Swain was Senior Vice President of Human Resources at DuPont Pharmaceuticals. From October 1992 to July 1998,
Ms. Swain held a variety of human resources positions of increasing responsibility at DuPont Pharmaceuticals. Ms. Swain received her B.A. in Psychology and Industrial Relations from
Rockhurst University.  

          Wenqing Yao , age 52, joined Incyte in February 2002 as Director, Chemistry. For the past nine years, Dr. Yao has held roles of
increasing responsibility at Incyte, and was appointed Executive Vice President, Discovery Medicinal and Process Chemistry in October 2014. Prior to joining Incyte, Dr. Yao held scientific
research positions with DuPont Pharmaceuticals and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company from 1996 to 2002. Dr. Yao received his B.S. in chemistry from Xuzhou Normal University, his M.S. in organic
chemistry from NanKai University and his Ph.D. in organic/medicinal chemistry from the University of Pennsylvania.  

 49 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 



 
 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART II          

   
       Item 5.     Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities     
 


         Our common stock, $.001 par value per share, is traded on The NASDAQ Global Select Market (Nasdaq) under the symbol "INCY." The
following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the range of high and low sales prices for our common stock on Nasdaq as reported in its consolidated transaction reporting system.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 High  
   
 Low  
   
 
 
   2013 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   First Quarter 
   
 
 
$ 
 25.29 
   
 
 
$ 
 17.00 
   
 
 
   Second Quarter 
   
   
 24.86 
   
   
 18.23 
   
 
 
   Third Quarter 
   
   
 38.87 
   
   
 22.08 
   
 
 
   Fourth Quarter 
   
   
 52.47 
   
   
 33.01 
   
 
 
   2014 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   First Quarter 
   
 
 
$ 
 70.86 
   
 
 
$ 
 49.66 
   
 
 
   Second Quarter 
   
   
 58.34 
   
   
 40.30 
   
 
 
   Third Quarter 
   
   
 57.34 
   
   
 45.06 
   
 
 
   Fourth Quarter 
   
   
 80.78 
   
   
 43.86 
   
 
 
 
  
          As
of December 31, 2014, our common stock was held by 184 stockholders of record. We have never declared or paid dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate paying any
dividends in the foreseeable future.  

 50 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
       Item 6.     Selected Financial Data          

   
       Selected Consolidated Financial Data   (in thousands, except per share data)          


         The data set forth below should be read in conjunction with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" included in Item 7 and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included in Item 8 of this Report.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 2010  
   
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations Data: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Revenues: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Product revenues, net(1) 
   
 
 
$ 
 357,562 
   
 
 
$ 
 235,443 
   
 
 
$ 
 136,001 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,012 
   
 

 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Product royalty revenues(2) 
   
   
 48,966 
   
   
 28,251 
   
   
 3,652 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Contract revenues(3) 
   
   
 104,857 
   
   
 91,047 
   
   
 156,948 
   
   
 91,948 
   
   
 168,948 
   
 
 
   Other revenues 
   
   
 110 
   
   
 206 
   
   
 458 
   
   
 495 
   
   
 930  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenues 
   
   
 511,495 
   
   
 354,947 
   
   
 297,059 
   
   
 94,455 
   
   
 169,878 
   
 
 
   Costs and expenses: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cost of product revenues 
   
   
 3,004 
   
   
 630 
   
   
 157 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Research and development 
   
   
 347,523 
   
   
 260,436 
   
   
 210,391 
   
   
 178,707 
   
   
 123,880 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
   
   
 165,772 
   
   
 109,983 
   
   
 85,363 
   
   
 58,219 
   
   
 32,328 
   
 
 
   Other expenses(4) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 712 
   
   
 (379 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total costs and expenses 
   
   
 516,299 
   
   
 371,049 
   
   
 295,911 
   
   
 237,638 
   
   
 155,829  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income (loss) from operations 
   
   
 (4,804 
 ) 
   
 (16,102 
 ) 
   
 1,148 
   
   
 (143,183 
 ) 
   
 14,049 
   
 
 
   Interest and other income, net 
   
   
 3,350 
   
   
 1,324 
   
   
 764 
   
   
 462 
   
   
 1,416 
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 (46,828 
 ) 
   
 (38,652 
 ) 
   
 (46,058 
 ) 
   
 (43,819 
 ) 
   
 (43,323 
 ) 
 
 
   Debt exchange expense on senior note conversions 
   
   
 (265 
 ) 
   
 (11,484 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Loss on repurchase/redemption of convertible senior and subordinated notes 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (17,934 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (3,988 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Loss before provision for income taxes 
   
   
 (48,547 
 ) 
   
 (82,848 
 ) 
   
 (44,146 
 ) 
   
 (186,540 
 ) 
   
 (31,846 
 ) 
 
 
   (Benefit) provision for income taxes 
   
   
 (66 
 ) 
   
 299 
   
   
 174 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net loss 
   
 
 
$ 
 (48,481 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (83,147 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (44,320 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (186,540 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (31,846 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Basic and diluted net loss per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.29 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (0.56 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (0.34 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (1.49 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (0.26 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Number of shares used in computation of basic and diluted net loss per share 
   
   
 167,947 
   
   
 148,403 
   
   
 129,747 
   
   
 125,362 
   
   
 121,628  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) 2014,
2013, 2012 and 2011 product revenues, net relates to our product sales of JAKAFI.
 (2) 2014,
2013 and 2012 product royalty revenues relate to Novartis net sales of JAKAVI outside the United States.
 (3) Contract
revenues relates to our collaborative research and license agreements with Novartis and Lilly.
 (4) 2011
primarily relates to a settlement agreement. 2010 relates to restructuring activity.   
  

 51 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 2010  
   
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets Data: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities 
   
 
 
$ 
 600,263 
   
 
 
$ 
 509,004 
   
 
 
$ 
 228,418 
   
 
 
$ 
 277,594 
   
 
 
$ 
 424,168 
   
 
 
   Working capital 
   
   
 477,699 
   
   
 447,757 
   
   
 173,440 
   
   
 175,164 
   
   
 341,881 
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 830,069 
   
   
 629,568 
   
   
 330,419 
   
   
 328,962 
   
   
 489,581 
   
 
 
   Convertible senior notes 
   
   
 689,118 
   
   
 661,567 
   
   
 322,043 
   
   
 298,193 
   
   
 276,445 
   
 
 
   Convertible subordinated notes 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9,033 
   
   
 17,960 
   
   
 16,987 
   
 
 
   Stockholders' deficit 
   
   
 (81,628 
 ) 
   
 (193,108 
 ) 
   
 (174,957 
 ) 
   
 (227,077 
 ) 
   
 (88,644 
 ) 
 
 
 
  
    
       Item 7.     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations          

         The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with "Selected
Consolidated Financial Data" and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included elsewhere in this Report.  

         Our
current pipeline includes the following compounds:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Target/Drug Compound

 

  
   
 Indication  
   
 Status  
 
 
   ONCOLOGY 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   JAK1 and JAK2 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   JAKAFI(1) 
   
 Myelofibrosis(11)(12) 
   
 FDA Approved—Marketed 
 
 
   JAKAFI(1) 
   
 Polycythemia Vera(13) 
   
 FDA Approved—Marketed 
 
 
   ruxolitinib(1) 
   
 Pancreatic Cancer 
   
 Phase III 
 
 
   ruxolitinib(1) 
   
 Breast Cancer 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
   ruxolitinib(1) 
   
 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
   ruxolitinib(1) 
   
 Colorectal Cancer 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
   JAK1 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   INCB39110 
   
 Advanced Malignancies 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   INCB39110 
   
 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
   INCB39110 
   
 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
   INCB52793 
   
 Advanced malignancies 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   PI3K-delta 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   INCB40093 
   
 B-lymphoid Malignancies 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   INCB50465 
   
 Hematology / Oncology 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   JAK1+PI3K-delta 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   INCB39110+INCB40093 
   
 B-lymphoid Malignancies 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   IDO1 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   epacadostat 
   
 Metastatic Melanoma 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
   epacadostat(2) 
   
 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   epacadostat(3) 
   
 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   epacadostat(4) 
   
 Multiple tumor types 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   epacadostat(5) 
   
 Multiple tumor types 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   c-MET 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   capmatinib(6) 
   
 Solid Tumors 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   capmatinib(6) 
   
 Hepatocellular Carcinoma 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
   capmatinib(6) 
   
 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
   FGFR 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   INCB54828(7) 
   
 Solid Tumors 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   BRD 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   INCB54329(7) 
   
 Hematology / Oncology 
   
 Phase I/II 
 
 
   INFLAMMATION 
   
     
   
     
 
 
   JAK1 and JAK2 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   baricitinib(8) 
   
 Rheumatoid Arthritis 
   
 Phase III 
 
 
   baricitinib(9) 
   
 Psoriasis 
   
 Phase IIb 
 
 
   baricitinib(10) 
   
 Diabetic Nephropathy 
   
 Phase II 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) We
licensed rights outside the United States to Novartis and retained U.S. rights.  
  
  52 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
  
 (2) In
combination with Merck's anti-PD-1 immunotherapy, Keytruda (pembrolizumab).
 (3) In
combination with Genentech's anti-PD-L1 immunotherapy, MPDL3280A.
 (4) In
combination with AstraZeneca's anti-PD-L1 immunotherapy, MEDI4736.
 (5) In
combination with Bristol-Myers-Squibb's anti-PD-1 immunotherapy, Opdivo (nivolumab).
 (6) We
licensed worldwide rights to Novartis and retained co-development and co-promotion options.
 (7) Clinical
trial not yet initiated.
 (8) We
licensed worldwide rights to Lilly, have elected to co-develop with Lilly, and retained a co-promotion option.
 (9) We
licensed worldwide rights to Lilly and retained a co-promotion option.
 (10) We
licensed worldwide rights to Lilly and retained co-development and co-promotion options.
 (11) Several
clinical trials in patients with myelofibrosis are ongoing, including long-term extension studies, alternative dosing studies, joint global trials
with Novartis and trials in patients with low platelet counts.
 (12) JAKAFI
is approved for treatment of people with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis (MF), including primary MF, post—polycythemia vera MF,
and post—essential thrombocythemia MF.
 (13) JAKAFI
is approved for treatment of people with polycythemia vera (PV) who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea.  
  

   
     


 


License Agreements          

 


 


Novartis   

         In November 2009, we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with Novartis. Under the terms of the agreement, Novartis
received exclusive development and commercialization rights outside of the United States to ruxolitinib and certain back-up compounds for hematologic and oncology indications, including all
hematological malignancies, solid tumors and myeloproliferative diseases. We retained exclusive development and commercialization rights to JAKAFI (ruxolitinib) in the United States and in certain
other indications. Novartis also received worldwide exclusive development and commercialization rights to our c-MET inhibitor compound capmatinib and certain back-up compounds in all indications. We
retained options to co-develop and to co-promote capmatinib in the United States.  

         Under
this agreement, we received an upfront payment and immediate milestone payment totaling $210.0 million and were initially eligible to receive additional payments of up to
approximately $1.2 billion if defined development and commercialization milestones are achieved. In 2014, 2013 and 2012, we received $92.0 million, $25.0 million and
$40.0 million, respectively, in milestone payments under this agreement. We are also eligible to receive tiered, double-digit royalties ranging from the upper-teens to the mid-twenties on
future ruxolitinib net sales outside of the United States. In addition, Novartis has received reimbursement and pricing approval for ruxolitinib in a specified number of countries, and we are now
obligated to pay to Novartis tiered royalties in the low single digits on future ruxolitinib net sales within the United States. Each company is responsible for costs relating to the development and
commercialization of ruxolitinib in its respective territories, with costs of collaborative studies shared equally. Novartis is now responsible for all costs relating to the development and
commercialization of capmatinib. JAKAFI is sold outside of the United States by Novartis under the name JAKAVI. For the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we recorded
$49.0 million, $28.3 million and $3.7 million, respectively, of product royalty revenues related to Novartis net sales of JAKAVI.  

         The
Novartis agreement will continue on a program-by-program basis until Novartis has no royalty payment obligations with respect to such program or, if earlier, the termination of the
agreement or any program in accordance with the terms of the agreement. Royalties are payable by Novartis on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis until the latest to occur of
(1) the expiration of the last valid claim of the licensed patent rights covering the licensed product in the relevant country, (2) the
expiration of regulatory exclusivity for the licensed product in such country and (3) a specified period from  

 53 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 first
commercial sale in such country of the licensed product by Novartis or its affiliates or sublicensees. The agreement may be terminated in its entirety or on a program-by-program basis by
Novartis for convenience. The agreement may also be terminated by either party under certain other circumstances, including material breach.  

 


 


Lilly   

         In December 2009, we entered into a License, Development and Commercialization Agreement with Lilly. Under the terms of the agreement,
Lilly received exclusive worldwide development and commercialization rights to baricitinib and certain back-up compounds for inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. We received an initial payment of
$90.0 million, and were initially eligible to receive additional payments of up to $665.0 million based on the achievement of defined development, regulatory and commercialization
milestones. In 2012, we recognized a $50.0 million milestone under this agreement, and in 2010, we received $49.0 million in milestone payments under this agreement. We also could
receive tiered, double-digit royalty payments on future global net sales with rates ranging up to 20% if the product is successfully commercialized.  

         We
retained options to co-develop our JAK1/JAK2 inhibitors with Lilly on a compound-by-compound and indication-by-indication basis. Lilly is responsible for all costs relating to the
development and commercialization of the compounds unless we elect to co-develop any compounds or indications. If we elect to co-develop any compounds and/or indications, we would be responsible for
funding 30% of the associated future global development costs from the initiation of a Phase IIb trial through regulatory approval. We would receive an incremental royalty rate increase across
all tiers resulting in effective royalty rates ranging up to the high twenties on potential future global net sales for compounds and/or indications that we elect to co-develop. We also retained an
option to co-promote products in the United States. In July 2010, we elected to co-develop baricitinib with Lilly in rheumatoid arthritis and we are responsible for funding 30% of the associated
future global development costs for this indication from the initiation of the Phase IIb trial through regulatory approval. Baricitinib is also being developed in psoriasis and diabetic
nephropathy. We have decided not to exercise our co-development option for psoriasis. The Lilly agreement will continue until Lilly no longer has any royalty payment obligations or, if earlier, the
termination of the agreement in accordance with its terms. Royalties are payable by Lilly on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis until the latest to occur of (1) the expiration of
the last valid claim of the licensed patent rights covering the licensed product in the relevant country, (2) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity for the licensed product in such country
and (3) a specified period from first commercial sale in such country of the licensed product by Lilly or its
affiliates or sublicensees. The agreement may be terminated by Lilly for convenience, and may also be terminated under certain other circumstances, including material breach.  

 


 


Agenus   

         In January 2015, we entered into a License, Development and Commercialization Agreement with Agenus Inc. and its wholly-owned
subsidiary, 4-Antibody AG, which we collectively refer to as Agenus. Under this agreement, the parties have agreed to collaborate on the discovery of novel immuno-therapeutics using Agenus'
proprietary Retrocyte Display antibody discovery platform. The effectiveness of the agreement is conditioned on the expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements
Act of 1976 (HSR Act).  

         Under
the terms of this agreement, we received exclusive worldwide development and commercialization rights to four checkpoint modulators directed against GITR, OX40, LAG-3 and TIM-3. In
addition to the initial four program targets, we and Agenus have the option to jointly nominate and pursue additional targets within the framework of the collaboration. These targets may be designated
profit-share programs, where all costs and profits are shared equally by us and Agenus, or royalty-bearing programs, where we will be responsible for all costs associated with discovery, preclinical
activities, clinical  

 54 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 development
and commercialization activities. The programs relating to GITR and OX40 are profit-share programs and the programs relating to LAG-3 and TIM-3 are royalty-bearing programs. All costs
related to the collaboration are subject to a joint research plan. We agreed to pay Agenus upfront non-refundable payments totaling $25.0 million. For each royalty-bearing product, Agenus will
be eligible to receive up to $155.0 million in future contingent development, regulatory and commercialization milestones as well as tiered royalties on global net sales ranging from 6% to 12%.
For each profit-share product, Agenus will be eligible to receive up to $20.0 million in future contingent development milestones. Additionally, Agenus retains co-promotion participation rights
in the United States on any profit-share product. For each royalty-bearing product, Agenus has reserved the right to elect to co-fund 30% of development costs for a commensurate increase in royalties.
The agreement may be terminated by us for convenience and may also be terminated under certain other circumstances, including material breach. We have agreed to certain standstill provisions that
allow us to acquire up to 15% of Agenus Inc.'s outstanding voting stock, including shares acquired pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement described below, solely for investment purposes.  

         We
also entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Agenus Inc., pursuant to which we agreed to purchase, subject to expiration of the waiting period under the HSR Act,
approximately 7.76 million shares of Agenus Inc. common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $35.0 million in cash, or approximately $4.51 per share. We will own approximately
11% of the outstanding shares of Agenus Inc.'s common stock after such purchase. We have agreed not to dispose of any of the shares of common stock for a period of 12 months and
Agenus Inc. has agreed to certain registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock.  

 


 


Pfizer   

         In January 2006, we entered into a Collaborative Research and License Agreement with Pfizer Inc. for the pursuit of our CCR2
antagonist program. Pfizer gained worldwide development and commercialization rights to our portfolio of CCR2 antagonist compounds. Pfizer's rights extend to the full scope of potential indications,
with the exception of multiple sclerosis and autoimmune nephritides, where we retained worldwide rights, along with certain compounds. We do not have obligations to Pfizer on pre-clinical development
candidates we select for pursuit in these indications. The agreement will terminate upon the expiration of the last to expire of patent rights licensed under the agreement. Prior to such expiration,
either party can terminate the agreement for the uncured material breach of the agreement by the other party or for the insolvency of the other party. In addition, Pfizer may terminate the agreement
at any time upon 90 days' notice. We received an upfront nonrefundable, non-creditable payment of $40.0 million in January 2006 and are eligible to receive additional future development
and milestone payments. We received a $3.0 million milestone payment from Pfizer in 2010.  


   
     


 


Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates          

         The preparation of financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates. We base our estimates on historical
experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form our basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  

         We
believe the following critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial
statements: 

 
 
 •  Revenue recognition;  
 •  Research and development costs;  
 
 55 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  Stock compensation;  
 •  Investments;  
 •  Inventory; and  
 •  Convertible debt accounting  
 

          Revenue Recognition.     Revenues are recognized when (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) delivery has
occurred or
services have been rendered, (3) the price is fixed or determinable and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Revenues are deferred for fees received before earned or until no
further obligations exist. We exercise judgment in determining that collectability is reasonably assured or that services have been delivered in accordance with the arrangement. We assess whether the
fee is fixed or determinable based on the payment terms associated with the transaction and
whether the sales price is subject to refund or adjustment. We assess collectability based primarily on the customer's payment history and on the creditworthiness of the customer. Our product revenues
consist of U.S. sales of JAKAFI and are recognized once we meet all four revenue recognition criteria described above. In November 2011, we began shipping JAKAFI to our specialty pharmacy customers,
which in turn dispense JAKAFI to patients in fulfillment of prescriptions.  

         We
recognize revenues for product received by our specialty pharmacy customers net of allowances for customer credits, including estimated rebates, chargebacks, discounts, returns,
distribution service fees, patient assistance programs, and Medicare Part D coverage gap reimbursements. Product shipping and handling costs are included in cost of product revenues.  

          Customer Credits:     Our specialty pharmacy customers are offered various forms of consideration, including allowances, service fees and
prompt payment
discounts. We expect our specialty pharmacy customers will earn prompt payment discounts and, therefore, we deduct the full amount of these discounts from total product sales when revenues are
recognized. Service fees are also deducted from total product sales as they are earned.  

          Rebates:     Allowances for rebates include mandated discounts under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. Rebate amounts are based upon
contractual
agreements or legal requirements with public sector (e.g., Medicaid) benefit providers. Rebates are amounts owed after the final dispensing of the product to a benefit plan participant and are
based upon contractual agreements or legal requirements with public sector benefit providers. The accrual for rebates is based on statutory discount rates and expected utilization as well as
historical data we have accumulated since product launch. Our estimates for expected utilization of rebates are based on data received from our specialty pharmacy customers. Rebates are generally
invoiced and paid in arrears so that the accrual balance consists of an estimate of the amount expected to be incurred for the current quarter's activity, plus an accrual balance for known prior
quarters' unpaid rebates. If actual future rebates vary from estimates, we may need to adjust prior period accruals, which would affect revenue in the period of adjustment.  

          Chargebacks:     Chargebacks are discounts that occur when contracted customers purchase directly from a specialty pharmacy, or an
intermediary
distributor. Contracted customers, which currently consist primarily of Public Health Service institutions, non-profit clinics, and Federal government entities purchasing via the Federal Supply
Schedule, generally purchase the product at a discounted price. The specialty pharmacy or distributor, in turn, charges back to us the difference between the price initially paid by the specialty
pharmacy or distributor and the discounted price paid to the specialty pharmacy or distributor by the customer. The accrual for chargebacks is based on the estimated contractual discounts on the
inventory levels on hand in our distribution channel. If actual future chargebacks vary from estimates, we may need to adjust prior period accruals, which would affect revenue in the period of
adjustment.  

 56 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

          Medicare Part D Coverage Gap:     Medicare Part D prescription drug benefit mandates manufacturers to fund 50% of the Medicare
Part D insurance coverage gap for prescription drugs sold to eligible patients. Our estimates for the expected Medicare Part D coverage gap are based on historical invoices received and
in part from data received from our specialty pharmacy customers. Funding of the coverage gap is generally invoiced and paid in arrears so that the accrual balance consists of an estimate of the
amount expected to be incurred for the current quarter's activity, plus an accrual balance for known prior quarters. If actual future funding varies from estimates, we may need to adjust prior period
accruals, which would affect revenue in the period of adjustment.  

          Co-payment assistance:     Patients who have commercial insurance and meet certain eligibility requirements may receive co-payment
assistance. We accrue
a liability for co-payment assistance based on actual program participation and estimates of program redemption using data provided by third-party administrators.  

 

 


 


 Product Royalty Revenues    

 

         Royalty revenues on commercial sales for JAKAVI by Novartis are estimated based on information provided by Novartis. We exercise
judgment in determining whether the information provided is sufficiently reliable for us to base our royalty revenue recognition thereon. If actual royalties vary from estimates, we may need to adjust
prior period which would affect royalty revenue in the period of adjustment.  

 

 


 


 Cost of Product Revenues    

 

         Cost of product revenues includes all JAKAFI related costs that are recoverable through the commercialization of the product. Beginning
in October 2014, we became
obligated to pay tiered, low-single digit royalties to Novartis on all future sales of JAKAFI in the United States, which are included in cost of product revenues.  

 

 


 


 Contract and License Revenues    

 

         Under agreements involving multiple deliverables, services and/or rights to use assets that we entered into prior to January 1,
2011, the multiple elements are divided into separate units of accounting when certain criteria are met, including whether the delivered items have stand-alone value to the customer and whether there
is objective and reliable evidence of the fair value of the undelivered items. When separate units of accounting exist, consideration is allocated among the separate elements based on their respective
fair values. The determination of fair value of each element is based on objective evidence from historical sales of the individual elements by us to other customers. If such evidence of fair value
for each undelivered element of the arrangement does not exist, all revenue from the arrangement is deferred until such time that evidence of fair value for each undelivered element does exist or
until all elements of the arrangement are delivered. When elements are specifically tied to a separate earnings process, revenue is recognized when the specific performance obligation tied to the
element is completed. When revenues for an element are not specifically tied to a separate earnings process, they are recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. We assess whether a substantive
milestone exists at the inception of our agreements. For all milestones within our arrangements that are considered substantive, we recognize revenue upon the achievement of the associated milestone.
If a milestone is not considered substantive, we would recognize the applicable milestone payment over the remaining period of performance under the arrangement. As of December 31, 2014, all
remaining potential milestones under our collaborative arrangements are considered substantive.  

         On
January 1, 2011, updated guidance on the recognition of revenues for agreements with multiple deliverables became effective and applies to any agreements we may enter into on
or after January 1, 2011. This updated guidance (i) relates to whether multiple deliverables exist, how the deliverables in a revenue  

 57 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 arrangement
should be separated and how the consideration should be allocated; (ii) requires companies to allocate revenues in an arrangement using estimated selling prices of deliverables if a
vendor does not have vendor-specific objective evidence or third-party evidence of selling price; and (iii) eliminates the use of the residual method and requires companies to allocate revenues
using the relative selling price method. During the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we did not enter into any agreements that are subject to this updated guidance. If we enter
into an agreement with multiple
deliverables after January 1, 2011 or amend existing agreements, this updated guidance could have a material effect on our financial statements.  

         Our
collaborations often include contractual milestones, which typically relate to the achievement of pre-specified development, regulatory and commercialization events. These three
categories of milestone events reflect the three stages of the life-cycle of our drugs, which we describe in more detail in the following paragraphs.  

         The
regulatory review and approval process, which includes preclinical testing and clinical trials of each drug candidate, is lengthy, expensive and uncertain. Securing approval by the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the FDA for each indication to establish a drug candidate's
safety and efficacy. The approval process takes many years, requires the expenditure of substantial resources, involves post-marketing surveillance and may involve ongoing requirements for
post-marketing studies. Before commencing clinical investigations of a drug candidate in humans, we must submit an Investigational New Drug application (IND), which must be reviewed by the FDA.  

         The
steps generally required before a drug may be marketed in the United States include preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies, submission to the FDA of an
IND for human clinical testing, performance of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials in three phases, as described below, to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug for each indication,
submission of a new drug application (NDA) or biologics license application (BLA) to the FDA for review and FDA approval of the NDA or BLA.  

         Similar
requirements exist within foreign regulatory agencies as well. The time required satisfying the FDA requirements or similar requirements of foreign regulatory agencies may vary
substantially based on the type, complexity and novelty of the product or the targeted disease.  

         Preclinical
testing includes laboratory evaluation of product pharmacology, drug metabolism, and toxicity, which includes animal studies, to assess potential safety and efficacy as well
as product chemistry, stability, formulation, development, and testing. The results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information and analytical data, are submitted to the FDA as
part of an IND. The FDA may raise safety concerns or questions about the conduct of the clinical trials included in the IND, and any of these concerns or questions must be resolved before clinical
trials can proceed. We cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational drug or
the marketed drug to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators and in accordance with good clinical practices regulations covering the protection of human subjects. Clinical
trials typically are conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap or be combined. Phase I usually involves the initial introduction of the investigational drug into healthy
volunteers to evaluate its safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion. Phase II usually involves clinical trials in a limited patient population to evaluate
dosage tolerance and optimal dosage, identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, and evaluate and gain preliminary evidence of the efficacy of the drug for specific indications.
Phase III clinical trials usually further evaluate clinical efficacy and safety by testing the
drug in its final form in an expanded patient population, providing statistical evidence of efficacy and safety, and providing an adequate basis for labeling. We cannot guarantee that Phase I,
Phase II or Phase III testing will be completed successfully within any specified period of time, if at all. Furthermore, we, the institutional review board for a trial, or  

 58 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 the
FDA may suspend clinical trials at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk.  

         Generally,
the milestone events contained in our collaboration agreements coincide with the progression of our drugs from development, to regulatory approval and then to
commercialization. The process of successfully discovering a new development candidate, having it approved and successfully commercialized is highly uncertain. As such, the milestone payments we may
earn from our partners involve a significant degree of risk to achieve. Therefore, as a drug candidate progresses through the stages of its life-cycle, the value of the drug candidate generally
increases.  

          Research and Development Costs.     Our policy is to expense research and development costs as incurred. We often contract with
clinical research
organizations (CROs) to facilitate, coordinate and perform agreed upon research and development of a new drug. To ensure that research and development costs are expensed as incurred, we record monthly
accruals for clinical trials and preclinical testing costs based on the work performed under the contract.  


         These
CRO contracts typically call for the payment of fees for services at the initiation of the contract and/or upon the achievement of certain clinical trial milestones. In the event
that we prepay CRO fees, we record the prepayment as a prepaid asset and amortize the asset into research and development expense over the period of time the contracted research and development
services are performed. Most professional fees, including project and clinical management, data management, monitoring, and medical writing fees are incurred throughout the contract period. These
professional fees are expensed based on their percentage of completion at a particular date. Our CRO contracts generally include pass through fees. Pass through fees include, but are not limited to,
regulatory expenses, investigator fees, travel costs, and other miscellaneous costs, including shipping and printing fees. We expense the costs of pass through fees under our CRO contracts as they are
incurred, based on the best information available to us at the time. The estimates of the pass through fees incurred are based on the amount of work completed for the clinical trial and are monitored
through correspondence with the CROs, internal reviews and a review of contractual terms. The factors utilized to derive the estimates include the number of patients enrolled, duration of the clinical
trial, estimated patient attrition, screening rate and length of the dosing regimen. CRO fees incurred to set up the clinical trial are expensed during the setup period.  


         Under
our clinical trial collaboration agreements, we may be reimbursed for certain development costs incurred. Such costs are recorded as a reduction of research and development expense
in the period in which the related expense is incurred.  

          Stock Compensation.     Share-based payment transactions with employees, which include stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs)
and performance
shares (PSUs), are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period based on their estimated fair values on the dates of grant. The stock compensation process requires significant
judgment and the use of estimates, particularly surrounding Black-Scholes assumptions such as stock price volatility over the option term and expected option lives, as well as expected forfeiture
rates and the probability of PSUs vesting. The fair value of stock options, which are subject to graded vesting, are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period using the
accelerated attribution method. The fair value of RSUs, which are generally subject to cliff vesting, are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period using the straight line
attribution method. The fair value of PSUs are recognized as compensation expense beginning at the time in which the performance conditions are deemed probable of achievement, over the remaining
requisite service period. We recorded $62.2 million, $38.4 million and $38.5 million of stock compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively.  

         Investments.     We carry our investments at their respective fair values. We periodically evaluate the fair values of our
investments to determine
whether any declines in the fair value of investments represent an other-than-temporary impairment. This evaluation consists of a review of several factors, including the  

 59 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 length
of time and extent that a security has been in an unrealized loss position, the existence of an event that would impair the issuer's future repayment potential, the near term prospects for
recovery of the market value of a security and if we intend to sell or if it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If
management determines that such an impairment exists, we would recognize an impairment charge. Because we may determine that market or business conditions may lead us to sell our marketable securities
prior to maturity, we classify our marketable securities as "available-for-sale." Investments in securities that are classified as available-for-sale and have readily determinable fair values are
measured at fair market value in the balance sheets, and unrealized holding gains and losses for these investments are reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity until realized. We
classify marketable securities that are available for use in current operations as current assets on the consolidated balance sheets.  

          Inventory.     Inventories are determined at the lower of cost or market value with cost determined under the specific
identification method and may
consist of raw materials, work in process and finished goods. We began capitalizing inventory in mid-November 2011 once the FDA approved JAKAFI as the related costs were expected to be recoverable
through the commercialization of the product. Costs incurred prior to approval of JAKAFI have been recorded as research and development expense in our statements of operations. As a result, cost of
product revenues for approximately the next 21 to 24 months will reflect a lower average per unit cost of materials.  

         The
raw materials and work-in-process inventory is not subject to expiration and the shelf life for finished goods inventory is 36 months from the start of manufacturing of the
finished goods. We evaluate for potential excess inventory by analyzing current and future product demand relative to the remaining product shelf life. We build demand forecasts by considering factors
such as, but not limited to, overall market potential, market share, market acceptance and patient usage. We classify inventory as current on the consolidated balance sheets when we expect inventory
to be consumed for commercial use within the next twelve months.  

          Convertible Debt Accounting.     We perform an assessment of all embedded features of a debt instrument to determine if
(1) such features should
be bifurcated and separately accounted for, and (2) if bifurcation requirements are met, whether such features should be classified and accounted for as equity or liability instruments. If the
embedded feature meets the requirements to be bifurcated and accounted for as a liability, the fair value of the embedded feature is measured initially, included as a liability on the consolidated
balance sheet, and re-measured to fair value at each reporting period. Any changes in fair value are recorded in the consolidated statement of operations. We monitor, on an ongoing basis, whether
events or circumstances could give rise to a change in our classification of embedded features.  

         We
determined the embedded conversion options in the 0.375% convertible senior notes due 2018 (the 2018 Notes) and the 1.25% convertible senior notes due 2020 (the 2020 Notes) are not
required to be separately accounted for as derivatives. However, since the 2018 Notes and the 2020 Notes can be settled in cash or common shares or a combination of cash and common shares at our
option, we are required to separate the 2018 Notes and 2020 Notes into a liability and equity component. The carrying amount of the liability component is calculated by measuring the fair value of a
similar liability that does not have an associated equity component. The carrying amount of the equity component representing the embedded conversion option is determined by deducting the fair value
of the liability component from the initial proceeds. The excess of the principal amount of the liability component over its carrying amount is amortized to interest expense over the expected life of
the 2018 Notes and 2020 Notes using the effective interest method. The equity component is not re-measured as long as it continues to meet the conditions for equity classification for contracts in an
entity's own equity.  


         The
fair value of the liability component of the 2018 Notes was estimated at $299.4 million at issuance. Therefore, the difference between the $375.0 million face value of
the 2018 Notes and the $299.4 million  

 60 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 estimated
fair value of the liability component will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2018 Notes through November 15, 2018 using the effective interest method.  


         The
fair value of the liability component of the 2020 Notes was estimated at $274.8 million at issuance. Therefore, the difference between the $375.0 million face value of
the 2020 Notes and the $274.8 million estimated fair value of the liability component will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2020 Notes through November 15, 2020
using the effective interest method.  

         The
estimated fair value of the liability components at the date of issuance for the 2018 Notes and 2020 Notes were determined using valuation models and are complex and subject to
judgment. Significant assumptions within the valuation models included an implied credit spread, the expected volatility and dividend yield of our common stock and the risk free interest rate for
notes with a similar term.  

         Prior
to May 14, 2014, the 2018 Notes and 2020 Notes were not convertible except in connection with a make-whole fundamental change, as defined in the respective indentures.
Beginning on, and including, May 15, 2014, the 2018 Notes and 2020 Notes are convertible prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding May 15, 2018, in the
case of the 2018 Notes, and May 15, 2020, in the case of the 2020 Notes, only under the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter
ending on March 31, 2014 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period
of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price for the 2018 Notes or 2020 Notes,
as applicable, on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period (the measurement period) in which the trading price per
$1,000 principal amount of 2018 Notes or 2020 Notes, as applicable, for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock
and the conversion rate for the 2018 Notes or 2020 Notes, as applicable, on each such trading day; or (3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after May 15, 2018, in
the case of the 2018 Notes, and May 15, 2020, in the case of the 2020 Notes, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the relevant maturity date,
the Notes are convertible at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Upon conversion we will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and
shares of common stock, at our election.  

         On
a quarterly basis, we perform an assessment in order to determine whether the 2018 Notes or 2020 Notes have become convertible at the option of the holder, based on meeting any of the
conversion criteria described above. Should either the 2018 Notes or the 2020 Notes become convertible, we then assess our intent and ability to settle the 2018 Notes or the 2020 Notes in cash, shares
of common
stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, in order to determine the appropriate classification of the 2018 Notes and the 2020 Notes at the balance sheet date. On January 1,
2015, the 2018 Notes and 2020 Notes became convertible through at least March 31, 2015, based on meeting the conversion criteria related to the sale price of our common stock during the
calendar quarter ended December 31, 2014 as described above. Management's intent is to settle any conversions of 2018 Notes or 2020 Notes in common shares and, therefore, the 2018 and 2020
Notes are reflected in long term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2014.  

 61 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 

 Table of Contents   


   
     


 


Results of Operations          

 


 


Years Ended December 31, 2014 and 2013   

         We recorded net losses for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 of $48.5 million and $83.1 million,
respectively. On a basic and diluted per share basis, net loss was $0.29 and $0.56 for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

 


 


Revenues   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended, 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Product revenues, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 357.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 235.4 
   
 
 
   Product royalty revenues 
   
   
 49.0 
   
   
 28.3 
   
 
 
   Contract revenues 
   
   
 104.8 
   
   
 91.0 
   
 
 
   Other revenues 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenues 
   
 
 
$ 
 511.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 354.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Our
product revenues, net from JAKAFI for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, were $357.6 million and $235.4 million, respectively. This increase was
comprised of a volume increase of $92.3 million and a price increase of $29.9 million. Product revenues from the sale of JAKAFI are recorded net of estimated product returns, pricing
discounts including rebates offered pursuant to mandatory federal and state government programs and chargebacks, prompt pay discounts and distribution fees and co-pay assistance. Our revenue
recognition policies require estimates of the aforementioned sales allowances each period.  

         The
following table provides a summary of activity with respect to our sales allowances and accruals for the year ended December 31, 2014:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Year Ended December 31, 2014

 

  
   
 Discounts and 
Distribution 
Fees  
   
 Government 
Rebates and 
Chargebacks  
   
 Co-Pay 
Assistance 
and Other 
Discounts  
   
 Product 
Returns  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   Balance at January 1, 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 803 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,435 
   
 
 
$ 
 108 
   
 
 
$ 
 292 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,638 
   
 
 
   Allowances for current period sales 
   
   
 11,055 
   
   
 28,377 
   
   
 874 
   
   
 625 
   
   
 40,931 
   
 
 
   Allowances for prior period sales 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (188 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 370 
   
   
 182 
   
 
 
   Credits/payments for current period sales 
   
   
 (8,998 
 ) 
   
 (20,734 
 ) 
   
 (755 
 ) 
   
 (226 
 ) 
   
 (30,713 
 ) 
 
 
   Credits/payments for prior period sales         
   
   
 (803 
 ) 
   
 (2,984 
 ) 
   
 (108 
 ) 
   
 (662 
 ) 
   
 (4,557 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,057 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,906 
   
 
 
$ 
 119 
   
 
 
$ 
 399 
   
 
 
$ 
 10,481  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Government
rebates and chargebacks are the most significant component of our sales allowances. Increases in certain government reimbursement rates are limited to a measure of inflation,
and when the price of a drug increases faster than this measure of inflation it will result in a penalty adjustment factor that causes a larger sales allowance to those government related entities. We
expect government rebates and chargebacks as a percentage of our gross product sales will continue to increase in connection with any future JAKAFI price increases greater than the rate of inflation,
and any such increase in these government rebates and chargebacks will have a negative impact on our reported product revenues, net.  

         We
expect our sales allowances to fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the Medicare Part D Coverage Gap, the volume of purchases eligible for government mandated
discounts and rebates as well as changes in discount percentages which are impacted by potential future price increases, rate of inflation, and other factors.  

 62 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

         Product
royalty revenues on commercial sales for JAKAVI by Novartis are based on net sales of licensed products in licensed territories as provided by Novartis. Our net product royalty
revenues for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, were $49.0 million and $28.3 million, respectively. Future product royalty revenues on commercial sales for JAKAVI by
Novartis could be impacted by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.  

         Our
contract revenues were $104.8 million and $91.0 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, contract revenues were
derived from the straight line recognition of revenue associated with the Novartis and Lilly upfront fees over the estimated performance periods as well as milestone payments earned during the
periods. The upfront fees related to the Novartis agreement included a $150.0 million upfront payment received in 2009, a $60.0 million immediate milestone payment received in 2010 and
$10.9 million of reimbursable costs incurred prior to the effective date of the agreement. The upfront fees related to the Lilly agreement consisted of a $90.0 million upfront payment
received in 2010. The increase from 2013 to 2014 primarily relates to recognition of $92.0 million in milestone payments from Novartis in 2014 compared to the recognition of $25.0 from Novartis
in 2013 and $53.2 million of amortization of the Novartis upfront payment in 2013, through the substantive completion date of our performance obligation with Novartis.  

 


 


Cost of Product Revenues   

         We began capitalizing inventory in mid-November 2011 once the FDA approved JAKAFI as the related costs were expected to be recoverable
through the commercialization of the product. Costs incurred prior to FDA approval of $9.6 million were recorded as research and development expenses in our statements of operations prior to
commercialization of JAKAFI. At December 31, 2014, inventory with $2.3 million of product costs incurred prior to FDA approval had not yet been sold. We expect to sell the
pre-commercialization inventory over the next 24 months; however, the time period over which this inventory is consumed will depend on a number of factors, including the amount of future JAKAFI
sales, and the ability to utilize inventory prior to its expiration date. As a result, cost of product revenues for the next 24 months will reflect a lower average per unit cost of materials.
Commencing in October 2014, we became obligated to pay tiered, low-single digit royalties to Novartis on all sales of JAKAFI in the United States, which is included in cost of product revenues.  

         Cost
of product revenues was $3.0 million and $0.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Cost of product revenues increased from 2013
to 2014 due to increased JAKAFI sales and our obligation that commenced in October 2014 to pay royalties to Novartis on all JAKAFI sales in the United States. We expect future cost of product revenues
to range in the mid-single digits as a percentage of net product sales subsequent to the utilization of all of the remaining pre-launch inventory.  


 


 


Operating Expenses   

 

 


 


Research and development expenses   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended, 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Salary and benefits related 
   
 
 
$ 
 92.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 73.3 
   
 
 
   Stock compensation 
   
   
 33.9 
   
   
 26.2 
   
 
 
   Clinical research and outside services 
   
   
 186.1 
   
   
 131.8 
   
 
 
   Occupancy and all other costs 
   
   
 35.0 
   
   
 29.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total research and development expenses 
   
 

 
$ 
 347.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 260.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  63 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         We
currently account for research and development costs by natural expense line and not costs by project. Salary and benefits related expense increased from 2013 to 2014 due primarily to
increased development headcount to sustain our development pipeline. Stock compensation expense may fluctuate from period to period based on the number of options granted, stock price volatility and
expected option lives, as well as expected option forfeiture rates which are used to value equity-based compensation. The increase in clinical research and outside services expense from 2013 to 2014
was primarily the result of increased development costs. Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 were net of $4.3 million, $5.1 million,
respectively, of costs reimbursed by our collaborative partners. Research and development expenses may fluctuate from period to period depending upon the stage of certain projects and the level of
pre-clinical and clinical trial related activities. Many factors can affect the cost and timing of our clinical trials, including requests by regulatory agencies for more information, inconclusive
results requiring additional clinical trials, slow patient enrollment, adverse side effects among patients, insufficient supplies for our clinical trials and real or perceived lack of effectiveness or
safety of our investigational drugs in our clinical trials. In addition, the development of all of our products will be subject to extensive governmental regulation. These factors make it difficult
for us to predict the timing and costs of the further development and approval of our products.  

         In
July 2010, we elected to co-develop baricitinib with Lilly in rheumatoid arthritis and we are responsible for funding 30% of the associated future global development costs for this
indication from the initiation of the Phase IIb trial through regulatory approval. Research and development expenses
recorded under the Lilly agreement representing 30% of the global development costs for baricitinib for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis were $49.3 million and $52.4 million for the
years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. We have retained certain mechanisms to give us cost protection as baricitinib advances in clinical development. We can defer our portion of
co-development study costs by indication if they exceed a predetermined level. This deferment would be credited against future milestones or royalties and we would still be eligible for the full
incremental royalties related to the co-development option. In addition, even if we have started co-development funding for any indication, we can at any time opt out, which will stop future
co-development cost sharing. If we elect to do this we would still be eligible for our base royalties plus an incremental pro-rated royalty commensurate with our contribution to the total
co-development cost for those indications for which we contributed funding.  

 

 


 


Selling, general and administrative expenses   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended, 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 ($ in millions) 
   
 
 
   Salary and benefits related 
   
 
 
$ 
 52.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 35.2 
   
 
 
   Stock compensation 
   
   
 28.3 
   
   
 12.2 
   
 
 
   Other contract services and outside costs 
   
   
 84.8 
   
   
 62.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
 
 
$ 
 165.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 110.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Salary
and benefits related expense increased from 2013 to 2014 due to increased headcount. This increased headcount was due primarily to the ongoing commercialization efforts related to
JAKAFI for intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis and preparation for the commercial launch in uncontrolled polycythemia vera in December 2014. Stock compensation expense may fluctuate from period to
period based on the number of options granted, stock price volatility and expected option lives, as well as expected option forfeiture rates which are used to value equity-based compensation. The
increase in other contract services and outside costs was primarily the result of marketing activities for JAKAFI for intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis and preparation for the commercial launch
in uncontrolled polycythemia vera in December 2014.  

 64 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Other income (expense)   

         Interest and other income, net.     Interest and other income, net, for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 was
$3.4 million and
$1.3 million, respectively.  

          Interest expense.     Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, was $46.8 million and $38.7 million,
respectively. Included in interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, were $35.7 million and $23.8 million, respectively, of non-cash charges to amortize the
discounts on our 4.75% convertible senior notes due 2015 (the 2015 Notes), the 2018 Notes and the 2020 Notes.  


         Debt exchange expense on senior note conversions.     Debt exchange expense on senior note conversions for the years ended December 31,
2014 and
2013 was $0.3 million and $11.5 million, respectively, and was related to the exchange of $4.9 million and $186.0 million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of
our 2015 Notes for the underlying shares of common stock and cash.  

          Loss on repurchase of convertible senior notes.     Loss on repurchase of convertible senior notes for the year ended December 31,
2013, was
$17.9 million and was related to the repurchase of $117.3 million in aggregate principal amount of our 2015 Notes.  

 


 


Years Ended December 31, 2013 and 2012   

         We recorded net losses for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 of $83.1 million and $44.3 million,
respectively. On a basic and diluted per share basis, net loss was $0.56 and $0.34 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  

 


 


Revenues   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended, 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Product revenues, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 235.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 136.0 
   
 
 
   Product royalty revenues 
   
   
 28.3 
   
   
 3.7 
   
 
 
   Contract revenues 
   
   
 91.0 
   
   
 156.9 
   
 
 
   Other revenues 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 0.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenues 
   
 
 
$ 
 354.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 297.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Our
product revenues, net from JAKAFI for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, were $235.4 million and $136.0 million, respectively. This increase was
comprised of a volume increase of $82.0 million and a price increase of $17.4 million.  

         Prior
to the three months ended September 30, 2012, we used the sell- through method for revenue recognition as we had limited historical data on product returns. Under the
sell-through method, we deferred revenue until the patients received JAKAFI. In the three months ended September 30, 2012, we determined that we had sufficient experience with product returns
and transitioned to the sell-in method for recognizing revenue, under which we recognize revenue for product sales of JAKAFI at the time the product is received by our specialty pharmacy customers.  

 65 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         The
following table provides a summary of activity with respect to our sales allowances and accruals for the year ended December 31, 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Year Ended December 31, 2013

 

  
   
 Discounts and 
Distribution 
Fees  
   
 Government 
Rebates and 
Chargebacks  
   
 Co-Pay 
Assistance 
and Other 
Discounts  
   
 Product 
Returns  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   Balance at January 1, 2013 
   
 
 
$ 
 464 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,815 
   
 
 
$ 
 103 
   
 
 
$ 
 256 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,638 
   
 
 
   Allowances for current period sales 
   
   
 6,877 
   
   
 14,558 
   
   
 616 
   
   
 445 
   
   
 22,496 
   
 
 
   Allowances for prior period sales 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (461 
 ) 
   
 (4 
 ) 
   
 58 
   
   
 (407 
 ) 
 
 
   Credits/payments for current period sales 
   
   
 (6,439 
 ) 
   
 (11,203 
 ) 
   
 (541 
 ) 
   
 (144 
 ) 
   
 (18,327 
 ) 
 
 
   Credits/payments for prior period sales         
   
   
 (99 
 ) 
   
 (1,274 
 ) 
   
 (66 
 ) 
   
 (323 
 ) 
   
 (1,762 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
 
 
$ 
 803 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,435 
   
 
 
$ 
 108 
   
 
 
$ 
 292 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,638  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Government
rebates and chargebacks are the most significant component of our sales allowances. Increases in certain government reimbursement rates are limited to a measure of inflation,
and when the price of a drug increases faster than this measure of inflation it will result in a penalty adjustment factor that causes a larger sales allowance to those government related entities.  

         Product
royalty revenues on commercial sales for JAKAVI by Novartis are based on net sales of licensed products in licensed territories as provided by Novartis. Our net product royalty
revenues for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, were $28.3 million and $3.7 million, respectively.  

         Our
contract revenues were $91.0 million and $156.9 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, contract revenues were
derived from the straight line recognition of revenue associated with the Novartis and Lilly upfront fees over the estimated performance periods as well as milestone payments earned during the
periods. The upfront fees related to the Novartis agreement included a $150.0 million upfront payment received in 2009, a $60.0 million immediate milestone payment received in 2010 and
$10.9 million of reimbursable costs incurred prior to the effective date of the agreement. The upfront fees related to the Lilly agreement consisted of a $90.0 million upfront payment
received in 2010. The decrease from 2012 to 2013 primarily relates to recognition of $90.0 million in milestone payments from Novartis and Lilly in 2012 compared to the recognition of
$25.0 million in milestone payments from Novartis in 2013.  

 


 


Cost of Product Revenues   

         We began capitalizing inventory in mid-November 2011 once the FDA approved JAKAFI as the related costs were expected to be recoverable
through the commercialization of the product. Costs incurred prior to FDA approval of $9.6 million were recorded as research and development expenses in our statements of operations prior to
commercialization of JAKAFI. At December 31, 2013, inventory with $4.3 million of product costs incurred prior to FDA approval had not yet been sold. Cost of product revenues was
$0.6 million and $0.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  

 66 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 


 


Operating Expenses   

 

 


 


Research and development expenses   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended, 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Salary and benefits related 
   
 
 
$ 
 73.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 62.3 
   
 
 
   Stock compensation 
   
   
 26.2 
   
   
 25.5 
   
 
 
   Clinical research and outside services 
   
   
 131.8 
   
   
 97.7 
   
 
 
   Occupancy and all other costs 
   
   
 29.1 
   
   
 24.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total research and development expenses 
   
 

 
$ 
 260.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 210.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Salary
and benefits related expense increased from 2012 to 2013 due to increased development headcount to sustain our development pipeline. Stock compensation expense may fluctuate from
period to period based on the number of options granted, stock price volatility and expected option lives, as well as expected option forfeiture rates which are used to value equity-based
compensation. The increase in clinical research and outside services expense from 2012 to 2013 was primarily the result of increased development costs. Research and development expenses for the years
ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were net of $5.1 million, $4.5 million, respectively, of costs reimbursed by our collaborative partners.  

         Research
and development expenses recorded under the Lilly agreement representing 30% of the global development costs for baricitinib for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis were
$52.4 million and $18.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  

 

 


 


Selling, general and administrative expenses   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended, 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 ($ in millions) 
   
 
 
   Salary and benefits related 
   
 
 
$ 
 35.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 31.0 
   
 
 
   Stock compensation 
   
   
 12.2 
   
   
 13.0 
   
 
 
   Other contract services and outside costs 
   
   
 62.6 
   
   
 41.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
 
 
$ 
 110.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 85.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Salary
and benefits related expense increased from 2012 to 2013 due to increased headcount. This increased headcount was due to the commercialization efforts related to JAKAFI for
intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis. Stock compensation expense may fluctuate from period to period based on the number of options granted, stock price volatility and expected option lives, as
well as expected option forfeiture rates which are used to value equity-based compensation. The increase in other contract services and outside costs was primarily the result of marketing activities
for JAKAFI for intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis.  

 


 


Other income (expense)   

          Interest and other income, net.     Interest and other income, net, for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 was
$1.3 million and
$0.8 million, respectively.  

         Interest expense.     Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, was $38.7 million and $46.1 million,
respectively. Included in interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2013 and  

 67 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 2012,
were $23.8 million and $27.1 million, respectively, of non-cash charges to amortize the discounts on our 2015 Notes, the 2018 Notes and the 2020 Notes.  

          Debt exchange expense on senior note conversions.     Debt exchange expense on senior note conversions for the year ended December 31,
2013, was
$11.5 million and was related to the exchange of $186.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 2015 Notes for the underlying shares of common stock and cash.  


         Loss on repurchase of convertible senior notes.     Loss on repurchase of convertible senior notes for the year ended December 31, 2013,
 was
$17.9 million and was related to the repurchase of $117.3 million in aggregate principal amount of our 2015 Notes.  


   
     


 


Liquidity and Capital Resources          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   December 31: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities 
   
 
 
$ 
 600.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 509.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 228.4 
   
 
 
   Working capital 
   
 
 
$ 
 477.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 447.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 173.4 
   
 
 
   Year ended December 31: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash provided by (used in): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Operating activities 
   
 
 
$ 
 26.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 9.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 (94.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Investing activities 
   
 
 
$ 
 (138.4 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (37.4 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (2.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Financing activities 
   
 
 
$ 
 93.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 275.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 47.7 
   
 
 
   Capital expenditures (included in investing activities above) 
   
 
 
$ 
 (27.9 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (4.3 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (2.8 
 ) 
 
 
 
  
  

 


 


Sources and Uses of Cash.   

 

         We had net losses from inception in 1991 through 1996 and in 1999 through December 31, 2014. Because of those losses, we had an
accumulated deficit of $1.8 billion as of December 31, 2014. We have funded our research and development operations through sales of equity securities, the issuance of convertible notes,
cash received from customers, and collaborative arrangements. At December 31, 2014, we had available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $600.3 million. Our cash and
marketable securities balances are held in a variety of interest-bearing instruments, including money market accounts, corporate debt securities and U.S. government agency and non-agency
mortgage-backed securities. Available cash is invested in accordance with our investment policy's primary objectives of liquidity, safety of principal and diversity of investments.  

          Cash provided by (used in) operating activities.     The $17.1 million increase in cash provided by operating activities from 2013 to
2014 was due
primarily due a lower net loss, increased non-cash depreciation and amortization and changes in working capital. The $104.0 million decrease in cash used in operating activities from 2012 to
2013 was due primarily to timing of milestone receipts in 2013 and other changes in working capital.  

          Cash used in investing activities.     Our investing activities, other than purchases, sales and maturities of marketable securities, have
consisted
predominantly of capital expenditures and sales and purchases of long-term investments. In the future, net cash used by investing activities may fluctuate significantly from period to period due to
the timing of strategic equity investments, acquisitions and capital expenditures and maturities/sales and purchases of marketable securities.  


         Cash provided by financing activities.     During 2014, net cash provided by financing activities was $93.1 million, consisting
primarily of
proceeds from issuance of common stock under our stock plans and employee stock purchase plan. During 2013, net cash provided by financing activities was
$275.6 million, consisting of $728.7 million of net proceeds from the issuance of our 2018 Notes and our 2020 Notes and  

 68 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 $73.2 million
of proceeds from issuance of common stock under our stock plans and employee stock purchase plan, offset by $500.0 million related to the repurchase of
$117.3 million aggregate principal amount of our 2015 Notes, $11.5 million related to the exchange of $186.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 2015 Notes for the
underlying shares of common stock and cash, and $15.0 million related to a letter of credit for the facility lease for the benefit of the landlord. During 2012, net cash provided by financing
activities was $47.7 million of proceeds from issuance of common stock under our stock plans and employee stock purchase plan.  


         The
following summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of December 31, 2014 and the effect those obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in
future periods (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Total  
   
 Less Than 
1 Year  
   
 Years 
1 - 3  
   
 Years 
4 - 5  
   
 Over 
5 Years  
   
 
 
   Contractual Obligations: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Principal on convertible senior debt 
   
 
 
$ 
 840.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 90.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 375.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 375.0 
   
 
 
   Interest on convertible senior debt 
   
   
 38.1 
   
   
 10.4 
   
   
 12.2 
   
   
 10.8 
   
   
 4.7 
   
 
 
   Non-cancelable lease obligations: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Related to corporate headquarters 
   
   
 88.5 
   
   
 6.7 
   
   
 12.0 
   
   
 12.1 
   
   
 57.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total contractual obligations 
   
 

 
$ 
 967.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 108.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 24.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 397.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 437.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          We
have entered into and may in the future seek to license additional rights relating to technologies or drug development candidates in connection with our drug discovery and development
programs. Under these licenses, we may be required to pay up-front fees, milestone payments, and royalties on sales of future products. The table above does not reflect any future potential payments,
including the Agenus upfront payment of $25.0 million and related stock purchase of $35.0 million which we expect to make in the first quarter of 2015.  


         We
believe that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for at least the next twelve months. Our cash requirements depend on
numerous factors, including our expenditures in connection with our drug discovery and development programs and commercialization operations; expenditures in connection with litigation or other legal
proceedings; competing technological and market developments; the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property rights; our receipt of any
milestone or other payments under any collaborative agreements we may enter into, including the agreements with Novartis, Lilly and Pfizer; the extent to which commercialization of JAKAFI is
successful; expenditures in connection with potential exchanges of our outstanding convertible senior notes; and expenditures in connection with strategic relationships and license agreements,
including our agreement with Agenus, strategic equity investments or potential acquisitions. Changes in our research and development or commercialization plans or other changes affecting our operating
expenses may result in changes in the timing and amount of expenditures of our capital resources.  

         Until
we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenues to finance our cash requirements, which we may never do, we expect to finance future cash needs primarily through public or
private equity offerings, debt financings, borrowings or strategic collaborations. The sale of equity or additional convertible debt securities in the future may be dilutive to our stockholders, and
may provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our holders of common stock. Debt financing arrangements
may require us to pledge certain assets or enter into covenants that could restrict our operations or our ability to incur further indebtedness. We do not know whether additional funding will be
available on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are not able to secure additional funding when needed, we may have to scale back our operations, delay or eliminate one or more of our research or
development programs, or attempt to obtain funds by entering into an agreement with a collaborator or licensee that would result in  

 69 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 terms
that are not favorable to us or relinquishing our rights in certain of our proprietary technologies or drug candidates.  

   
     



 


Off Balance Sheet Arrangements          

         We have no off-balance sheet arrangements other than those that are discussed above.   

   
       Item 7A.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk          

         Our investments in marketable securities, which are composed primarily of U.S. government agency and non-agency mortgage-backed
securities and corporate debt securities, are subject to default, changes in credit rating and changes in market value. These investments are also subject to interest rate risk and will decrease in
value if market rate interest rates increase. As of December 31, 2014, marketable securities were $148.0 million. Due to the nature of these investments, if market interest rates were to
increase immediately and uniformly by 10% from levels as of December 31, 2014, the decline in fair value would not be material.  

 70 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 

 Table of Contents   


       Item 8.     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data          

   
   INDEX          

 
   
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Page  
 
 
   Consolidated Financial Statements of Incyte Corporation 
   
   
 
 
   Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
 72 
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 
   
 73 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
   
 74 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
   
 75 
 
 
   Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
   
 76 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 
   
 77 
 
 
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
 78 
 
 
   Interim Consolidated Financial Information (unaudited) 
   
 104 
 
 
 
 
  
  71 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 Table of Contents   

   

  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

 The
Board of Directors and Stockholders of Incyte Corporation  

         We
have audited the consolidated balance sheets of Incyte Corporation as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss,
stockholders' deficit and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

         We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

         In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Incyte Corporation, at December 31,
2014 and 2013, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles.  

         We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Incyte Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013
framework) and our report dated February 17, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP   
 
 
 
  
  Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania 
February 17, 2015  

 72 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 Table of Contents   

   

 
INCYTE CORPORATION   

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

  (in thousands, except number of shares and par value)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   ASSETS 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 452,297 
   
 
 
$ 
 471,429 
   
 
 
   Marketable securities—available-for-sale 
   
   
 147,966 
   
   
 37,575 
   
 
 
   Restricted investments 
   
   
 500 
   
   
 500 
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
   
 57,933 
   
   
 35,374 
   
 
 
   Inventory 
   
   
 358 
   
   
 406 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 19,641 
   
   
 895 
   
 
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
   
   
 20,519 
   
   
 9,620  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total current assets 
   
   
 699,214 
   
   
 555,799 
   
 
 
   Restricted investments 
   
   
 14,000 
   
   
 14,500 
   
 
 
   Inventory 
   
   
 19,078 
   
   
 14,937 
   
 
 
   Property and equipment, net 
   
   
 81,790 
   
   
 26,848 
   
 
 
   Other assets, net 
   
   
 15,987 
   
   
 17,484  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 830,069 
   
 
 
$ 
 629,568  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
 
 
$ 
 24,462 
   
 

 
$ 
 19,102 
   
 
 
   Accrued compensation 
   
   
 34,422 
   
   
 28,079 
   
 
 
   Interest payable 
   
   
 1,841 
   
   
 1,909 
   
 
 
   Accrued and other current liabilities 
   
   
 62,270 
   
   
 46,062 
   
 
 
   Deferred revenue—collaborative agreements 
   
   
 12,880 
   
   
 12,890 
   
 
 
   Convertible senior notes 
   
   
 85,640 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total current liabilities 
   
   
 221,515 
   
   
 108,042 
   
 
 
   Convertible senior notes 
   
   
 603,478 
   
   
 661,567 
   
 
 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 54,552 
   
   
 26,803 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 19,641 
   
   
 895 
   
 
 
   Deferred revenue—collaborative agreements 
   
   
 12,511 
   
   
 25,369  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total liabilities 
   
   
 911,697 
   
   
 822,676  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Stockholders' deficit: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2014 and December 31,
2013 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Common stock, $0.001 par value; 400,000,000 shares authorized; 170,876,619 and 162,984,680 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2014 and
2013, respectively 
   
   
 171 
   
   
 163 
   
 
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
   
 1,701,904 
   
   
 1,541,773 
   
 
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
   
 1,815 
   
   
 1,993 
   
 
 
   Accumulated deficit 
   
   
 (1,785,518 
 ) 
   
 (1,737,037 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total stockholders' deficit 
   
   
 (81,628 
 ) 
   
 (193,108 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 
   
 
 
$ 
 830,069 
   
 
 
$ 
 629,568  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
See accompanying notes.  

 73 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 Table of Contents   

   

 
INCYTE CORPORATION   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

  (in thousands, except per share amounts)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Revenues: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Product revenues, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 357,562 
   
 
 
$ 
 235,443 
   
 
 
$ 
 136,001 
   
 
 
   Product royalty revenues 
   
   
 48,966 
   
   
 28,251 
   
   
 3,652 
   
 
 
   Contract revenues 
   
   
 104,857 
   
   
 91,047 
   
   
 156,948 
   
 
 
   Other revenues 
   
   
 110 
   
   
 206 
   
   
 458  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total revenues 
   
   
 511,495 
   
   
 354,947 
   
   
 297,059 
   
 
 
   Costs and expenses: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cost of product revenues 
   
   
 3,004 
   
   
 630 
   
   
 157 
   
 
 
   Research and development 
   
   
 347,523 
   
   
 260,436 
   
   
 210,391 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
   
   
 165,772 
   
   
 109,983 
   
   
 85,363  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total costs and expenses 
   
   
 516,299 
   
   
 371,049 
   
   
 295,911 
   
 
 
   Income (loss) from operations 
   
   
 (4,804 
 ) 
   
 (16,102 
 ) 
   
 1,148 
   
 
 
   Interest and other income, net 
   
   
 3,350 
   
   
 1,324 
   
   
 764 
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 (46,828 
 ) 
   
 (38,652 
 ) 
   
 (46,058 
 ) 
 
 
   Debt exchange expense on senior note conversions 
   
   
 (265 
 ) 
   
 (11,484 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Loss on repurchase of convertible senior notes 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (17,934 
 ) 
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Loss before provision for income taxes 
   
   
 (48,547 
 ) 
   
 (82,848 
 ) 
   
 (44,146 
 ) 
 
 
   (Benefit) provision for income taxes 
   
   
 (66 
 ) 
   
 299 
   
   
 174  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net loss 
   
 
 
$ 
 (48,481 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (83,147 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (44,320 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Basic and diluted net loss per share 
   
 

 
$ 
 (0.29 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (0.56 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (0.34 
 ) 
 
 
   Shares used in computing basic and diluted net loss per share 
   
   
 167,947 
   
   
 148,403 
   
   
 129,747 
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
See accompanying notes.  

 74 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 Table of Contents   

   

 
INCYTE CORPORATION   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   

  (in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Net loss 
   
 
 
$ 
 (48,481 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (83,147 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (44,320 
 ) 
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency translation loss 
   
   
 (6 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on restricted investments and marketable securities, net of tax 
   
   
 (172 
 ) 
   
 115 
   
   
 788 
   
 
 
   Reclassification adjustment for realized gains on restricted cash and investments and marketable securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (552 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 (178 
 ) 
   
 115 
   
   
 236  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Comprehensive loss 
   
 
 
$ 
 (48,659 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (83,032 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (44,084 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
See accompanying notes.  

 75 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 Table of Contents   

   

 
INCYTE CORPORATION   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT   

  (in thousands, except number of shares)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Common 
Stock  
   
 Additional 
Paid-in 
Capital  
   
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income (Loss)  
   
 Accumulated 
Deficit  
   
 Total 
Stockholders' 
Deficit  
   
 
 
   Balances at December 31, 2011 
   
 
 
$ 
 126 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,380,725 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,642 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1,609,570 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (227,077 
 ) 
 
 
   Issuance of 5,150,649 shares of Common Stock upon exercise of stock options and restricted stock units and 378,041 shares of Common Stock under the
ESPP 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 47,706 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 47,711 
   
 
 
   Issuance of 1,461,496 shares of Common Stock upon conversion of Pfizer Note 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 9,998 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 10,000 
   
 
 
   Stock compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 38,493 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 38,493 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 236 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 236 
   
 
 
   Net loss 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (44,320 
 ) 
   
 (44,320 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balances at December 31, 2012 
   
 
 
$ 
 133 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,476,922 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,878 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1,653,890 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (174,957 
 ) 
 
 
   Issuance of 6,898,551 shares of Common Stock upon exercise of stock options and restricted stock units and 390,000 shares of Common Stock under the
ESPP 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 73,150 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 73,157 
   
 
 
   Issuance of 1,025,641 shares of Common Stock upon conversion of Pfizer Note 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 9,372 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9,373 
   
 
 
   Issuance of 21,208,303 shares of Common Stock upon conversion of Convertible Senior Notes due 2015 
   
   
 22 
   
   
 154,316 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 154,338 
   
 
 
   Reclassification to additional paid in capital in connection with repurchase of $117.3 million aggregate principal of 4.75% convertible senior notes
due 2015 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (381,405 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (381,405 
 ) 
 
 
   Equity component of 0.375% convertible senior notes due 2018 and 1.25% convertible senior notes due 2020 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 170,806 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 170,806 
   
 
 
   Excess tax benefit from stock based compensation 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 214 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 214 
   
 
 
   Stock compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 38,398 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 38,398 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 115 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 115 
   
 
 
   Net loss 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (83,147 
 ) 
   
 (83,147 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balances at December 31, 2013 
   
 
 
$ 
 163 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,541,773 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,993 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1,737,037 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (193,108 
 ) 
 
 
   Issuance of 7,044,844 shares of Common Stock upon exercise of stock options and 193,657 shares of Common Stock under the ESPP 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 92,837 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 92,844 
   
 
 
   Issuance of 653,438 shares of Common Stock upon conversion of Convertible Senior Notes due 2015 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 5,160 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,161 
   
 
 
   Excess tax provision from stock based compensation 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (22 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (22 
 ) 
 
 
   Stock compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 62,156 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 62,156 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (178 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (178 
 ) 
 
 
   Net loss 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (48,481 
 ) 
   
 (48,481 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balances at December 31, 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 171 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,701,904 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,815 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1,785,518 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (81,628 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
See accompanying notes.  

 76 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 Table of Contents   

   

 
INCYTE CORPORATION   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

  (in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Cash flows from operating activities : 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net loss 
   
 
 
$ 
 (48,481 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (83,147 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (44,320 
 ) 
 
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization of debt discounts 
   
   
 41,413 
   
   
 29,207 
   
   
 29,979 
   
 
 
   Stock-based compensation 
   
   
 62,156 
   
   
 38,398 
   
   
 38,493 
   
 
 
   Excess tax provision (benefit) from stock based compensation 
   
   
 22 
   
   
 (214 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Debt exchange expense on senior note conversions 
   
   
 265 
   
   
 11,484 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Loss on repurchase of convertible senior notes 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 17,934 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Realized (gain) loss on restricted cash and investments and marketable securities, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (552 
 ) 
 
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
   
 (22,559 
 ) 
   
 35,577 
   
   
 (64,536 
 ) 
 
 
   Prepaid expenses and other assets 
   
   
 (30,489 
 ) 
   
 247 
   
   
 16,903 
   
 
 
   Inventory 
   
   
 (4,093 
 ) 
   
 (6,590 
 ) 
   
 (5,217 
 ) 
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
   
 5,360 
   
   
 5,141 
   
   
 (978 
 ) 
 
 
   Accrued and other liabilities 
   
   
 35,530 
   
   
 27,189 
   
   
 4,668 
   
 
 
   Deferred revenue—product revenues 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,332 
 ) 
 
 
   Deferred revenue—collaborative agreements 
   
   
 (12,868 
 ) 
   
 (66,046 
 ) 
   
 (66,938 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
   
   
 26,256 
   
   
 9,180 
   
   
 (94,830 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash flows from investing activities : 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
   
 (27,876 
 ) 
   
 (4,267 
 ) 
   
 (2,839 
 ) 
 
 
   Sales of marketable securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (9 
 ) 
 
 
   Maturities of marketable securities 
   
   
 23,528 
   
   
 583 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Purchases of marketable securities 
   
   
 (134,091 
 ) 
   
 (33,713 
 ) 
   
 860  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 (138,439 
 ) 
   
 (37,397 
 ) 
   
 (1,988 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash flows from financing activities : 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Release (purchase) of restricted investments 
   
   
 500 
   
   
 (15,000 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Proceeds from issuance of common stock under stock plans 
   
   
 92,844 
   
   
 73,157 
   
   
 47,711 
   
 
 
   Excess tax provision (benefit) from stock based compensation 
   
   
 (22 
 ) 
   
 214 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes, net of costs 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 728,696 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Repurchase of convertible senior notes 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (499,994 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Cash paid in connection with exchange of 4.75% convertible senior notes due 2015 
   
   
 (265 
 ) 
   
 (11,484 
 ) 
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash provided by financing activities 
   
   
 93,057 
   
   
 275,589 
   
   
 47,711 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency translation change 
   
   
 (6 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 (19,132 
 ) 
   
 247,372 
   
   
 (49,107 
 ) 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
   
   
 471,429 
   
   
 224,057 
   
   
 273,164  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
   
 
 
$ 
 452,297 
   
 
 
$ 
 471,429 
   
 
 
$ 
 224,057  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Supplemental Schedule of Cash Flow Information 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest paid 
   
 
 
$ 
 10,458 
   
 
 
$ 
 15,587 
   
 
 
$ 
 19,000  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Incomes taxes paid 
   
 
 
$ 
 37 
   
 
 
$ 
 140 
   
 
 
$ 
 1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Reclassification to common stock and additional paid in capital in connection with conversion of Pfizer convertible subordinated note due 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,373 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Reclassification to common stock and additional paid in capital in connection with exchange of 4.75% convertible senior notes due 2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 5,161 
   
 
 
$ 
 154,338 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Reclassification to additional paid in capital in connection with repurchase of 4.75% convertible senior notes due 2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (381,405 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Purchase of property and equipment financed by direct financing lease 
   
 
 
$ 
 31,495 
   
 
 
$ 
 19,274 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
See accompanying notes.  

 77 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 Table of Contents   

   

 
INCYTE CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

 


 


Note 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   


         Organization and Business.     Incyte Corporation ("Incyte," "we," "us," or "our") is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and
commercializing proprietary therapeutics, primarily for oncology. Our pipeline includes compounds in various stages, ranging from preclinical to late stage development,
and a commercialized product, JAKAFI® (ruxolitinib). Our operations are treated as one operating segment.  

          Principles of Consolidation.     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Incyte Corporation and our wholly owned
subsidiaries
including Incyte Holdings Corporation, Incyte International Holdings Sàrl and Incyte Europe Sàrl. All inter-company accounts, transactions, and profits have been
eliminated in consolidation.  

          Use of Estimates.     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

          Concentrations of Credit Risk.     Cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, trade receivables and restricted investments are
financial instruments
which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk. The estimated fair value of financial instruments approximates the carrying value based on available market information. We primarily
invest our excess available funds in notes and bills issued by the U.S. government and its agencies and corporate debt securities and, by policy, limit the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer
and to any one type of investment, other than securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government. Our receivables mainly relate to our product sales of JAKAFI and collaborative agreements with
pharmaceutical companies. We have not experienced any significant credit losses on cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, trade receivables or restricted investments to date and do not require
collateral on receivables.  

         Cash and Cash Equivalents.     Cash and cash equivalents are held in U.S. banks or in custodial accounts with banks. Cash equivalents are
defined as all
liquid investments and money market funds with maturity from date of purchase of 90 days or less that are readily convertible into cash.  

          Marketable Securities—Available-for-Sale.     All marketable securities are classified as available-for-sale. Available-for-sale
securities
are carried at fair value, based on quoted market prices and observable inputs, with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported as a separate component of stockholders' deficit. We classify
marketable securities that are available for use in current operations as current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Realized gains and losses and declines in value
judged to be other than temporary for available-for-sale securities are included in "Interest and other income, net." The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method.  

          Accounts Receivable.     As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, we had no allowance for doubtful accounts. We provide an allowance for
doubtful
accounts based on experience and specifically identified risks. Accounts receivable are carried at fair value and charged off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when we determine that
recovery is unlikely and we cease collection efforts.  

         Inventory.     Inventories are determined at the lower of cost or market value with cost determined under the specific identification method
and may
consist of raw materials, work in process and finished goods. We began capitalizing inventory in mid-November 2011 once the U.S. Food and Drug  

 78 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)  

 Administration
("FDA") approved JAKAFI as the related costs were expected to be recoverable through the commercialization of the product. Costs incurred prior to approval of JAKAFI have been recorded
as research and development expense in our statements of operations. As a result, cost of product revenues for the next 24 months will reflect a lower average per unit cost of materials.  

         The
raw materials and work-in-process inventory is not subject to expiration and the shelf life for finished goods inventory is 36 months from the start of manufacturing of the
finished goods. We evaluate for potential excess inventory by analyzing current and future product demand relative to the remaining product shelf life. We build demand forecasts by considering factors
such as, but not limited to, overall market potential, market share, market acceptance and patient usage. We classify inventory as current on the consolidated balance sheets when we expect inventory
to be consumed for commercial use within the next twelve months.  


         Property and Equipment.     Property and equipment is stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is
recorded using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets (generally three to five years). Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the
assets or lease term.  

         Management
continually reviews the estimated useful lives of technologically sensitive equipment and believes that those estimates appropriately reflect the current useful life of our
assets. In the event that a currently unknown significantly advanced technology became commercially available, we would re-evaluate the value and estimated useful lives of our existing equipment,
possibly having a material impact on the financial statements.  

          Lease Accounting.     We account for operating leases by recording rent expense on a straight-line basis over the expected life of the
lease, commencing
on the date we gain possession of leased property. We include tenant improvement allowances and rent holidays received from landlords and the effect of any rent escalation clauses as adjustments to
straight-line rent expense over the expected life of the lease.  

         Capital
leases are reflected as a liability at the inception of the lease based on the present value of the minimum lease payments or, if lower, the fair value of the property. Assets
under capital leases are recorded in property and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets and depreciated in a manner similar to other property and equipment.  

         Certain
construction projects may be accounted for as direct financing arrangements, whereby we record, over the construction period, the full cost of the asset in property and
equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets. A corresponding liability is also recorded, net of leasehold improvements paid for by us, and is amortized over the expected lease term through
monthly rental payments using the effective interest method.  

          Income Taxes.     We account for income taxes using the asset and liability approach which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets
and
liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and amounts reportable for income
tax purposes. In addition, we follow the guidance related to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. This guidance creates a single model to address uncertainty in tax positions and clarifies the
accounting for income taxes by prescribing the minimum recognition threshold a tax position is required to meet before it is recognized in the financial statements.  

 79 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)  

          Financing Costs Related to Long-term Debt.     Costs associated with obtaining long-term debt are deferred
and amortized over the term of the related debt using the effective interest method. Such costs are included in other assets, net on the consolidated balance sheet.  


         Grant Accounting.     Grant amounts received from government agencies for operations are deferred and are amortized into income over the
service period
of the grant. Grant amounts received for purchases of capital assets are deferred and amortized into interest and other income, net over the useful life of the related capital assets. Such amounts are
recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet.  

          Net Loss Per Share.     Our basic and diluted losses per share are calculated by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of
shares of common
stock outstanding during all periods presented. Options to purchase stock and shares issuable upon the conversion of convertible debt are included in diluted earnings per share calculations, unless
the effects are anti-dilutive.  

          Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss).     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) consists of unrealized gains or losses on
marketable
securities and restricted cash and investments and foreign currency translation adjustments.  

          Revenue Recognition.     Revenues are recognized when (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) delivery has occurred
or
services have been rendered, (3) the price is fixed or determinable and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Revenues are deferred for fees received before earned or until no
further obligations exist. We exercise judgment in determining that collectability is reasonably assured or that services have been delivered in accordance with the arrangement. We assess whether the
fee is fixed or determinable based on the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the sales price is subject to refund or adjustment. We assess collectability based primarily on the
customer's payment history and on the creditworthiness of the customer. Our product revenues consist of U.S. sales of JAKAFI and are recognized once we meet all four revenue recognition criteria
described above. In November 2011, we began shipping JAKAFI to our specialty pharmacy customers, which in turn dispense JAKAFI to patients in fulfillment of prescriptions.  


         We
recognize revenues for product received by our specialty pharmacy customers net of allowances for customer credits, including estimated rebates, chargebacks, discounts, returns,
distribution service fees, patient assistance programs, and Medicare Part D coverage gap reimbursements. Product shipping and handling costs are included in cost of product revenues.  

          Customer Credits:     Our specialty pharmacy customers are offered various forms of consideration, including allowances, service fees and
prompt payment
discounts. We expect our specialty pharmacy customers will earn prompt payment discounts and, therefore, we deduct the full amount of these discounts from total product sales when revenues are
recognized. Service fees are also deducted from total product sales as they are earned.  

          Rebates:     Allowances for rebates include mandated discounts under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. Rebate amounts are based upon
contractual
agreements or legal requirements with public sector (e.g., Medicaid) benefit providers. Rebates are amounts owed after the final dispensing of the product to a benefit plan participant and are
based upon contractual agreements or legal requirements with public sector benefit providers. The accrual for rebates is based on statutory discount rates and expected utilization as well as
historical data we have accumulated since product launch. Our estimates for expected utilization of rebates are based on data received from our specialty pharmacy customers. Rebates are  

 80 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)  

 generally
invoiced and paid in arrears so that the accrual balance consists of an estimate of the amount expected to be incurred for the current quarter's activity, plus an accrual balance for known
prior quarters' unpaid rebates. If actual future rebates vary from estimates, we may need to adjust prior period accruals, which would affect revenue in the period of adjustment.  


         Chargebacks:     Chargebacks are discounts that occur when contracted customers purchase directly from a specialty pharmacy, or an
intermediary
distributor. Contracted customers, which currently consist primarily of Public Health Service institutions, non-profit clinics, and Federal government entities purchasing via the Federal Supply
Schedule, generally purchase the product at a discounted price. The specialty pharmacy or distributor, in turn, charges back to us the difference between the price initially paid by the specialty
pharmacy or distributor and the discounted price paid to the specialty pharmacy or distributor by the customer. The accrual for chargebacks is based on the estimated contractual discounts on the
inventory levels on hand in our distribution channel. If actual future chargebacks vary from estimates, we may need to adjust prior period accruals, which would affect revenue in the period of
adjustment.  

          Medicare Part D Coverage Gap:     Medicare Part D prescription drug benefit mandates manufacturers to fund 50% of the Medicare
Part D insurance coverage gap for prescription drugs sold to eligible patients. Our estimates for the expected Medicare Part D coverage gap are based on historical invoices received and
in part from data received from our specialty pharmacy customers. Funding of the coverage gap is generally invoiced and paid in arrears so that the accrual balance consists of an estimate of the
amount expected to be incurred for the current quarter's activity, plus an accrual balance for known prior quarters. If actual future funding varies from estimates, we may need to adjust prior period
accruals, which would affect revenue in the period of adjustment.  

          Co-payment assistance:     Patients who have commercial insurance and meet certain eligibility requirements may receive co-payment
assistance. We accrue
a liability for co-payment assistance based on actual program participation and estimates of program redemption using data provided by third-party administrators.  

 

 


 


 Product Royalty Revenues    

 

         Royalty revenues on commercial sales for ruxolitinib (marketed as JAKAVI® outside the United States) by Novartis
Pharmaceutical International Ltd. ("Novartis") are based on net sales of licensed products in licensed territories as provided by Novartis. We recognize royalty revenues in the period the sales
occur.  

 

 


 


 Cost of Product Revenues    

 

         Cost of product revenues includes all JAKAFI related costs that are recoverable through the commercialization of the product. Beginning
in October 2014, we became obligated to pay tiered, low-single digit royalties under our collaboration and license agreement to Novartis on all future sales of JAKAFI in the United States which are
included in cost of product revenues.  

 

 


 


 Contract and License Revenues    

 

         Under agreements involving multiple deliverables, services and/or rights to use assets that we entered into prior to January 1,
2011, the multiple elements are divided into separate units of accounting when  

 81 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)  

 certain
criteria are met, including whether the delivered items have stand-alone value to the customer and whether there is objective and reliable evidence of the fair value of the undelivered items.
When separate units of accounting exist, consideration is allocated among the separate elements based on their respective fair values. The determination of fair value of each element is based on
objective evidence from historical sales of the individual elements by us to other customers. If such evidence of fair value for each undelivered element of the arrangement does not exist, all revenue
from the arrangement is deferred until such time that evidence of fair value for each undelivered element does exist or until all elements of the arrangement are delivered. When elements are
specifically tied to a separate earnings process, revenue is recognized when the specific performance obligation tied to the element is completed. When revenues for an element are not specifically
tied to a separate earnings process, they are recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. We assess whether a substantive milestone exists at the inception of our agreements. For all milestones
within our arrangements that are considered substantive, we recognize revenue upon the achievement of the associated milestone. If a milestone is not considered substantive, we would recognize the
applicable milestone payment over the remaining period of performance under the arrangement. As of December 31, 2014, all remaining potential milestones under our collaborative arrangements are
considered substantive.  

         On
January 1, 2011, updated guidance on the recognition of revenues for agreements with multiple deliverables became effective and applies to any agreements we may enter into on
or after January 1, 2011. This updated guidance (i) relates to whether multiple deliverables exist, how the deliverables in a revenue arrangement should be separated and how the
consideration should be allocated; (ii) requires companies to allocate revenues in an arrangement using estimated selling prices of deliverables if a vendor does not have vendor-specific
objective evidence or third-party evidence of selling price; and (iii) eliminates the use of the residual method and requires companies to allocate revenues using the relative selling price
method. During the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we did not enter into any agreements that are subject to this updated guidance. If we enter into an agreement with multiple
deliverables after January 1, 2011 or amend existing agreements, this updated guidance could have a material effect on our financial statements.  

         Our
collaborations often include contractual milestones, which typically relate to the achievement of pre-specified development, regulatory and commercialization events. These three
categories of
milestone events reflect the three stages of the life-cycle of our drugs, which we describe in more detail in the following paragraphs.  


         The
regulatory review and approval process, which includes preclinical testing and clinical trials of each drug candidate, is lengthy, expensive and uncertain. Securing approval by the
FDA requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the FDA for each indication to establish a drug candidate's safety and efficacy. The approval
process takes many years, requires the expenditure of substantial resources, involves post-marketing surveillance and may involve ongoing requirements for post-marketing studies. Before commencing
clinical investigations of a drug candidate in humans, we must submit an Investigational New Drug application ("IND"), which must be reviewed by the FDA.  


         The
steps generally required before a drug may be marketed in the United States include preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies, submission to the FDA of an
IND for human clinical testing, performance of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials in three phases, as described below, to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug for each indication,
submission of a new drug  

 82 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)  

 application
("NDA") or biologics license application ("BLA") to the FDA for review and FDA approval of the NDA or BLA.  


         Similar
requirements exist within foreign regulatory agencies as well. The time required satisfying the FDA requirements or similar requirements of foreign regulatory agencies may vary
substantially based on the type, complexity and novelty of the product or the targeted disease.  

         Preclinical
testing includes laboratory evaluation of product pharmacology, drug metabolism, and toxicity, which includes animal studies, to assess potential safety and efficacy as well
as product chemistry, stability, formulation, development, and testing. The results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information and analytical data, are submitted to the FDA as
part of an IND. The FDA may raise safety concerns or questions about the conduct of the clinical trials included in the IND, and any of these concerns or questions must be resolved before clinical
trials can proceed. We cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational drug or
the marketed drug to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators and in accordance with good clinical practices regulations covering the protection of human subjects. Clinical
trials typically are conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap or be combined. Phase I usually involves the initial introduction of the investigational drug into healthy
volunteers to evaluate its safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion. Phase II usually involves clinical trials in a limited patient population to evaluate
dosage tolerance and optimal dosage, identify possible adverse effects
and safety risks, and evaluate and gain preliminary evidence of the efficacy of the drug for specific indications. Phase III clinical trials usually further evaluate clinical efficacy and
safety by testing the drug in its final form in an expanded patient population, providing statistical evidence of efficacy and safety, and providing an adequate basis for labeling. We cannot guarantee
that Phase I, Phase II or Phase III testing will be completed successfully within any specified period of time, if at all. Furthermore, we, the institutional review board for a
trial, or the FDA may suspend clinical trials at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk.  


         Generally,
the milestone events contained in our collaboration agreements coincide with the progression of our drugs from development, to regulatory approval and then to
commercialization. The process of successfully discovering a new development candidate, having it approved and successfully commercialized is highly uncertain. As such, the milestone payments we may
earn from our partners involve a significant degree of risk to achieve. Therefore, as a drug candidate progresses through the stages of its life-cycle, the value of the drug candidate generally
increases.  

          Research and Development Costs.     Our policy is to expense research and development costs as incurred. We often contract with clinical
research
organizations (CROs) to facilitate, coordinate and perform agreed upon research and development of a new drug. To ensure that research and development costs are expensed as incurred, we record monthly
accruals for clinical trials and preclinical testing costs based on the work performed under the contract.  

         These
CRO contracts typically call for the payment of fees for services at the initiation of the contract and/or upon the achievement of certain clinical trial milestones. In the event
that we prepay CRO fees, we record the prepayment as a prepaid asset and amortize the asset into research and development expense over the period of time the contracted research and development
services are performed. Most professional fees, including project and clinical management, data management, monitoring, and medical  

 83 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)  

 writing
fees are incurred throughout the contract period. These professional fees are expensed based on their percentage of completion at a particular date. Our CRO contracts generally include pass
through fees. Pass through fees include, but are not limited to, regulatory expenses, investigator fees, travel costs, and other miscellaneous costs, including shipping and printing fees. We expense
the costs of pass through fees under our CRO contracts as they are incurred, based on the best information available to us at the time. The estimates of the pass through fees incurred are based on the
amount of work completed for the clinical trial and are monitored through correspondence with the CROs, internal reviews and a review of contractual terms. The factors utilized to derive the estimates
include the number of patients enrolled, duration of the clinical trial, estimated patient attrition, screening rate and
length of the dosing regimen. CRO fees incurred to set up the clinical trial are expensed during the setup period. Reimbursable costs incurred in connection with collaborative license agreements are
recorded as a reduction of research and development expenses.  

          Stock Compensation.     Share-based payment transactions with employees, which include stock options, restricted stock units ("RSUs") and
performance
shares ("PSUs"), are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period based on their estimated fair values as well as expected forfeiture rates. The stock compensation process
requires significant judgment and the use of estimates, particularly surrounding Black-Scholes assumptions such as stock price volatility over the option term and expected option lives, as well as
expected forfeiture rates and the probability of PSUs vesting. The fair value of stock options, which are subject to graded vesting, are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service
period using the accelerated attribution method. The fair value of RSUs, which are generally subject to cliff vesting, are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period using
the straight line attribution method. The fair value of PSUs are recognized as compensation expense beginning at the time in which the performance conditions are deemed probable of achievement, over
the remaining requisite service period. We recorded $62.2 million, $38.4 million and $38.5 million of stock compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013
and 2012, respectively.  

 

 


 


Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

 

         In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-15,
"Presentation of Financial Statements—Going Concern", to provide guidance on management's responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company's ability to
continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period, management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial
doubt about a company's ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. This guidance is effective for the annual period ending after
December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. We do not believe the pending adoption of ASU No. 2014-15 will have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements.  

         In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers," which provides a five-step approach to be applied to all contracts with customers. ASU
No. 2014-09 also requires expanded disclosures about revenue recognition. ASU No. 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including
interim periods. We are currently analyzing the impact of ASU No. 2014-09 on our results of operations and, at this time, we are unable to determine the impact on the new standard, if any, on
our consolidated financial statements.  

 84 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 Table of Contents   

 
INCYTE CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

 


 


Note 2. Marketable Securities   

 
        The following is a summary of our marketable security portfolio as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Amortized 
Cost  
   
 Net 
Unrealized 
Gains  
   
 Net 
Unrealized 
Losses  
   
 Estimated 
Fair Value  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   
 
 
   December 31, 2014 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Corporate debt securities 
   
 
 
$ 
 144,684 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (282 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 144,402 
   
 
 
   Mortgage backed securities 
   
   
 1,461 
   
   
 2,103 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,564  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 146,145 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,103 
   
 
 
$ 
 (282 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 147,966  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   December 31, 2013 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Corporate debt securities 
   
 
 
$ 
 33,683 
   
 
 
$ 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 (30 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 33,653 
   
 
 
   Mortgage backed securities 
   
   
 1,899 
   
   
 2,023 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,922  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 35,582 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,023 
   
 
 
$ 
 (30 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 37,575  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Our
corporate debt securities generally have contractual maturity dates of between 12 to 18 months. Because of the potential for prepayment on mortgage-backed securities, they are
not categorized by contractual maturity.  

 


 


Fair Value Measurements   

         FASB accounting guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability ("the
exit price") in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The standard outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value hierarchy in order to increase the
consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and the related disclosures. In determining fair value we use quoted prices and observable inputs. Observable inputs are inputs that market
participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of us. The fair value hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the source of
inputs as follows:  

 

 Level 1—Valuations
based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  


 Level 2—Valuations
based on observable inputs and quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities.  

 Level 3—Valuations
based on inputs that are unobservable and models that are significant to the overall fair value measurement.  

 

         Our
marketable securities consist of investments in U.S. government agencies, corporate debt securities and non-agency mortgage-backed securities that are classified as
available-for-sale.  

         At
December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, our Level 2 corporate debt securities and mortgage-backed securities are valued using readily available pricing sources
which utilize market observable inputs, including the current interest rate and other characteristics for similar types of instruments.  

 85 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 2. Marketable Securities (Continued)  


         The
following fair value hierarchy table presents information about each major category of our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of
December 31, 2014 (in thousands):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurement at Reporting Date Using:  
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Quoted Prices in 
Active Markets for 
Identical Assets 
(Level 1)  
   
 Significant Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 Balance as of 
December 31, 2014  
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 452,297 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 452,297 
   
 
 
   Corporate debt securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 144,402 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 144,402 
   
 
 
   Mortgage-backed securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,564 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,564  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 452,297 
   
 
 
$ 
 147,966 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 600,263  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
following fair value hierarchy table presents information about each major category of our financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2013
(in thousands):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurement at Reporting Date Using:  
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Quoted Prices in 
Active Markets for 
Identical Assets 
(Level 1)  
   
 Significant Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 Balance as of 
December 31, 2013  
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 471,429 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 471,429 
   
 
 
   Corporate debt securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 33,653 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 33,653 
   
 
 
   Mortgage-backed securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,922 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,922  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 471,429 
   
 
 
$ 
 37,575 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 509,004  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Net
realized gains of $0.0 million, $0.0 million and $0.6 million from the sale of restricted cash and investment and marketable securities were included in
"Interest and other income, net" in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  

         During
2014 there were no new measurements required for any assets, liabilities or equity components at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. During 2013, we measured the following assets,
liabilities and equity components at fair value on a nonrecurring basis: 

 
 
 •  Fair value of facility at lease inception (asset)—$15.2 million (Note 6)    
 •  Fair value of debt component of 0.375% Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 (the "2018 Notes")
(liability)—$299.4 million (Note 8)  
 •  Fair value of debt component of 1.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2020 (the "2020 Notes")
(liability)—$274.8 million (Note 8)  
 •  Fair value of debt component of $117.3 million of 4.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2015 (the "2015 Notes") that were
repurchased (liability)—$118.6 million (Note 8)  
 •  Fair value of equity component of $117.3 million of the 2015 Notes that were repurchased
(equity)—$381.4 million (Note 8)  
 

         All
of these non-recurring measurements utilized Level 3 unobservable inputs.  

 86 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 2. Marketable Securities (Continued)  

         In
order to estimate the fair value of the facility at lease inception which consisted of the building valuation before improvements in October 2013, we performed a valuation analysis.
The fair value of the facility was determined based on estimates for its current replacement cost, comparable market data for similar properties, and the present value of income derived from leasing
the building.  

         In
order to estimate the fair value of the debt components of the 2018 Notes and the 2020 Notes at issuance in November 2013, we performed a valuation analysis. For these instruments, we
estimated the interest rate at the time of issuance for debt instruments that do not include an embedded conversion option in order to compute the fair value of the debt component. Significant
assumptions within the valuation model included the risk-adjusted rate of return on the 2018 Notes and 2020 Notes, the expected volatility and dividend yield of our common stock and the risk free
interest rate over the term of the 2018 Notes and 2020 Notes.  

         In
order to estimate the fair value of the debt and equity components and resulting loss on repurchase of the 2015 Notes that were repurchased during 2013, we performed a valuation
analysis. Significant assumptions within the valuation model for the debt and equity components included the risk-adjusted rate of return on the 2015 Notes, the intrinsic value of the equity component
on the date of repurchase, the expected volatility and dividend yield of our common stock and the risk free interest rate over the term of the 2015 Notes.  

 


 


Note 3. Concentrations of Credit Risk   

 
        In December 2009, we entered into a license, development and commercialization agreement with Eli
Lilly and Company ("Lilly"). In November 2009, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Novartis. The concentration of credit risk related to our collaborative partners is as
follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Percentage of Total 
Contract Revenues for the 
Years Ended, 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Collaboration Partner A 
   
   
 88 
 % 
   
 86 
 % 
   
 60 
 % 
 
 
   Collaboration Partner B 
   
   
 12 
 % 
   
 14 
 % 
   
 40 
 % 
 
 
 
  
          Collaboration
Partner A and Collaboration Partner B comprised in the aggregate 26% and 28% of the accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

 87 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 3. Concentrations of Credit Risk (Continued)  

         In
November 2011, we began commercialization and distribution of JAKAFI to a number of specialty pharmacies. Our product revenues are concentrated in a number of specialty pharmacy
customers. The concentration of credit risk related to our specialty pharmacy customers is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Percentage of Total Net 
Product Revenues for the 
Years Ended, 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Customer A 
   
   
 29 
 % 
   
 29 
 % 
   
 15 
 % 
 
 
   Customer B 
   
   
 22 
 % 
   
 17 
 % 
   
 21 
 % 
 
 
   Customer C 
   
   
 10 
 % 
   
 11 
 % 
   
 29 
 % 
 
 
   Customer D 
   
   
 9 
 % 
   
 11 
 % 
   
 15 
 % 
 
 
 
  
          We
are exposed to risks associated with extending credit to specialty pharmacy customers related to the sale of products. Customer A, Customer B, Customer C and Customer D comprised in
the aggregate 54% and 49% of the accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively.  


 


 


Note 4. Inventory   

 
        Our inventory balance consists of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   
 
 
   Raw materials 
   
 
 
$ 
 591 
   
 
 
$ 
 591 
   
 
 
   Work-in-process 
   
   
 18,487 
   
   
 14,346 
   
 
 
   Finished goods 
   
   
 358 
   
   
 406  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 19,436 
   
   
 15,343 
   
 
 
   Inventories—current 
   
   
 358 
   
   
 406  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Inventories—non-current 
   
 
 
$ 
 19,078 
   
 
 
$ 
 14,937  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Inventories,
stated at the lower of cost or market, consist of raw materials, work in process and finished goods. At December 31, 2014, $0.4 million of inventory was
classified as current on the consolidated balance sheets as we expect this inventory to be consumed for commercial use within the next twelve months. At December 31, 2014, $19.1 million
of inventory was classified as non-current on the consolidated balance sheets as we did not expect this inventory to be consumed for commercial use within the next twelve months. We obtain a number of
inventory components from single source suppliers due to technology, availability, price, quality or other considerations. The loss of a single source supplier, the deterioration of its relationship
with a single source supplier, or any unilateral violation of the contractual terms under which we are supplied components by a single source supplier could adversely affect our total revenues and
gross margins.  

         The
raw materials and work-in-process inventory is not subject to expiration and the shelf life for finished goods inventory is 36 months from the start of manufacturing of the
finished goods. We evaluate  

 88 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 4. Inventory (Continued)  

 for
potential excess inventory by analyzing current and future product demand relative to the remaining product shelf life. We build demand forecasts by considering factors such as, but not limited
to, overall market potential, market share, market acceptance and patient usage.  

 


 


Note 5. License Agreements   


 


 


Novartis   

         In November 2009, we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with Novartis. Under the terms of the agreement, Novartis
received exclusive development and commercialization rights outside of the United States to our JAK inhibitor ruxolitinib and certain back-up compounds for hematologic and oncology indications,
including all hematological malignancies, solid tumors and myeloproliferative diseases. We retained exclusive development and commercialization rights to JAKAFI (ruxolitinib) in the United States and
in certain other indications. Novartis also received worldwide exclusive development and commercialization rights to our c-MET inhibitor compound capmatinib and certain back-up compounds in all
indications. We retained options to co-develop and to co-promote capmatinib in the United States.  

         Under
this agreement, we received an upfront payment and immediate milestone payment totaling $210.0 million and were initially eligible to receive up to $1.2 billion in
milestone payments across multiple indications upon the achievement of pre-specified events, including up to $174.0 million for the achievement of development milestones, up to
$495.0 million for the achievement of regulatory milestones and up to $500.0 million for the achievement of commercialization milestones. As of December 31, 2014, we have
recognized in the aggregate $97.0 million for the achievement of development milestones and $135.0 million for the achievement of regulatory milestones.  

         During
the year ended December 31, 2014, under this agreement, we recognized and received a $60.0 million regulatory milestone related to reimbursement of JAKAVI
(ruxolitinib) in Europe, recognized and received a $25.0 million regulatory milestone for the approval of JAKAVI in Japan for the treatment of patients with myelofibrosis and a
$7.0 million development milestone based on the formal initiation by Novartis of a Phase II clinical trial evaluating capmatinib in non-small cell lung
cancer. In 2013, we recognized and received a $25.0 million development milestone payment under this agreement based on the formal initiation by Novartis of a Phase II clinical trial
evaluating capmatinib. In 2012, we recognized and received a $40.0 million regulatory milestone payment under this agreement for the achievement of a predefined milestone for the European Union
regulatory approval of JAKAVI. In 2011, we recognized and received a $15.0 million development milestone payment under this agreement for the achievement of a predefined milestone in the
Phase I dose-escalation trial for capmatinib in patients with solid tumors and a $10.0 million regulatory milestone payment for the approval of JAKAFI in the United States. We determined
the 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011 milestones to be substantive as their achievement required substantive efforts by us and was at risk until the milestones were ultimately achieved. We also are eligible
to receive tiered, double-digit royalties ranging from the upper-teens to the mid-twenties on future JAKAVI net sales outside of the United States. Since the achievement of the $60.0 million
regulatory milestone related to reimbursement of JAKAVI in Europe in September 2014, we are now obligated to pay to Novartis tiered royalties in the low single digits on future JAKAFI net sales within
the United States. During the year ended December 31, 2014, such royalties payable to Novartis on net sales within the United States totaled $2.2 million and are reflected in cost of
product revenues on the consolidated statement of operations. Each company is responsible for costs relating to the development and  

 89 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 5. License Agreements (Continued)  

 commercialization
of ruxolitinib in its respective territories, with costs of collaborative studies shared equally. Novartis is now responsible for all costs relating to the development and
commercialization of capmatinib.  

         The
Novartis agreement will continue on a program-by-program basis until Novartis has no royalty payment obligations with respect to such program or, if earlier, the termination of the
agreement or any program in accordance with the terms of the agreement. Royalties are payable by Novartis on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis until the latest to occur of
(1) the expiration of the last valid claim of the licensed patent rights covering the licensed product in the relevant country, (2) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity for the
licensed product in such country and (3) a specified period from first commercial sale in such country of the licensed product by Novartis or its affiliates or sublicensees. The agreement may
be terminated in its entirety or on a program-by-program basis by Novartis for convenience. The agreement may also be terminated by either party under certain other circumstances, including material
breach.  

         We
determined that there were two deliverables under the agreement: (i) the ex U.S. license for ruxolitinib and (ii) our obligations in connection with our participation on
the joint development committee for myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera/essential thrombocythemia. We concluded that these deliverables should be accounted for as a single unit of accounting and the
$150.0 million upfront payment received in December 2009 and the immediate $60.0 million milestone payment received in January 2010 should be recognized on a straight line basis through
December 2013, when we estimated we would complete our obligations in connection with our participation on the joint development committee for myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera, our estimated
performance period under the
agreement. We completed this substantive performance obligation related to this arrangement in December 2013.  

         At
December 31, 2009, we recorded $10.9 million of reimbursable costs incurred prior to the effective date of the agreement as deferred revenue on the consolidated balance
sheet. These costs were recognized on a straight line basis through December 2013 consistent with the aforementioned upfront and milestone payments. Future reimbursable costs incurred after the
effective date of the agreement with Novartis will be recorded net against the related research and development expenses. At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, $0.3 million
and $1.7 million, respectively, of reimbursable costs were included in accounts receivable on the consolidated balance sheets. Research and development expenses for the years ended
December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were net of $3.1 million, $5.1 million, and $4.4 million respectively, of costs reimbursed by Novartis.  

         Contract
revenue under the Novartis agreement was $92.0 million, $78.2 million and $94.1 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013
and 2012. Included in the amounts for December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, were $92.0 million, $25.0 million and $40.0 million, respectively, in milestone payments received
from Novartis. In addition, for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, we recorded $49.0 million, $28.3 million and $3.7 million, of product
royalty revenues related to Novartis net sales of JAKAVI outside the United States. At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, $14.8 million and $8.3 million,
respectively, of product royalties were included in accounts receivable on the consolidated balance sheets.  

 


 


Lilly   

         In December 2009, we entered into a License, Development and Commercialization Agreement with Lilly. Under the terms of the agreement,
Lilly received exclusive worldwide development and  

 90 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 5. License Agreements (Continued)  

 commercialization
rights to our JAK inhibitor baricitinib, and certain back-up compounds for inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. We received an upfront payment of $90.0 million, and were
initially eligible to receive up to $665.0 million in substantive milestone payments across multiple indications upon the achievement of pre-specified events, including up to
$150.0 million for the achievement of development milestones, up to $365.0 million for the achievement of regulatory milestones and up to $150.0 million for the achievement of
commercialization milestones. As of December 31, 2014, we have recognized and received in the aggregate $99.0 million for the achievement of development milestones.  


         In
2012, we recognized a $50.0 million development milestone under this agreement for the achievement of a predefined milestone for the initiation of the rheumatoid arthritis
Phase III program for baricitinib. In 2010, we recognized and received a $30.0 million development milestone payment based upon the initial three month data in the Phase IIa
clinical trial of baricitinib for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and a $19.0 million development milestone payment for the Phase IIb clinical trial initiation of baricitinib for
the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. We determined the 2012 and 2010 milestones to be substantive as their achievement required substantive efforts by us and was at risk until the milestones were
ultimately achieved. We also could receive tiered, double-digit royalty payments on future global net sales with rates ranging up to 20% if the product is successfully commercialized.  

         We
retained options to co-develop our JAK inhibitors with Lilly on a compound-by-compound and indication-by-indication basis. Lilly is responsible for all costs relating to the
development and commercialization of the compounds unless we elect to co-develop any compounds or indications. If we elect to co-develop any compounds and/or indications, we would be responsible for
funding 30% of the associated future global development costs from the initiation of a Phase IIb trial through regulatory approval. We would receive an incremental royalty rate increase across
all tiers resulting in effective royalty rates ranging up to the high twenties on potential future global net sales for compounds and/or indications that we elect to co-develop. We also retained an
option to co-promote products in the United States. In July 2010, we elected to co-develop baricitinib with Lilly in rheumatoid arthritis and we are responsible for funding 30% of the associated
future global development costs for this indication from the initiation of the Phase IIb trial through regulatory approval. Research and development expenses recorded under the Lilly agreement
representing 30% of the global development costs for baricitinib for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis were $49.3 million, $52.4 million and $18.5 million for the years ended
December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. We have retained certain mechanisms to give us cost protection as baricitinib advances in clinical development. We can defer our portion of
co-development study costs by indication if they exceed a predetermined level. This deferment would be credited against future milestones or royalties and we would still be eligible for the full
incremental royalties related to the co-development option. In addition, even if we have started co-development funding for any indication, we can at any time opt out and stop future co-development
cost sharing. If we elect to do this we would still be eligible for our base royalties plus an incremental pro-rated royalty commensurate with our contribution to the total co-development cost for
those indications for which we co-funded. The Lilly agreement will continue until Lilly no longer has any royalty payment obligations or, if earlier, the termination of the agreement in accordance
with its terms. Royalties are payable by Lilly on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis until the latest to occur of (1) the expiration of the last valid claim of the licensed
patent rights covering the licensed product in the relevant country, (2) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity for the licensed product in such country and (3) a specified period from
first commercial sale in such country of the licensed product by Lilly or its affiliates or sublicensees. The agreement may be  

 91 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 5. License Agreements (Continued)  

 terminated
by Lilly for convenience, and may also be terminated under certain other circumstances, including material breach.  

         We
determined that there were two deliverables under the agreement: (i) the worldwide license and (ii) our obligations in connection with a co-development option. We
concluded that these deliverables should be accounted for as a single unit of accounting and the $90.0 million upfront payment should be recognized on a straight line basis as revenue through
December 2016, our estimated performance period under the agreement.  

         Contract
revenue under the Lilly agreement was $12.9 million, $12.9 million and $62.9 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and
2012. Included in the amount for the year ended December 31, 2012 was $50.0 million in connection with milestone payments earned from Lilly.  


 


 


Pfizer   

         In January 2006, we entered into a Collaborative Research and License Agreement with Pfizer for the pursuit of our CCR2 antagonist
program. Pfizer gained worldwide development and commercialization rights to our portfolio of CCR2 antagonist compounds. Pfizer's rights extend to the full scope of potential indications, with the
exception of multiple sclerosis and autoimmune nephritides, where we retained worldwide rights, along with certain compounds. We do not have obligations to Pfizer on pre-clinical development
candidates we select for pursuit in these indications. The agreement will terminate upon the expiration of the last to expire of patent rights licensed under the agreement. Prior to such expiration,
either party can terminate the agreement for the uncured material breach of the agreement by the other party or for the insolvency of the other party. In addition, Pfizer may terminate the agreement
at any time upon 90 days' notice. We received an upfront nonrefundable, non-creditable payment of $40.0 million in January 2006 and are eligible to receive additional future development
and milestone payments.  

 


 


Note 6. Property and Equipment   

 
        Property and equipment consists of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   
 
 
   Office equipment 
   
 
 
$ 
 6,090 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,332 
   
 
 
   Laboratory equipment 
   
   
 26,800 
   
   
 20,228 
   
 
 
   Computer equipment 
   
   
 18,648 
   
   
 13,930 
   
 
 
   Building and leasehold improvements 
   
   
 64,926 
   
   
 2,454 
   
 
 
   Assets under construction 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 20,377  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 116,464 
   
   
 59,321 
   
 
 
   Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 (34,674 
 ) 
   
 (32,473 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 81,790 
   
 
 
$ 
 26,848  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Depreciation
expense, including amortization expense of leasehold improvements, was $5.1 million, $3.2 million and $2.9 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively.  

 92 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 Table of Contents   

 
INCYTE CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

 


 


Note 6. Property and Equipment (Continued)   

 
        In 2013, we entered into a lease agreement for a new corporate headquarters, which consists of approximately 190,000 square feet of laboratory and office space located in Wilmington,
Delaware. The term of this lease is 15 years from the date of commencement. The construction of the facility was completed and the lease commenced on October 1, 2014 with a monthly lease
rate of $0.5 million for the first 10 years of the lease and with the monthly lease rate increasing annually during the last five years of lease.  

         We
are accounting for the lease as a direct financing arrangement whereby over the construction period, we recorded the value of the facility (consisting of the estimated fair value of
the existing shell, plus construction costs incurred) as a capital asset, with a corresponding lease liability, net of build out costs paid for by us during the construction period. The lease
liability will be amortized over the term of the lease using the effective interest method. In addition, we have posted a $15.0 million letter of credit for the facility lease for the benefit
of the landlord, which is collateralized by a restricted investments account for the same amount. This amount was recorded as restricted investments on the consolidated balance sheets and will be
reduced over a period of time during the duration of the lease. The letter of credit could be subject to accelerated reductions if we meet certain pre-defined financial targets. Restricted investments
on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively was $14.5 million and $15.0 million.  

 


 


Note 7. Debt Issuance Costs   


 
        Debt issuance costs, related primarily to costs incurred with the private placements of our 2015 Notes , 2018 Notes and 2020 Notes are included in other assets on the accompanying
balance sheets and consist of the following (in thousands):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31, 2014  
   
 December 31, 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 Gross Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Other 
Assets, 
Net  
   
 Gross Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Other 
Assets, 
Net  
   
 
 
   Debt issuance costs 
   
 
 
$ 
 19,239 
   
 
 
$ 
 (5,288 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 13,951 
   
 
 
$ 
 19,424 
   
 
 
$ 
 (2,340 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 17,084 
   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 8. Convertible Notes   

 
        The components of the convertible notes are as follows (in thousands):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Carrying Amount,  
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 Interest Rates 
December 31, 2014  
   
   
   
 
 
 Debt

 

  
   
 Maturities  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   4.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2015 
   
   
 4.75 
 % 
   
 2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 85,640 
   
 
 
$ 
 84,193 
   
 
 
   0.375% Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 
   
   
 0.375 
 % 
   
 2018 
   
   
 314,752 
   
   
 301,037 
   
 
 
   1.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2020 
   
   
 1.25 
 % 
   
 2020 
   
   
 288,726 
   
   
 276,337  
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 689,118 
   
   
 661,567 
   
 
 
   Less current portion 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 85,640 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 603,478 
   
 
 
$ 
 661,567  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  93 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 8. Convertible Notes (Continued)  


         Annual
maturities of all convertible notes are as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 90.9 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 375.0 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 375.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 840.9  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
carrying amount and fair value of our convertible notes are as follows (in thousands):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Fair Value  
   
 Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Fair Value  
   
 
 
   4.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 85,640 
   
 
 
$ 
 755,143 
   
 
 
$ 
 84,193 
   
 
 
$ 
 556,272 
   
 
 
   0.375% Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 
   
   
 314,752 
   
   
 560,156 
   
   
 301,037 
   
   
 448,350 
   
 
 
   1.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2020 
   
   
 288,726 
   
   
 577,736 
   
   
 276,337 
   
   
 454,913  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 689,118 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,893,035 
   
 
 
$ 
 661,567 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,459,535  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
fair values of the 2015 Notes, the 2018 Notes and the 2020 Notes are based on data from readily available pricing sources which utilize market observable inputs and other
characteristics for similar types of instruments, and, therefore, these convertible senior notes are classified within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.  

         On
November 14, 2013, we issued, in a private placement, $375.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2018 Notes and $375.0 million aggregate principal amount of
the 2020 Notes (together with the 2018 Notes, the "Notes"). Entities affiliated with Julian C. Baker, one of our directors and principal stockholders (the "Baker Entities"), purchased
$250.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2018 Notes and $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2020 Notes in this private placement. The 2018 Notes bear interest at a
rate of 0.375% per annum and the 2020 Notes bear interest at a rate of 1.25% per annum, in each case payable semi-annually in arrears in cash on May 15 and November 15 of each year,
beginning on May 15, 2014. The 2018 Notes will mature on November 15, 2018 and the 2020 Notes will mature on November 15, 2020, in each case unless earlier purchased or converted.
We may not redeem the Notes prior to their relevant scheduled maturity dates.  

         Prior
to May 14, 2014, the Notes were not convertible except in connection with a make-whole fundamental change, as defined in the respective indentures. Beginning on, and
including, May 15, 2014, the Notes are convertible prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding May 15, 2018, in the case of the 2018 Notes, and
May 15, 2020, in the case of the 2020 Notes, only under the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on March 31, 2014
(and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days
ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price for the 2018 Notes or 2020 Notes, as applicable, on each
applicable  

 94 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 8. Convertible Notes (Continued)  

 trading
day; (2) during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period (the "measurement period") in which the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of 2018
Notes or 2020 Notes, as applicable, for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock and the conversion rate for the
2018 Notes or 2020 Notes, as applicable, on each such trading day; or (3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after May 15, 2018, in the case of the 2018 Notes, and
May 15, 2020, in the case of the 2020 Notes, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the relevant maturity date, the Notes are convertible at any
time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Upon conversion we will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at our
election.  

         On
January 1, 2015, the 2018 Notes and 2020 Notes became convertible through at least March 31, 2015, based on the meeting the conversion criteria related to the sale price
of our common stock during the calendar quarter ended December 31, 2014 as described in (1) above. Management's intent is to settle any conversions of 2018 Notes or 2020 Notes during
this period in shares of our common stock and, therefore, the 2018 Notes and 2020 Notes are reflected in long term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2014.  

         The
initial conversion rate for the 2018 Notes is 19.3207 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount, equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $51.76 per share.
The initial conversion rate for the 2020 Notes is 19.3207 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount, equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $51.76 per share. The
conversion rate for each series of the Notes will be subject to adjustment for certain events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. Upon the occurrence of certain fundamental
changes, the holders of the Notes may require us to purchase all or a portion of their Notes for cash at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest,
including additional interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change purchase date. In addition, if, and to the extent, a holder elects to convert any Note in connection with a make-whole
fundamental change transaction, as defined in the indenture, we will, under certain circumstances, increase the applicable conversion rate by a number of additional shares of our common stock.  

         Since
the 2018 Notes and 2020 Notes can be settled in cash or common shares or a combination of cash and common shares at our option, we determined the embedded conversion options in the
2018 Notes and the 2020 Notes are not required to be separately accounted for as a derivative. However, since the 2018 Notes and the 2020 Notes are within the scope of the accounting guidance for cash
convertible instruments, we are required to separate the 2018 Notes and 2020 Notes into a liability and equity component. The carrying amount of the liability component is calculated by measuring the
fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated equity component. The carrying amount of the equity component representing the embedded conversion option is determined by deducting
the fair value of the liability component from the initial proceeds. The excess of the principal amount of the liability component over its carrying amount is amortized to interest expense over the
expected life of a similar liability that does not have an associated equity component using the effective interest method. The equity component is not re-measured as long as it continues to meet the
conditions for equity classification in the accounting guidance for contracts in an entity's own equity.  

         The
liability component of the 2018 Notes on the date of issuance was estimated at $299.4 million, and accordingly, the equity component on the date of issuance was
$75.6 million. The discount on the 2018  

 95 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 8. Convertible Notes (Continued)  

 Notes
is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Notes, using the effective interest method. The carrying value of the 2018 Notes was $314.8 million and $301.0 million,
respectively at December 31, 2014 and 2013.  

         The
liability component of the 2020 Notes on the date of issuance was estimated at $274.8 million, and accordingly, the equity component on the date of issuance was
$100.2 million. The discount on the 2020 Notes is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Notes, using the effective interest method. The carrying value of the 2020 Notes was
$288.7 million and $276.3 million, respectively, at December 31, 2014 and 2013.  


         The
2015 Notes bear interest at the rate of 4.75% per year, payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1, and are due October 1, 2015. We may not redeem the 2015
Notes prior to their scheduled maturity date. If we undergo a fundamental change, as defined in the indenture, subject to certain conditions, holders may require us to repurchase their 2015 Notes at a
purchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount being purchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, up to the date of purchase. The 2015 Notes are convertible into shares of our common stock at an
initial conversion rate of 113.9601 shares per $1,000 principal amount, equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $8.78 per share. In addition, if, and to the extent, a holder elects
to convert any 2015 Notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change transaction, as defined in the indenture, we will, under certain circumstances, increase the applicable conversion rate by
a number of additional shares of our common stock. The carrying value of the 2015 Notes was $85.6 million and $84.2 million, respectively, at December 31, 2014 and 2013. We
accrete the 2015 Notes up to their remaining face value of over the remaining term by recording interest expense under the effective interest method. During 2013, we entered into separately negotiated
agreements with certain holders of the 2015 Notes pursuant to which such holders agreed to exchange a total of $186.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2015 Notes for the shares of
our common stock into which the 2015 Notes were convertible, aggregating 21.2 million shares, and $11.5 million in cash. During 2014, we entered into separately negotiated agreements
with certain holders of the 2015 Notes pursuant to which such holders agreed to exchange a total of $4.9 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2015 Notes for the shares of our common
stock into which the 2015 Notes were convertible, aggregating 0.7 million shares, and $0.3 million in cash. We have recorded $0.3 million and $11.5 million, respectively,
in debt exchange expense on senior note conversions for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.  

         Also
during 2013, we used a portion of the net proceeds from the 2018 Notes and the 2020 Notes to repurchase a portion of the outstanding 2015 Notes held by the Baker Entities, in
privately negotiated transactions, for an aggregate consideration, including accrued interest, of approximately $500.0 million. The repurchase resulted in the retirement of approximately
$117.3 million aggregate principal amount of the 2015 Notes. As the 2015 Notes could not be settled for cash under their original terms, the repurchase represents a modification of the original
arrangement, and as the modification was deemed substantial, extinguishment accounting applies for both the liability and equity components of the 2015 Notes that were repurchased. In order to
allocate the $500.0 million repurchase price to the debt and equity components of the 2015 Notes that were repurchased, we estimated the relative fair value of these components. This fair value
resulted in $118.6 million attributed to the debt component and $381.4 million attributed to the equity component. The difference between the $118.6 million attributed to the debt
component and the $100.7 million carrying value of the repurchased 2015 Notes of $17.9 million was recorded as a loss on debt repurchase of senior notes in our consolidated statement of
operations for the year ended December 31,  

 96 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 8. Convertible Notes (Continued)  

 2013.
The $381.4 million of the repurchase price attributed to the equity component was recorded as a reduction of additional-paid-in-capital.  

 


 


Note 9. Stockholders' Deficit   

         Preferred Stock.     We are authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, none of which was outstanding as of December 31,
2014 and
2013. The Board of Directors may determine the rights, preferences and privileges of any preferred stock issued in the future.  

          Common Stock.     We are authorized to issue 400,000,000 shares of common stock.  


         Stock Compensation Plans.     As of December 31, 2014, we had reserved a total of 16,359,131 shares of our common stock for future
issuance
related to our stock plans as described below.  

          2010 Stock Incentive Plan.     In May 2010 the Board of Directors adopted the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, which was amended and restated in
April 2014
(the "2010 Plan") for issuance of common stock to employees, non-employee directors, consultants, and scientific advisors. Options granted to employees, consultants, and scientific advisors under the
2010 Plan vest over three years, pursuant to a formula determined by our Board of Directors, and expire after seven years. All options are exercisable at the fair market value of the stock on the date
of grant. Non-employee director options expire after ten years. In May 2012, our stockholders approved an increase in the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2010 Plan
from 12,553,475 to 16,553,475. In May 2013, our stockholders approved an increase in the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2010
Plan from 16,553,475 to 21,753,475. In May 2014, our stockholders approved an increase in the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2010 Plan from 21,753,475 to
24,753,475.  

         Option
activity under the 2010 Stock Plan was as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Shares Subject to 
Outstanding Options  
   
 
 
   
   
 Shares Available 
for Grant  
   
 Shares  
   
 Weighted Average 
Exercise Price  
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 4,676,614 
   
   
 20,123,089 
   
 
 
$ 
 15.16 
   
 
 
   Additional authorization 
   
   
 2,300,000 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Options granted 
   
   
 (1,864,296 
 ) 
   
 1,864,296 
   
 
 
$ 
 60.37 
   
 
 
   Options exercised 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (7,044,844 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 12.36 
   
 
 
   Options cancelled 
   
   
 287,498 
   
   
 (287,498 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 30.06  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 5,399,816 
   
   
 14,655,043 
   
 
 
$ 
 21.96  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Options
to purchase a total of 10,486,757, 12,474,119 and 14,596,823 shares as of December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, were exercisable and vested. The aggregate
intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were $359.7 million, $141.8 million and $61.3 million, respectively. At
December 31, 2014 the aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding and vested options are $749.6 million and $745.0 million, respectively.  

 97 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 



 


Note 9. Stockholders' Deficit (Continued)  

         The
following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2014 for the 2010 Plan:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Options Outstanding  
   
 Options Exercisable  
   
 
 
 Range of Exercise Prices

 

  
   
 Number 
Outstanding  
   
 Weighted Average 
Remaining 
Contractual Life  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Exercise 
Price  
   
 Number 
Exercisable  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Exercise 
Price  
   
 
 
   $2.80 - $9.41 
   
   
 1,977,897 
   
   
 1.54 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.26 
   
   
 1,977,897 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.26 
   
 
 
   $9.50 - $14.60 
   
   
 861,113 
   
   
 2.32 
   
   
 12.46 
   
   
 861,113 
   
   
 12.46 
   
 
 
   $14.72 - $14.72 
   
   
 1,669,468 
   
   
 3.07 
   
   
 14.72 
   
   
 1,669,468 
   
   
 14.72 
   
 
 
   $14.74 - $17.50 
   
   
 450,244 
   
   
 4.05 
   
   
 16.38 
   
   
 323,432 
   
   
 16.17 
   
 
 
   $17.79 - $17.79 
   
   
 2,561,696 
   
   
 4.05 
   
   
 17.79 
   
   
 2,468,082 
   
   
 17.79 
   
 
 
   $17.89 - $18.30 
   
   
 307,089 
   
   
 4.33 
   
   
 18.12 
   
   
 244,391 
   
   
 18.14 
   
 
 
   $18.32 - $18.32 
   
   
 3,528,261 
   
   
 5.10 
   
   
 18.32 
   
   
 1,995,565 
   
   
 18.32 
   
 
 
   $18.97 - $40.85 
   
   
 1,471,736 
   
   
 5.51 
   
   
 28.09 
   
   
 880,999 
   
   
 25.04 
   
 
 
   $47.24 - $64.55 
   
   
 1,749,131 
   
   
 6.31 
   
   
 59.65 
   
   
 65,810 
   
   
 52.62 
   
 
 
   $67.06 - $74.20 
   
   
 78,408 
   
   
 6.84 
   
   
 68.12 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 14,655,043 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 10,486,757 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  

 


 


Restricted Stock Units and Performance Stock Units.   

 

         In January 2014, we began granting RSUs and PSUs to our employees at the share price on the date of grant. Each RSU represents the
right to acquire one share of our common stock. We granted a total of 363,179 RSUs during the year ended December 31, 2014 which will cliff vest in three years and will be recognized as stock
compensation expense over this period.
Also, in January 2014, Hervé Hoppenot, our President and Chief Executive Officer, was granted a one-time grant of 400,000 RSUs outside of our 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. Vesting of the
RSUs will be subject to Mr. Hoppenot's continued employment on the applicable vesting dates, with one-sixth of the RSUs vesting at the end of each of the calendar years 2014 through 2019,
subject to earlier acceleration of vesting upon the occurrence of certain events in accordance with the terms of his employment agreement.  

         We
granted a total of 55,326 PSUs during the year ended December 31, 2014. At December 31, 2014, we have recognized stock compensation expense for these awards if the
performance conditions were deemed probable of achievement at that date. For PSUs containing performance conditions which have not been deemed probable of achievement at December 31, 2014, no
stock compensation expense has been recognized for these awards. The actual number of shares of our common stock into which each PSU may convert are subject to a multiplier of up to 125% based on the
level at which the performance conditions are achieved.  

         Based
on our historical experience of employee turnover, we have assumed an annualized forfeiture rate of 5% for our options, PSUs and RSUs. Under the true-up provisions of the stock
compensation guidance, we will record additional expense as the awards vest if the actual forfeiture rate is lower than we estimated, and will record a recovery of prior expense if the actual
forfeiture is higher than we estimated.  

 98 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 9. Stockholders' Deficit (Continued)  

         RSU
and PSU award activity under the 2010 Stock Plan was as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Shares Subject to 
Outstanding Awards  
   
 
 
   
   
 Shares Available 
for Grant  
   
 Shares  
   
 Weighted Average 
Exercise Price  
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 700,000 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Additional authorization 
   
   
 700,000 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   RSUs granted 
   
   
 (363,179 
 ) 
   
 363,179 
   
 
 
$ 
 57.02 
   
 
 
   PSUs granted 
   
   
 (55,326 
 ) 
   
 55,326 
   
 
 
$ 
 62.52 
   
 
 
   RSUs cancelled 
   
   
 14,984 
   
   
 (14,984 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   PSUs cancelled 
   
   
 5,044 
   
   
 (5,044 
 ) 
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 1,001,523 
   
   
 398,477 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 
  
           Employee Stock Purchase Plan.     On May 21, 1997, our stockholders adopted the 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP"). Each
regular
full-time and part-time employee working 20 hours or more per week is eligible to participate after one month of employment. We issued 193,657, 390,000 and 378,041 shares under the ESPP in
2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 we recorded stock compensation expense of $1.9 million, $1.5 million and
$1.4 million, respectively, as the ESPP is considered compensatory under the FASB stock compensation rules. As of December 31, 2014, 905,611 shares remain available for issuance under
the ESPP.  

 


 


Note 10. Stock Compensation   

 
        We recorded $62.2 million, $38.4 million and $38.5 million, respectively, of stock compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
We utilized the Black-Scholes valuation model for estimating the fair value of the stock options granted, with the following weighted-average assumptions:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Employee Stock Options 
For the Year Ended  
   
 Employee Stock 
Purchase Plan 
For the Year Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Average risk-free interest rates 
   
   
 1.21 
 % 
   
 0.62 
 % 
   
 0.49 
 % 
   
 0.55 
 % 
   
 0.27 
 % 
   
 0.28 
 % 
 
 
   Average expected life (in years) 
   
   
 4.54 
   
   
 4.27 
   
   
 3.90 
   
   
 0.50 
   
   
 0.50 
   
   
 0.50 
   
 
 
   Volatility 
   
   
 51 
 % 
   
 48 
 % 
   
 57 
 % 
   
 48 
 % 
   
 49 
 % 
   
 50 
 % 
 
 
   Weighted-average fair value (in dollars) 
   
   
 25.65 
   
   
 8.18 
   
   
 7.73 
   
   
 9.56 
   
   
 4.22 
   
   
 3.68 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
risk-free interest rate is derived from the U.S. Federal Reserve rate in effect at the time of grant. The expected life calculation is based on the observed and expected time to the
exercise of options by our employees based on historical exercise patterns for similar type options. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our common stock over the period
commensurate with the expected life of the options. A dividend yield of zero is assumed based on the fact that we have never paid cash dividends and have no present intention to pay cash dividends.  

 99 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 

 Table of Contents   

 
INCYTE CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

 


 


Note 10. Stock Compensation (Continued)   

 
        Total compensation cost of options granted but not yet vested, as of December 31, 2014, was $24.3 million, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average
period of 3.0 years. Total compensation cost of RSUs granted but not yet vested, as of December 31, 2014, was $24.1 million, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted
average period of 3.0 years. Total compensation cost of PSUs granted but not yet vested, as of December 31, 2014, was $0.8 million, which is expected to be recognized over the
weighted average period of 3.0 years, should the underlying performance conditions be deemed probable of achievement.  

 


 


Note 11. Income Taxes   

 
        A reconciliation of income taxes at the U.S. federal statutory rate to the provision for income taxes is as follows (in thousands):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Benefit at U.S. federal statutory rate 
   
 
 
$ 
 (16,992 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (28,997 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (15,451 
 ) 
 
 
   Unbenefitted net operating losses and tax credits 
   
   
 13,432 
   
   
 18,215 
   
   
 6,492 
   
 
 
   Non-deductible amortization of debt discount 
   
   
 2,294 
   
   
 6,645 
   
   
 8,347 
   
 
 
   Non-deductible interest expense 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 747 
   
   
 376 
   
 
 
   Non-deductible debt exchange expense and loss on repurchase of senior notes 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 7,985 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax impact of law change 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (5,549 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 1,199 
   
   
 1,253 
   
   
 410  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Provision for income taxes 
   
 
 
$ 
 (66 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 299 
   
 
 
$ 
 174  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were for certain state income taxes.  

 100 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


 


 


Note 11. Income Taxes (Continued)  

         Significant
components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in thousands):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Deferred tax assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Federal and state net operating loss carry forwards 
   
 
 
$ 
 504,267 
   
 
 
$ 
 513,000 
   
 
 
   Federal and state research credits 
   
   
 165,352 
   
   
 122,000 
   
 
 
   Capitalized research and development 
   
   
 2,475 
   
   
 8,000 
   
 
 
   Deferred revenue and accruals 
   
   
 15,799 
   
   
 21,000 
   
 
 
   Non-cash compensation 
   
   
 31,248 
   
   
 23,000 
   
 
 
   Deferred financing obligation 
   
   
 20,383 
   
   
 8,000 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 8,306 
   
   
 9,000  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total gross deferred tax assets 
   
   
 747,830 
   
   
 704,000 
   
 
 
   Less valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
   
 (669,168 
 ) 
   
 (627,000 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net deferred tax assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 78,662 
   
 
 
$ 
 77,000  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property and equipment 
   
 
 
$ 
 (19,925 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (8,000 
 ) 
 
 
   Equity component of 2018 Notes and 2020 Notes 
   
   
 (58,737 
 ) 
   
 (69,000 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total gross deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 (78,662 
 ) 
   
 (77,000 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Net deferred income taxes 
   
 

 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets increased by approximately $42.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2014, decreased by approximately
$50.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2013 and decreased by approximately $16.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2012. Management believes the
uncertainty regarding the realization of net deferred tax assets requires a full valuation allowance against such net asset. We believe that a full valuation allowance continues to be appropriate
given our history of net operating losses, cumulative book losses and uncertainties surrounding the timing and amount of future taxable income.  

         As
of December 31, 2014, we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards ("NOLs") of approximately $1.8 billion. The federal and state NOLs will expire at various
dates from 2020 through 2034, if not utilized. Our ability to utilize these NOLs may be limited under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 ("Section 382"). Section 382 imposes annual
limitations on the utilization of NOL carryfowards and other tax attributes upon an ownership change. In general terms, an ownership change may result from transactions that increase the aggregate
ownership of certain stockholders in our stock by more than 50 percentage points over a testing period (generally three years). These ownership changes may limit the amount of net operating
loss and research and development credit carryforwards that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively.  

         We
completed a Section 382 analysis through the year ended December 31, 2013. Based on this analysis, our NOLs and other tax attributes accumulated through 2013 should not
be limited under Section 382. We have not yet updated our Section 382 analysis through 2014. Future utilization of NOLs and other tax attributes is dependent upon our ability to generate
sufficient taxable income during the  

 101 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


 


 


Note 11. Income Taxes (Continued)  

 carryforward
periods. When tax attributes are used, NOLs are used before tax credits and this will likely result in expiration of certain tax credits.  

         We
have no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2014 and 2013.  

         Our
policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions, if any, in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, we did not accrue any
interest related to uncertain tax positions. Due to NOL and tax credit carry forwards that remain unutilized, income tax returns for tax years 1997 through 2013 remain subject to examination by the
taxing jurisdictions.  

         In
connection with the adoption of stock-based compensation guidance in 2006, we elected to follow the with-and-without approach to determine the sequence in which deductions and NOL
carryforwards are utilized. Accordingly, there have only been de minimis excess tax benefits related to stock option exercises in any year as a result of the utilization of NOL carryforwards to offset
any taxable income. The table of deferred tax assets shown above does not include certain deferred tax assets at December 31, 2014 and 2013 that arose directly from tax deductions related to
equity compensation in excess of compensation recognized for book purposes. Additional paid in capital will be increased by approximately $249.5 million if and when such deferred tax assets are
ultimately realized.  

         At
December 31, 2014, we also had federal and state research and development tax credit and orphan drug credit carryforwards of approximately $165.4 million that will
expire at various dates from 2018 through 2034, if not utilized. The American Tax Relief Act of 2012, enacted January 2, 2013, retroactively reinstated the research and development credit for
2012 and 2013. Accordingly, in 2013 we recorded credits of approximately $5.5 million related to 2012 as a result of the retroactive reinstatement. The Tax Increase Prevention Act of 2014,
enacted December 19, 2014, reinstated the research and development credit for 2014.  

 


 


Note 12. Net Loss Per Share   

 
        For all periods presented, both basic and diluted net loss per common share are computed by dividing the net loss by the number of weighted average common shares outstanding during the
period. Stock options and potential common shares issuable upon conversion of the 2015 Notes, 2018 Notes, 2020 Notes and the convertible subordinated note issued to Pfizer (the "Pfizer Note") were
excluded from
the computation of diluted net loss per share, as their share effect was anti-dilutive for all periods presented.  

 102 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


 


 


Note 12. Net Loss Per Share (Continued)  

         The
potential common shares that were excluded from the diluted net loss per share computation are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Outstanding stock awards 
   
   
 15,453,520 
   
   
 20,123,089 
   
   
 21,816,611 
   
 
 
   Common shares issuable upon conversion of 4.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2015(1) 
   
   
 10,353,416 
   
   
 11,006,854 
   
   
 45,584,040 
   
 
 
   Common shares issuable upon conversion of Pfizer Note due 2014(2) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,025,641 
   
 
 
   Common shares issuable upon conversion of 0.375% Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 
   
   
 7,245,263 
   
   
 7,245,263 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Common shares issuable upon conversion of 1.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2020 
   
   
 7,245,263 
   
   
 7,245,263 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total potential common shares excluded from diluted net loss per share computation 
   
   
 40,297,462 
   
   
 45,620,469 
   
   
 68,426,292  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) In
2013, we entered into separately negotiated agreements with certain holders of the 2015 Notes to exchange $186.0 million principal amount for
21,208,303 shares of common stock and cash. Also in 2013, we used a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the 2018 Notes and the 2020 Notes to repurchase $117.3 million aggregate
principal amount of the 2015 Notes held by the Baker Entities, a related party, in privately negotiated transactions, for an aggregate consideration, including accrued interest, of approximately
$500.0 million. The repurchase reduced common shares issuable upon conversion of the 2015 Notes by 13,368,883 shares.
 (2) In
connection with the collaborative research and license agreement, Pfizer purchased the Pfizer Note, a $10.0 million principal amount note that was
due in 2014. In August 2013, the holder of the Pfizer Note elected to convert the $10.0 million principal amount into 1,025,641 shares of common stock.   
  
  


 


Note 13. Defined Contribution Plan   

 
        We have a defined contribution plan qualified under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code covering all domestic employees. Employees may contribute a portion of their
compensation, which is then matched by us, subject to certain limitations. Defined contribution expense was $2.4 million, $1.9 million and $1.7 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively.  

 


 


Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies   

 
        As of December 31, 2014, we had a non-cancelable direct financing lease for our current corporate headquarters facility in Wilmington, Delaware. The term of this lease is
15 years from the date of commencement. The lease commenced in October 2014 with a monthly lease rate of $0.5 million for the first 10 years of the lease with the monthly lease
rate increasing annually during the last five years of lease. This lease expires in 2029.  

 103 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued)  

         Rent
expense for all leases for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, was approximately $7.0 million, $6.4 million and $6.1 million, respectively.  

         As
of December 31, 2014, future non-cancelable minimum payments under operating, direct financing and capital leases, were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Year ended December 31,

 

  
   
 Operating Leases  
   
 Direct Financing  
   
 Capital Lease  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   
 (in thousands) 
   
 (in thousands) 
   
 
 
   2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.2 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 5.4 
   
   
 0.1 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 5.4 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 5.4 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 0.7 
   
   
 5.4 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 57.6 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total minimum lease payments 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 85.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
table above excludes certain commitments that are contingent upon future events. The most significant of these contractual commitments that we consider to be contingent obligations
are summarized below.  

         We
have entered into and may in the future seek to license additional rights relating to technologies or drug candidates in connection with our drug discovery and development programs.
Under these licenses, we may be required to pay up-front fees, milestone payments, and royalties on sales of future products.    

 


 


Note 15. Interim Consolidated Financial Information (Unaudited)   

   
       (in thousands, except per share data)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal 2014 Quarter Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 March 31  
   
 June 30  
   
 September 30  
   
 December 31  
   
 
 
   Revenues(1) 
   
 
 
$ 
 89,792 
   
 
 
$ 
 99,582 
   
 
 
$ 
 198,147 
   
 
 
$ 
 123,973 
   
 
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
   
 (33,957 
 ) 
   
 (36,873 
 ) 
   
 59,293 
   
   
 (36,944 
 ) 
 
 
   Basic net income (loss) per share 
   
   
 (0.21 
 ) 
   
 (0.22 
 ) 
   
 0.35 
   
   
 (0.22 
 ) 
 
 
   Diluted net income (loss) per share 
   
   
 (0.21 
 ) 
   
 (0.22 
 ) 
   
 0.33 
   
   
 (0.22 
 ) 
 
 
   Shares used in computation of basic net income (loss) per share 
   
   
 165,357 
   
   
 167,914 
   
   
 168,592 
   
   
 169,924 
   
 
 
   Shares used in computation of diluted net income (loss) per share 
   
   
 165,357 
   
   
 167,914 
   
   
 189,046 
   
   
 169,924 
   
 
 
 
  
  104 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 15. Interim Consolidated Financial Information (Unaudited) (Continued)  

   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fiscal 2013 Quarter Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 March 31  
   
 June 30  
   
 September 30  
   
 December 31  
   
 
 
   Revenues(2) 
   
 
 
$ 
 71,077 
   
 
 
$ 
 101,675 
   
 
 
$ 
 85,123 
   
   
 97,072 
   
 
 
   Net loss 
   
 
 
$ 
 (15,669 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (2,571 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (22,037 
 ) 
   
 (42,870 
 ) 
 
 
   Basic and diluted net loss per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.12 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (0.02 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (0.14 
 ) 
   
 (0.26 
 ) 
 
 
   Shares used in computation of basic and diluted net loss per share 
   
   
 134,345 
   
   
 142,284 
   
   
 155,067 
   
   
 161,914 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) The
quarters ended March 31, 2014, June 30, 2014, September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2014 include $69.7 million,
$84.0 million, $97.8 million and $106.0 million, respectively of product revenues, net, relating to JAKAFI. The quarters ended March 31, 2014, June 30, 2014,
September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2014 include $9.8 million, $12.3 million, $12.1 million and $14.7 million, respectively of product royalty revenues
related to the sale of JAKAVI outside the United States. In November 2009 and December 2009, we entered into collaborative research and license agreements with Novartis and Lilly, respectively. The
quarters ended March 31, 2014, June 30, 2014, September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2014 include $10.2 million, $3.2 million, $88.2 million and
$3.2 million, respectively of contract revenues relating to these agreements.
 (2) The
quarters ended March 31, 2013, June 30, 2013, September 30, 2013 and December 31, 2013 include $48.3 million,
$54.1 million, $60.2 million and $72.8 million, respectively of product revenues, net, relating to JAKAFI. The quarters ended March 31, 2013, June 30, 2013,
September 30, 2013 and December 31, 2013 include $5.9 million, $5.8 million, $8.2 million and $8.4 million, respectively of product royalty revenues related
to the sale of JAKAVI outside the United States. In November 2009 and December 2009, we entered into collaborative research and license agreements with Novartis and Lilly, respectively. The quarters
ended March 31, 2013, June 30, 2013, September 30, 2013 and December 31, 2013 include $16.7 million, $41.7 million, $16.7 million and
$15.8 million, respectively of contract revenues relating to these agreements.   
  
  


 


Note 16. Subsequent Events   

 
        On January 9, 2015, we entered into a License, Development and Commercialization Agreement with Agenus Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, 4-Antibody AG (together,
"Agenus"). Under the agreement, the parties have agreed to collaborate on the discovery of novel immuno-therapeutics using Agenus' proprietary Retrocyte Display™ antibody discovery
platform. The effectiveness of the agreement is conditioned on the expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (the "HSR Act").  


         Under
the terms of the agreement, we received exclusive worldwide development and commercialization rights to four checkpoint modulators directed against GITR, OX40, LAG-3 and TIM-3. In
addition to the initial four program targets, we and Agenus have the option to jointly nominate and pursue additional targets within the framework of the collaboration. These targets may be designated
profit-share programs, where all costs and profits are shared equally by us and Agenus, or royalty-bearing programs, where we will be responsible for all costs associated with discovery, preclinical
activities, clinical development and commercialization activities. The programs relating to GITR and OX40 are profit-share programs and the programs relating to LAG-3 and TIM-3 are royalty-bearing
programs. All costs related to the collaboration are subject to a joint research plan. We agreed to pay Agenus upfront non-refundable  

 105 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
INCYTE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


Note 16. Subsequent Events (Continued)  

 payments
totaling $25.0 million. For each royalty-bearing product, Agenus will be eligible to receive up to $155.0 million in future contingent development, regulatory and
commercialization milestones as well as tiered royalties on global net sales ranging from mid-single to low-double digit rates. For each profit-share product, Agenus will be eligible to receive up to
$20.0 million in future contingent development milestones. Additionally, Agenus retains co-promotion participation rights in the United States on any profit-share product. For each
royalty-bearing product, Agenus has reserved the right to elect to co-fund 30% of development costs for a commensurate increase in royalties. The agreement may be terminated by us for convenience and
may also be terminated under certain other circumstances, including material breach. Under the agreement, we have agreed to certain standstill provisions that allow us to acquire up to 15% of
Agenus Inc.'s outstanding voting stock, including shares acquired pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement described below, solely for investment purposes.  

         We
also entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Agenus Inc., pursuant to which we agreed to purchase, subject to expiration of the waiting period under the HSR Act,
approximately 7.76 million shares of Agenus Inc. common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $35.0 million in cash, or approximately $4.51 per share. We will own approximately
11% of the outstanding shares of Agenus Inc. common stock after such purchase. Under the agreement, we have agreed not to dispose of any of the shares of common stock for a period of
12 months and Agenus Inc. has agreed to certain registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock.  

         In
January 2015, we announced that we have earned a $25.0 million milestone payment from Novartis. This payment was triggered by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use
of the European Medicines Agency adopting a positive opinion for JAKAVI (ruxolitinib) for the treatment of adult patients with polycythemia vera who are resistant to or intolerant of hydroxyurea. We
expect to record this amount as contract revenue, and receive the $25.0 million payment, in the first quarter of 2015.  

 106 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
       Item 9.     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure          

         Not applicable.   

   
       Item 9A.     Controls and Procedures          


         Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.     We maintain "disclosure controls and procedures," as such term is defined in
Rule 13a-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Our disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to meet reasonable assurance standards. Additionally, in designing disclosure
controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any
disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its
stated goals under all potential future conditions.  

         Based
on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of
such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.  

          Changes in internal control over financial reporting.     There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) for the quarter ended December 31, 2014, that materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control
over financial reporting.  

         Management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting.     Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate
internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting based on the framework in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on our evaluation under the framework in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework , our management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2014. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2014 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein.  

 107 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm          

 The
Board of Directors and Stockholders of Incyte Corporation  

         We
have audited Incyte Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Incyte Corporation's management is responsible for maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal
Control Over
Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  


         We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  


         A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  

         Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  


         In
our opinion, Incyte Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on the COSO criteria.  

         We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Incyte Corporation as of
December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' deficit and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2014 of Incyte Corporation and our report dated February 17, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  

 /s/
ERNST & YOUNG LLP  

 Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania 
February 17, 2015  

 108 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
       Item 9B.     Other Information          


         None.  

   
   
   PART III          

   
       Item 10.     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance          

         The information required by this item (with respect to Directors) is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption
"Election of Directors" contained in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our 2015 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held on May 27, 2015 (the "Proxy Statement"). Certain information required by this item concerning executive officers is set forth in Part I of this Report under the
caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant" and is incorporated herein by reference.  

         Item 405
of Regulation S-K calls for disclosure of any known late filing or failure by an insider to file a report required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act. This disclosure is contained in the section entitled "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.  


         We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our officers and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate
Controller and other employees who perform financial or accounting functions. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics sets forth the basic principles that guide the business conduct of our employees.
We have also adopted a Senior Financial Officers' Code of Ethics that specifically applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Controller, and others providing similar
functions. Stockholders may request a free copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and our Senior Financial Officers' Code of Ethics by contacting Incyte Corporation, Attention: Investor
Relations, 1801 Augustine Cut-Off, Wilmington, DE 19803.  

         To
date, there have been no waivers under our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or Senior Financial Officers' Code of Ethics. We intend to disclose future amendments to certain
provisions of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or Senior Financial Officers' Code of Ethics or any waivers, if and when granted, of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or Senior Financial
Officers' Code of Ethics on our website at  http://www.incyte.com  within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver.  

         Our
Board of Directors has appointed an Audit Committee of four directors, currently comprised of Mr. Barry M. Ariko, as Chairman, Mr. Paul J. Clancy, Mr. Richard U.
De Schutter and Ms. Wendy Dixon. The Board of Directors has also determined that Mr. Ariko, Mr. Clancy and Mr. De Schutter are each qualified as Audit Committee Financial
Experts under the definition outlined by the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, each of the members of the Audit Committee qualifies as an "independent director" under the applicable
standards of The NASDAQ Stock Market.   

   
       Item 11.     Executive Compensation          


         The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions "Election of
Directors—Compensation of Directors" and "Executive Compensation" contained in the Proxy Statement.  

 109 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


   
       Item 12.     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters          

         The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions "Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" and "Equity Compensation Plan Information" contained in the Proxy Statement.   


   
       Item 13.     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence          

         The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions "Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions" and "Election of Directors—Director Independence" contained in the Proxy Statement.   


   
       Item 14.     Principal Accountant Fees and Services          

         The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption "Principal Accountant Fees
and Services" contained in the Proxy Statement.  

   
   
   PART IV          

   
       Item 15.     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules          

 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 
 
 
 (1) Financial
Statements  
 
 
 

 Reference
is made to the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements of Incyte Corporation under Item 8 of Part II hereof.   

 
 
 (2) Financial
Statement Schedules  
 
 
 

 All
financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or not required or because the information is included elsewhere in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the
Notes thereto.   

 
 
 (3) Exhibits  
 

 See
Item 15(b) below. Each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed has been identified.   

 
 
 
 (b) Exhibits 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
Number

 

  
   
 Description of Document  
 
 
     3(i) 
   
 


 


 Integrated copy of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009). 
 
 
     3(ii) 
   
 


 


 Bylaws of the Company, as amended as of April 17, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 18, 2013). 
 
 
     4.1 
   
 


 


 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002). 
 
 
     4.2 
   
 



 


 Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2009, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 30,
 2009). 
 
 
 
  
  110 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
Number

 

  
   
 Description of Document  
 
 
     4.3 
   
 


 


 Indenture, dated as of November 14, 2013, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 14,
 2013). 
 
 
     4.4 
   
 



 


 Indenture, dated as of November 14, 2013, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 14,
 2013). 
 
 
   10.1# 
   
 


 


 1991 Stock Plan of Incyte Corporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009). 
 
 
   10.2# 
   
 


 


 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1991 Plan (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-68138)). 
 
 
   10.3# 
   
 


 


 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement under the 1991 Plan (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-68138)). 
 
 
   10.4# 
   
 


 


 1993 Directors' Stock Option Plan of Incyte Corporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009). 
 
 
   10.5# 
   
 


 


 Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Company and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-68138)). 
 
 
   10.6#* 
   
 


 


 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Incyte Corporation, as amended. 
 
 
   10.7# 
   
 


 


 Offer of Employment Letter, dated November 21, 2001, from the Company to Paul A. Friedman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001). 
 
 
   10.8.1# 
   
 



 


 Employment Agreement, dated November 26, 2001, between Paul A. Friedman and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001). 
 
 
   10.8.2# 
   
 


 


 Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2009, between the Company and Paul A. Friedman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
  2008). 
 
 
   10.9# 
   
 


 


 Offer of Employment Letter, dated September 2, 2003, from the Company to David C. Hastings (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003). 
 
 
   10.10# 
   
 



 


 Offer of Employment Letter, dated October 12, 2012, from the Company to James M. Daly (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012). 
 
 
   10.11# 
   
 


 


 Form of Employment Agreement between the Company and James M. Daly (effective as of October 22, 2012), Barry P. Flannelly (effective as of August 11, 2014), and David W. Gryska (effective as of October 31, 2014) (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012). 
 
 
 
  
  111 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
Number

 

  
   
 Description of Document  
 
 
   10.12# 
   
 


 


 Form of Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of April 18, 2012, between the Company and David C. Hastings, Reid M. Huber, Richard S. Levy, Eric H. Siegel, Paula J. Swain and Wenqing Yao (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012). 
 
 
   10.13† 
   
 


 


 Collaborative Research and License Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2005, by and between the Company and Pfizer Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2005). 
 
 
   10.14# 
   
 


 


 Offer of Employment Letter, dated as of January 3, 2014, from the Company to Hervé Hoppenot (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 13, 2014). 
 
 
   10.15# 
   
 


 


 Employment Agreement between the Company and Hervé Hoppenot dated as of January 11, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 13, 2014). 
 
 
   10.16# 
   
 


 


 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement between the Company and Hervé Hoppenot dated January 13, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 13,
 2014). 
 
 
   10.17 
   
 



 


 Letter Agreement dated September 24, 2009 among the Company and the entities named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 30, 2009). 
 
 
   10.18† 
   
 


 


 Collaboration and License Agreement, entered into as of November 24, 2009, by and between the Company and Novartis International Pharmaceutical Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Annual Report on
 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009). 
 
 
   10.19.1† 
   
 


 


 License, Development and Commercialization Agreement, entered into as of December 18, 2009, by and between the Company and Eli Lilly and Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 2009). 
 
 
   10.19.2† 
   
 


 


 Amendment, dated June 22, 2010, to License, Development and Commercialization Agreement entered into as of December 18, 2009, by and between the Company and Eli Lilly and Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the
 Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010). 
 
 
   10.20# 
   
 


 


 Incyte Corporation Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 29, 2014). 
 
 
   10.21# 
   
 


 


 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement for Executive Officers under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
 2014). 
 
 
   10.22# 
   
 


 


 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement for Executive Officers under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
 2014). 
 
 
   10.23# 
   
 


 


 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014). 
 
 
 
  
  112 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
Number

 

  
   
 Description of Document  
 
 
   10.24# 
   
 


 


 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014). 
 
 
   10.25# 
   
 



 


 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement for Outside Directors under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2013). 
 
 
   10.26# 
   
 


 


 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014). 
 
 
   10.27# 
   
 


 


 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014). 
 
 
   10.28 
   
 


 


 Letter Agreement dated November 7, 2013 among the Company and the entities named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 14, 2013). 
 
 
   10.29† 
   
 


 


 Lease Agreement by and between the Company and Augustine Land I, L.P., effective October 4, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2013). 
 
 
   12.1* 
   
 


 


 Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 
 
 
   21.1* 
   
 


 


 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 
   23.1* 
   
 


 


 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 
   24.1* 
   
 


 


 Power of Attorney (see page 115 of this Form 10-K). 
 
 
   31.1* 
   
 


 


 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 
   31.2* 
   
 


 


 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 
   32.1** 
   
 


 


 Statement of the Chief Executive Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C Section 1350). 
 
 
   32.2** 
   
 


 


 Statement of the Chief Financial Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C Section 1350). 
 
 
 101.INS*** 
   
 


 


 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 
 101.SCH*** 
   
 


 


 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 
 101.CAL*** 
   
 


 


 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 
 101.LAB*** 
   
 


 


 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 
 101.PRE*** 
   
 


 


 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 
 101.DEF*** 
   
 


 


 XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 * Filed
herewith.
 ** In
accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in  
  
  113 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
  

 Exhibits 32.1
and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Form 10-K and will not be deemed "filed" for purpose of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be
deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference.  

 
 
 *** In
accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the information furnished in these exhibits will not be deemed "filed" for purposes of
Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such exhibits will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or Exchange Act.
 † Confidential
treatment has been requested with respect to certain portions of these agreements.
 # Indicates
management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  

         Copies
of above exhibits not contained herein are available to any stockholder upon written request to: Investor Relations, Incyte Corporation, 1801 Augustine Cut-Off, Wilmington,
DE 19803.   
  
  114 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   SIGNATURES          


         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 


 


 INCYTE CORPORATION 
 
 
 
  
   
  By: 
   
 /s/ HERVÉ HOPPENOT 


 

    Hervé Hoppenot   Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
  
  Date:
February 17, 2015  

   
   
   POWER OF ATTORNEY          

         KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Hervé
Hoppenot, David W. Gryska, and Eric H. Siegel, and each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any
amendments to this report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.  

         Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Signature

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
   /s/ HERVÉ HOPPENOT 


 

    Hervé Hoppenot 
   
   Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 
   
 February 17, 2015 
 
 
   /s/ DAVID W. GRYSKA 


 

    David W. Gryska 
   
   Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
   
   February 17, 2015 
 
 
   /s/ LAURENT CHARDONNET 


 

    Laurent Chardonnet 
   
   Vice President, Finance and Treasurer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
   February 17, 2015 
 
 
   /s/ RICHARD U. DE SCHUTTER 


 

    Richard U. De Schutter 
   
   Chairman 
   
   February 17, 2015 
 
 
   /s/ BARRY M. ARIKO 


 

    Barry M. Ariko 
   
   Director 
   
   February 17, 2015 
 
 
   /s/ JULIAN C. BAKER 


 

    Julian C. Baker 
   
   Director 
   
   February 17, 2015 
 
 
   /s/ JEAN-JACQUES BIENAIME 


 

    Jean-Jacques Bienaimé 
   
   Director 
   
   February 17, 2015 
 
 
   /s/ PAUL A. BROOKE 


 

    Paul A. Brooke 
   
   Director 
   
   February 17, 2015 
 
 
 
  
  115 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Signature

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
   /s/ PAUL J. CLANCY 


 

    Paul J. Clancy 
   
   Director 
   
   February 17, 2015 
 
 
   /s/ WENDY L. DIXON 


 

    Wendy L. Dixon 
   
   Director 
   
   February 17, 2015 
 
 
   /s/ PAUL A. FRIEDMAN 


 

    Paul A. Friedman 
   
   Director 
   
   February 17, 2015 
 
 
 
  
  116 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 
 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   EXHIBIT INDEX          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
Number

 

  
   
 Description of Document  
 
 
     3(i) 
   
 


 


 Integrated copy of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009). 
 
 
     3(ii) 
   
 


 


 Bylaws of the Company, as amended as of April 17, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 18, 2013). 
 
 
     4.1 
   
 


 


 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002). 
 
 
     4.2 
   
 



 


 Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2009, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 30,
 2009). 
 
 
     4.3 
   
 


 


 Indenture, dated as of November 14, 2013, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 14,
 2013). 
 
 
     4.4 
   
 


 


 Indenture, dated as of November 14, 2013, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 14,
 2013). 
 
 
   10.1# 
   
 



 


 1991 Stock Plan of Incyte Corporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009). 
 
 
   10.2# 
   
 


 


 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1991 Plan (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-68138)). 
 
 
   10.3# 
   
 


 


 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement under the 1991 Plan (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-68138)). 
 
 
   10.4# 
   
 


 


 1993 Directors' Stock Option Plan of Incyte Corporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009). 
 
 
   10.5# 
   
 


 


 Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Company and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-68138)). 
 
 
   10.6#* 
   
 


 


 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Incyte Corporation, as amended. 
 
 
   10.7# 
   
 



 


 Offer of Employment Letter, dated November 21, 2001, from the Company to Paul A. Friedman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001). 
 
 
   10.8.1# 
   
 


 


 Employment Agreement, dated November 26, 2001, between Paul A. Friedman and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001). 
 
 
 
  
  117 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
Number

 

  
   
 Description of Document  
 
 
   10.8.2# 
   
 


 


 Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2009, between the Company and Paul A. Friedman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
  2008). 
 
 
   10.9# 
   
 



 


 Offer of Employment Letter, dated September 2, 2003, from the Company to David C. Hastings (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003). 
 
 
   10.10# 
   
 


 


 Offer of Employment Letter, dated October 12, 2012, from the Company to James M. Daly (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012). 
 
 
   10.11# 
   
 


 


 Form of Employment Agreement between the Company and James M. Daly (effective as of October 22, 2012), Barry P. Flannelly (effective as of August 11, 2014), and David W. Gryska (effective as of October 31, 2014) (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012). 
 
 
   10.12# 
   
 


 


 Form of Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of April 18, 2012, between the Company and David C. Hastings, Reid M. Huber, Richard S. Levy, Eric H. Siegel, Paula J. Swain and Wenqing Yao (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012). 
 
 
   10.13† 
   
 


 


 Collaborative Research and License Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2005, by and between the Company and Pfizer Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2005). 
 
 
   10.14# 
   
 


 


 Offer of Employment Letter, dated as of January 3, 2014, from the Company to Hervé Hoppenot (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 13, 2014). 
 
 
   10.15# 
   
 


 


 Employment Agreement between the Company and Hervé Hoppenot dated as of January 11, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 13, 2014). 
 
 
   10.16# 
   
 


 


 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement between the Company and Hervé Hoppenot dated January 13, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 13,
 2014). 
 
 
   10.17 
   
 


 


 Letter Agreement dated September 24, 2009 among the Company and the entities named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 30, 2009). 
 
 
   10.18† 
   
 


 


 Collaboration and License Agreement, entered into as of November 24, 2009, by and between the Company and Novartis International Pharmaceutical Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Annual Report on
 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009). 
 
 
   10.19.1† 
   
 


 


 License, Development and Commercialization Agreement, entered into as of December 18, 2009, by and between the Company and Eli Lilly and Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 2009). 
 
 
 
  
  118 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
Number

 

  
   
 Description of Document  
 
 
   10.19.2† 
   
 


 


 Amendment, dated June 22, 2010, to License, Development and Commercialization Agreement entered into as of December 18, 2009, by and between the Company and Eli Lilly and Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the
 Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010). 
 
 
   10.20# 
   
 


 


 Incyte Corporation Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 29, 2014). 
 
 
   10.21# 
   
 


 


 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement for Executive Officers under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
 2014). 
 
 
   10.22# 
   
 


 


 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement for Executive Officers under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
 2014). 
 
 
   10.23# 
   
 


 


 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014). 
 
 
   10.24# 
   
 


 


 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014). 
 
 
   10.25# 
   
 



 


 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement for Outside Directors under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2013). 
 
 
   10.26# 
   
 


 


 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014). 
 
 
   10.27# 
   
 


 


 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014). 
 
 
   10.28 
   
 


 


 Letter Agreement dated November 7, 2013 among the Company and the entities named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 14, 2013). 
 
 
   10.29† 
   
 


 


 Lease Agreement by and between the Company and Augustine Land I, L.P., effective October 4, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2013). 
 
 
   12.1* 
   
 


 


 Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 
 
 
   21.1* 
   
 


 


 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 
   23.1* 
   
 


 


 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 
   24.1* 
   
 


 


 Power of Attorney (see page 115 of this Form 10-K). 
 
 
   31.1* 
   
 


 


 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 
   31.2* 
   
 


 


 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 
 
  
  119 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
Number

 

  
   
 Description of Document  
 
 
   32.1** 
   
 


 


 Statement of the Chief Executive Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C Section 1350). 
 
 
   32.2** 
   
 


 


 Statement of the Chief Financial Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C Section 1350). 
 
 
 101.INS*** 
   
 


 


 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 
 101.SCH*** 
   
 


 


 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 
 101.CAL*** 
   
 


 


 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 
 101.LAB*** 
   
 


 


 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 
 101.PRE*** 
   
 


 


 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 
 101.DEF*** 
   
 


 


 XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 * Filed
herewith.
 ** In
accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany
this Form 10-K and will not be deemed "filed" for purpose of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference.
 *** In
accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the information furnished in these exhibits will not be deemed "filed" for purposes of
Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such exhibits will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or Exchange Act.
 † Confidential
treatment has been requested with respect to certain portions of these agreements.
 # Indicates
management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.   
  
          Copies
of above exhibits not contained herein are available to any stockholder upon written request to: Investor Relations, Incyte Corporation, 1801 Augustine Cut-Off, Wilmington,
DE 19803.  

 120 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
