
 10-K
 1
 f10k2020_quantumcomputing.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT
 
 
 
      
 
 

 

   

   

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

   

 Form
10-K 

   

 (Mark One) 

 ☒ Annual Report Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

   

 For the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2020  

 or 

 ☐ Transition Report Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

   

    For the transition period
from __________________ to __________________   

   

 Commission File Number :  000-56015 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

   

 
 
     Delaware 
       
     82-4533053 
 
     
         (State or other jurisdiction 
         of incorporation) 
       
     
         (IRS Employer 
         Identification No.) 
 
   

 215 Depot Court SE, Suite 215 

 Leesburg, VA 20175 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

   

 (703) 436-2121 

 (Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code) 

   

 Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

   

 
 
     Title of each class 
       
     Trading Symbol(s) 
       
     Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
     None 
       
     None 
       
     None 
 
   

 Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐  No
☒ 

   

 Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐  No ☒  

   

 Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒  No ☐ 

   

 Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrant was required to submit and post
such files. Yes ☒  No ☐ 

   

 Indicate by check
mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ☐ 

   

 Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller
reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

   

 
 
     Large accelerated filer  
     ☐ 
       
     Accelerated filer  
     ☐ 
 
     Non-accelerated filer  
     ☒ 
       
     Smaller reporting company 
       ☒ 
 
       
       
     Emerging growth company  
     ☐ 
 
   

 If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ 

   

 Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐  No ☒. 

   

 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common
stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2020 was $13,430,257 based on the closing price of $2.68 per share
of Quantum Computing, Inc. common stock as quoted on the OTC Marketplace on that date. 

    

 As of March 16,
2021, there were 28,667,925 shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding. 

   

 Documents Incorporated
by Reference 

 N/A. 


 

   

 

 

 
     
       
     

   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 
 
       
     PART I 
       
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 1. 
     BUSINESS. 
     1 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 1A. 
     RISK FACTORS. 
     8 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 1B. 
     UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
     19 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 2. 
     PROPERTIES. 
     19 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 3. 
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
     19 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 4. 
     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
     19 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     PART II 
     
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 5. 
     MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
     20 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 6. 
     SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 
     20 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 7. 
     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. 
     20 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 7A. 
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
     22 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 8. 
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
     23 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 9. 
     CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
     23 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 9A. 
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
     23 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 9B. 
     OTHER INFORMATION. 
     24 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     PART III 
       
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 10. 
     DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
     25 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 11. 
     EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
     31 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 12. 
     SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
     32 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 13. 
     CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS; AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
     34 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 14. 
     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
     35 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     PART IV 
       
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM 15. 
     EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
     36 
 
   

 Introductory
Comments 

   

 Throughout this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “the Company,” “our
Company,” “QCI” and “QUBT,” refer to Quantum Computing, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and unless
the context indicates otherwise, also includes our wholly-owned subsidiary. 

   

 

 
     i 
       
     

   

 PART I 

   

 FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

   

 This Annual Report
on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”).
In some cases, forward-looking statements are identified by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,”
“could,” “would,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,”
“estimates,” “projects,” “predicts,” “potential” and similar expressions intended
to identify forward-looking statements. 

   

 These forward-looking
statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements, expressed or implied, by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements represent
our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as otherwise required by law, we expressly
disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances
on which any of our forward-looking statements are based. Factors that could cause or contribute to differences in our future financial
and other results include those discussed in the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as
well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these
cautionary statements. 

 

   

 ITEM 1. BUSINESS . 

   

 History 

   

 Quantum Computing Inc. (“QCI”
or the “Company”), was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 25, 2001 as Ticketcart, Inc. Ticketcart’s
original business plan involved in the sale of ink-jet cartridges online. Ticketcart offered remanufactured and compatible cartridges
for Hewlett-Packard, Epson, Lexmark, and Canon inkjet printers. On July 25, 2007, Ticketcart, Inc. acquired Innovative Beverage
Group, Inc. and changed its name to Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. (“IBGH”) to better reflect its business
operations at the time which was beverage distribution and product development. In 2013, IBGH ceased operations. On May 22, 2017,
one of IBGH’s shareholders, William Alessi (the “Plaintiff”), filed suit against the Company alleging “(1)
fraud; and (2) breach of fiduciary duties of care, loyalty and good faith to the Corporation’s shareholders.” Mr. Alessi’s
complaint alleged that the officers and directors of IBGH had abandoned it and allowed the Company’s assets to be wasted,
causing injury to the Company and its shareholders. Mr. Alessi sought damages of $30,000 for each claim, plus reimbursement of
filing costs of $1,000, and the appointment of a Receiver for the Company. 

   

 On August 28, 2017, the North Carolina
Court, Superior Court Division (the “North Carolina Court”), entered a default judgment for Plaintiff and appointed
an exclusive Receiver (the “Receiver”) over the Company. The default judgment provided that Innovative Beverage Group
Holdings, Inc. was (i) to issue to the Plaintiff 18,500,000 shares of free-trading stock without registration under Section 3(a)(10)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (ii) issue 100,000,000 shares of stock to Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc.’s
treasury, and (iii) that the receivership be terminated upon any change of control, and that any and all claims against Innovative
Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. that were not submitted to the Receiver as of September 16, 2017, were disallowed. On October 4,
2017 the Receiver filed Articles of Incorporation in North Carolina for Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, (“IBGH North Carolina”). On October 26, 2017, Innovative Beverage Group, Inc. redomiciled
to North Carolina. 

   

 On January 22, 2018, while the Company
was in receivership, the Company (acting through the court-appointed receiver in her capacity as CEO and sole Director of the Company)
sold 500,000 shares (the “CRG Shares”) of its common stock to Convergent Risk Group (“CRG”, or “Convergent
Risk”), an entity owned and operated by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Robert Liscouski, for $155,000. On February
21, 2018, by written consent of the majority shareholder (Convergent Risk), Mr. Robert Liscouski (the Chief Executive Officer of
Convergent Risk) and Mr. Christopher Roberts were elected as members of the Company’s Board of Directors. Mr. Liscouski was
simultaneously elected as Chairman of the Board. The majority shareholder also directed the Company to take the necessary action
to change its domicile from North Carolina to Delaware and change its name to Quantum Computing Inc. On February 21, 2018, the
Company filed Articles of Conversion in North Carolina to convert the Company to a Delaware corporation with the name changed to
Quantum Computing Inc. On February 22, 2018, the Company filed a Certificate of Conversion in Delaware to convert to a Delaware
corporation with the name changed to Quantum Computing Inc. and re-domiciled to the state of Delaware on February 23, 2018. 

   

 The Computing Landscape and The End
of Moore’s Law 

   

 For the past 45 years or so, silicon-based
processor manufacturers have been able to double their processing power every 18 to 24 months, a phenomenon known in the computer
industry as “Moore’s Law.” Recently, the computer processor industry has found it increasingly difficult to offer
faster, more powerful processors due to fundamental physical effects limiting further size reduction of transistors. 

   

 Quantum computing is believed to be a potential
solution to the hard limits now being approached by conventional computers that utilize silicon-based processors. The date of practical
relevance of quantum computers is hard to determine. We believe it could be as soon as 2021, but a more conservative estimate is
that quantum computers with gradually increasing performance will be introduced by multiple vendors over the course of the next
decade. 

   

 Additionally, conventional computers are
known to struggle with optimization problems known as  NP-complete  problems, which are a class of mathematical
problems that can, in principle, be solved by conventional computers, with that caveat that the time to solution will grow exponentially
with the size of the problem. These NP-complete problems require complex calculations, which cannot currently be performed in
any reasonable amount of time using conventional computer systems for problem sizes relevant to many industrial and government
applications. 

 

 
     1 
       
     

   

 Research suggests that quantum computers
may be ideally suited to run optimization algorithms, where further advancements in quantum annealing and other quantum computing
hardware could result in computational benefit over currently used conventional systems. The ability to solve NP-complete problems
in a reasonable period of time is of particular interest in compute-heavy fields that include, but are not limited to: big data,
artificial intelligence, healthcare, and cybersecurity. We believe these are natural markets for quantum computing, due to the
immense compute power required to process large data sets, which have experienced exponential growth in size and complexity in
recent years. 

   

 Our Company 

   

 The Company is focused on providing software
tools and applications for quantum computers. We believe there is significant business opportunity in the quantum computing industry,
and that the quantum computer has the potential to disrupt several global industries. Independent of when quantum computing delivers
compelling performance advantage over conventional computing, the software tools and applications necessary for accelerating real-world
problems must be developed to deliver on quantum computing’s full promise. 

   

 Quantum computing is a fundamentally new
paradigm compared with conventional silicon-based computing, requiring a new and highly technical set of skills to create the software
that will drive quantum results. Organizations seeking to gain advantage from the promise of quantum technology must acquire and
develop skills in quantum mechanics, mathematics and physics, and a deep knowledge of the ever-changing quantum hardware. The pool
of people with those skills today is limited and in high demand. 

   

 In order to address the steep learning
curve and highly particular skillset associated with quantum computing, the Company is developing “quantum ready” software
applications and solutions for commercial and government entities looking to leverage the expected future performance of quantum
computing. We are focused on being an enabler – creating software that provide the advantages of advanced computing hardware
for forward thinking clients. 

   

 By reducing the barriers to adoption for
commercial and government entities in using quantum computing technologies to solve their most complex problems, we believe our
products will accelerate quantum technology adoption similar to the adoption curve that has been witnessed with artificial intelligence.
	To this end, we are leveraging our collective expertise in finance, computing, mathematics and physics to develop a suite of
applications that may enable global industries to utilize quantum computers, quantum annealers and digital simulators to improve
their processes, profitability, and security. 

   

 Our Strategy 

   

 While the majority of the quantum computing
market is focused on Quantum Computing hardware, we realized the traditional software development toolkit (“SDK”) approach
to creating quantum computing software is poorly suited for non-quantum experts, given the completely new programming paradigm. 

   

 This
represents a significant barrier to entry for companies looking to leverage novel quantum computing capabilities for their business
needs. Utilizing quantum computers for real-world problems requires an abstract blend of a wide range of computing and non-computing
expertise, including but not limited to: 

   

 
 ●
                                Subject
                                         Matter Expertise (SME): As with any problem, the first step is for a business expert
                                         to rigorously define and describe what information and/or results the business requires. 

   

 
 ● Programming
                                         Excellence: In the conventional computing world, a programmer will take the problem defined
                                         by a SME (subject matter expert) and implement it using standardized applications to
                                         run on the computer. In quantum computing, programmers are required to explicitly program
                                         it for the quantum computer they have access to, requiring a deep understanding of sophisticated
                                         areas of expertise. 

   

 
 ● Mathematics:
                                         The problems that are attractive for being solved using quantum computers require significant
                                         mathematical expertise to a) optimize the data and problem for quantum computers, b)
                                         create the quantum-specific algorithms and formulas required to solve the problem, c)
                                         iterate upon the results in a way that optimizes the performance, cost and quality of
                                         result. Mathematics is at the core of the many steps involved in quantum computing for
                                         optimizing, compressing and applying algorithms to the data for obtaining truly optimal
                                         results. 

   

 

 
     2 
       
     

   

 
 ● Quantum
                                         Mechanics: Quantum computing demands deep knowledge of the principles driving the computing
                                         itself. Unlike conventional computers which utilize 0 or 1 bits, quantum computers utilize
                                         qubits, which leverage concepts of quantum mechanics such as probabilistic computation,
                                         superposition, and entanglement. Experts much understand these concepts to create the
                                         algorithms necessary to solve problems on a quantum computer. They must know how to “map”
                                         problems and their associated data into problems that are optimized in the specific way
                                         required for a quantum computer to accept and process the problem. 

   

 
 ● Quantum
                                         Hardware Knowledge: QPUs (Quantum Processing Units) require that programmers manage the
                                         configuration, actions, and overall operations of all the underlying circuits utilized
                                         in solving the problem. For example, the programming to configure and access QPUs is
                                         low level and extremely complicated. This coding is proprietary to each vendor’s
                                         QPU idiosyncratic requirements, not to mention, unique to the specific count and version
                                         of QPUs in the system, right now. When the system is expended or a QPU upgraded, all
                                         the code has to be rewritten. 

   

 Given
the dramatic differences in quantum computer hardware architectures currently under development, quantum software requires a dramatic
shift from classic software, and requires creating every single circuit, gate, algorithm, action and process in software. Moreover,
the collective requirements imposed upon companies looking to utilize quantum computers can require a training period of a year
or longer, even for a highly qualified subject matter expert. Consequently, the time, difficult and expense of hiring such a diverse
and deeply knowledgeable team to create quantum applications and workflows limits any organization’s ability to move forward
quickly with the power of quantum computing. 

   

 Such
difficulties have created a significant barrier to entry in quantum computing have informed the Company’s opportunities
and goals, which are to: 

   

 
 1) Deliver
                                         production-ready software that de-risk the shift to quantum computing; 

   

 
 2) Empower
                                         SMEs and programmers to access the power of quantum computing without the prerequisite
                                         quantum expertise; 

   

 
 3) Eliminate
                                         the vendor lock-in created by the low-level coding required for individual QPUs by allowing
                                         users to freely select the best QPU for their specific problem with no low-level coding
                                         or programming changes; 

   

 
 4) Deliver
                                         the best performance results (speed, quality and diversity) at the lowest cost for our
                                         users; and 

   

 
 5) Provide
                                         software and the required hardware in the cloud to make it simple and cost effective
                                         for organizations to begin leveraging quantum computing. 

 

 

   

 Products
and Products in Development 

   

 Qatalyst 

   

 Qatalyst
(formerly Mukai) is our answer to the current state of the quantum computing industry. As the industry’s first publicly
available Quantum Application Accelerator, Qatalyst enables developers to create and execute quantum-ready applications on conventional
computers, while being ready to run on quantum computers where those systems achieve performance advantage. Qatalyst performs
the complex problem transformations necessary to be executed on a variety of quantum platforms today, and users can call upon
the same Qatalyst APIs (Application Programming Interfaces) to achieve optimization performance advantages on conventional computers
using our cloud-based solution. 

   

 Qatalyst
dramatically reduces the time-to-quality results and the associated costs for both conventional and quantum computers. Unlike
more common toolsets that require deep level quantum expertise to build new quantum problems and workflows, Qatalyst is not a
tool kit, but a complete platform. It accelerates performance and results on classic and quantum computers, with no additional
quantum programming or quantum computing expertise required. This is why it is unique in its approach to the quantum computing
industry. Instead of invoking a team of quantum specialists to transform an optimization problem, an SME or programmer submits
their current problem via a software API to the Qatalyst cloud-based platform. Qatalyst manages the workflow, optimizations, and
results, without any further intervention by the user. Qatalyst provides a unique advantage to reduce applications development
risks and costs by eliminating the need for scarce high-end quantum programmers. 

   

 

 
     3 
       
     

   

 Qatalyst is integrated with the Amazon
Cloud BRAKET API, offering access to multiple Quantum Processing Units (“QPUs”) including DWave, Rigetti, and IonQ.
Qatalyst also integrates directly with IBM’s QPUs. 

   

 By using Qatalyst, application developers
can run their applications on any or all of the available QPUs by merely selecting which QPU they prefer to run on based on the
desired performance results of the application. We believe this provides a substantial advantage over any other toolkit or platform
in the market today. These advantages are significant not just for application developers but for any company that is considering
using or exploring quantum computing technology for business applications. 

   

 Qatalyst also eliminates the need for the
low-level hardware programming expertise required by toolkits. This programming is time consuming and must be updated constantly
as QPUs evolve and change, resulting in significant development costs. Qatalyst automatically optimizes the same problem submitted
by a SME for multiple Quantum and Conventional Processors. The SME or programmer selects one, or many, processing resources and
the problem will be submitted by Qatalyst. This is an enormous advantage over any tool set in the market today. These advantages
are significant not just for application developers but for any company that is considering using or exploring quantum computing
technology for business applications. 

   

 The Company’s innovative Qatalyst
software masks the complexity of quantum programming via the Q API, a powerful six call API that users can learn in a day. Instead
of spending months or years developing new applications and workflows requiring complex and extremely low-level coding, users,
workflows or applications can immediately submit a problem to Qatalyst within a day, using the same familiar constructs they use
right now, via the Q API. Users have utilized Qatalyst’s simple API and familiar constructs to solve their first complex
problem within a week, as compared to the 6-12 months associated with quantum software toolkits. 

   

 Qatalyst
Features 

   

 Today,
SMEs can leverage the power of Qatalyst to solve high-value discrete optimization problems present in finance, bio/pharma, and
cybersecurity. Currently, Qatalyst offers the following features: 

   

 
 ● Quantum-ready
                                         engines tuned for complex computations. These engines automatically optimize, submit,
                                         and iterate to return excellent, diverse results for supply chain and other constrained
                                         optimization problems. 

   

 
 ● Transparent
                                         abstraction from quantum hardware variance. Qatalyst eliminates the need to write low-level,
                                         assembly-type code to support different vendors’ quantum hardware architectures,
                                         such as D-Wave, Rigetti, IBM and ION-Q. The same problem can run seamlessly across all
                                         quantum types and architectures. 

   

 
 ● Qatalyst
                                         Core: an engine that utilizes sophisticated mathematics, quantum transformation and iterative
                                         processing to find highly optimal answers across both classic and quantum computers.
                                         For example, LaGrange multipliers, which work to compress and simplify the problem prior
                                         to constraint optimization. The Core applies these advanced mathematical techniques,
                                         based on the type of problem and processing required. 

   

 
 ● Q
                                         Graph: a powerful transformation engine that empowers SMEs to submit and analyze graph
                                         models as part of their complex optimizations. Q Graph accepts familiar graph models
                                         and functions including Clique Cover, Community Detection and Partitioning. 

   

 
 ● Qontrol:
                                         a portal that provides administrative management tools for user administration, request
                                         control, statuses and alerts. Qontrol also enables system administrators and users to
                                         import Qatalyst results into popular analysis applications such as Excel or Tableau. 

   

 Market
Opportunity 

   

 It
is important to note that our product utilizes a software technique known as a “Solver” (qci-Qbsolv), which is a set
of instructions whose function is to calculate the minimum values of a large optimization problem, which is presented in the form
of a quadratic unconstrained binary optimization or “QUBO”. The Company’s Solvers deliver the the aforementioned
performance advantages while running on today’s conventional computers and will be able to deliver significantly improved
performance as better QPU technology becomes available. To that end, the Company is beginning to seek marketing and distribution
partnerships where our current solver technologies can be deployed to enable industry-specific application performance. 

   

 

 
     4 
       
     

   

 The Company is also working on software
products to address community detection to aid researchers in discovering correlations that may not have been imagined. We believe
that community detection holds significant promise in pharmaceutical applications such as evaluating client trial outcomes, and
in epidemiology to enable detection of common factors among a population. 

   

 In addition to commercial markets, the
Company is pursuing a number of US government funded opportunities. 

   

 The US Government, through the National
Quantum Initiative Act of 2018 (Public Law No: 115-368 - 12/21/2018) directed the President to implement a National Quantum Initiative
Program to, among other things, establish the goals and priorities for a 10-year plan to accelerate the development of quantum
information science and technology applications. (Sec. 103) The National Science and Technology Council shall establish a Subcommittee
on Quantum Information Science, including membership from the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and the National
Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), to guide program activities. (Sec. 104) The President must establish a National Quantum
Initiative Advisory Committee to advise the President and subcommittee on the program and trends and developments in quantum information
science and technology. Significant government funding has been allocated for research initiatives including a fiscal year 2020
Department of Energy initiative of $625 million over the next five years to establish two to five multidisciplinary Quantum Information
Science (QIS) Research Centers in support of the National Quantum Initiative. The Quantum Economic Development Consortium (QED-C),
a consortium of stakeholders that aims to enable and grow the U.S. quantum industry. QED-C was established with support from the
National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) as part of the Federal strategy for advancing quantum information science
and as called for by the National Quantum Initiative Act enacted in 2018. Quantum Computing Inc. is one of the founding members
of the QED-C. 

   

 Technology Provider Partnerships 

   

 The Company is pursuing a number of commercial
partnerships and research areas funded by the government that directly relate to its capabilities. To strengthen its technology
base, the Company has entered into teaming agreements with companies to partner on joint pursuit of those opportunities or to offer
services available through those partners. 

   

 Splunk Technology Alliance Partnership
Agreement 

   

 The Company is pursuing a number of research
areas funded by the government that directly relate to its capabilities. To strengthen its technology base, the Company has entered
into a Technology Alliance Partnership agreement with Splunk, Inc. (NASDAQ: SPLK). The Company is partnering with Splunk to pursue
government funded efforts to do both fundamental and applied research and develop analytics that exploit conventional large-data
cybersecurity stores and data-analytics workflows, combined with quantum-ready graph and constrained-optimization algorithms. These
algorithms will initially be developed using the Company’s Qatalyst software platform, which enables quantum-ready algorithms
to execute on conventional hardware and also to run without modification on QC hardware when ready. Once proofs of concept are
completed, the Company and Splunk will develop new analytics with these algorithms in the Splunk data-analytics platform, to evaluate
quantum analytics readiness on real-world data. The Splunk platform/toolkits help customers address challenging analytical problems
via neural nets or custom algorithms, extensible to Deep Learning frameworks through an open source approach that incorporates
existing and custom libraries. The initial efforts of our partnership with Splunk will focus on three key challenges; network security,
dynamic logistics and scheduling. 

   

 Amazon Web Services – BRAKET 

   

 Quantum Computing is the first company
with a quantum software development and execution platform to provide the widest selection of QCs via the cloud, including those
offered by IonQ, D-Wave, Rigetti, and others via Amazon Braket. Amazon Braket is a fully managed quantum computing service that
helps researchers and developers get started with the technology to accelerate research and discovery. Amazon Braket provides a
development environment for users to explore and build quantum algorithms, test them on quantum circuit simulators, and run them
on different quantum hardware technologies. Quantum Computing provides access to subject matter experts and applications developers
to quantum computers available on Amazon Braket via its Qatalyst software. The Company intends to expand the capabilities available
through the Amazon Braket service going forward, and also plans to provide access to additional quantum computers through Qatalyst
over the next several months. 

   

 

 
     5 
       
     

   

 QikStart 

   

 Management believes that the development
of real-world use cases, not just science projects, is critical to the forward momentum of quantum computing as a practical tool.
To that end, the Company has created an internally funded program called QikStart which provides access to Qatalyst and cloud-based
resources, experts, and funding to explore and push the boundaries of quantum computing for delivering practical business results,
today. 

   

 Industry Overview 

   

 We operate in the large and global high-performance
computing industry, which is comprised of hardware, software, and services for compute intensive applications. The rapid adoption
of technologies such as artificial intelligence, 3D imaging, and the Internet of Things (IoT), have served to exponentially increase
the generation of data, driving up the demand for high-performance computing. Computationally intensive applications are ubiquitous
across various industries, including, but not limited to: IT, aerospace, healthcare, automotive, and e-commerce. Examples of compute
intensive applications include optimization, data management, analytics, and complex modeling. According to Grand View Research,
the High-Performance computing market was valued at $34.62 billion in 2018 and is expected to reach a value of $59.65 billion by
2025. 

   

 Quantum Computing is a nascent and rapidly
developing technology ecosystem that has shown promise in delivering potentially disruptive computing capabilities. We believe
Quantum Computing’s immense compute capabilities qualify it as a subset of High-Performance Computing. As quantum computing
hardware continues to advance, we expect a corresponding growth in demand for software capable of leveraging the compute capabilities
of Quantum Computing hardware. We are developing hardware agnostic software capable of delivering high-performance computing capabilities
to various industries while mitigating dependency risks that may emerge from a dominant quantum computing hardware vendor. As an
early participant in this rapidly growing ecosystem, we believe we are well-positioned to capture and drive a meaningful amount
of this category growth. We also believe there is a significant international market opportunity for our future products. 

   

 We expect continued growth in the research
and developing of the quantum computing industry, driven by interest from both the private and public sectors. According to an
article in the August 2018 issue of WIRED Magazine, CB Insights estimate that $241 million has been invested in quantum hardware
and software startup businesses. In addition, the US Government has committed $1.3 billion to funding quantum information science
programs under the National Quantum Initiative enacted in 2018. 

   

 The Company is a member of the Quantum
Economic Development Consortium (QED-C). The QED-C, whose members include companies such as Google and Microsoft, has been tasked
with developing the U.S. Quantum Computing Industry. 

   

 Competition 

   

 The Quantum Computing Industry is new and
rapidly developing, and as such, is and will remain dynamic and extremely competitive for the foreseeable future. As this industry
continues to grow and mature, we expect a steady influx of new products, hardware advances, and new concepts to emerge that can
dramatically transform the industry and our business. One such example would be a practical application of “quantum supremacy”,
which we expect to radically accelerate the interest and entry in the quantum computing industry. We perform a broad range of research
and development efforts to identify and position for the changing demands of future customers and users, industry trends, and competitive
forces. 

   

 

 
     6 
       
     

   

 To our knowledge, there are over 130 companies
and research universities who are known to be engaged in research and development relating to quantum computing. These entities
range in size from diversified global companies with significant research and development resources such as Google, Honeywell and
IBM to smaller privately funded startups whose narrower product focuses may let them be more effective in deploying resources towards
a specific industry demand. Our business objectives and near term strategy put us in direct competition with existing software
vendors for high performance computing, who may not be operating in the quantum computing ecosystem. 

   

 We
believe competition in this market segment will intensify. Many of our competitors may have longer operating histories, significantly
greater financial, technical, product development and marketing resources, and greater name recognition. Our competitors could
use these resources to market or develop products or services that are more effective or less costly than any or all of our products
or services. 

   

 The software segment of the quantum computing
ecosystem is still in its infancy, and to our knowledge a market-dominant entity has not yet been established. Due to the high
price point of quantum computing hardware, novel business models may emerge to adapt to consumer preferences in the high-performance
computing industry. Our ability to evolve and adapt rapidly over an extended period of time will be critical in remaining competitive. 

   

 Government Regulation and Incentives 

   

 Financial Algorithms 

   

 US firms and FINRA members that use financial
algorithms to conduct high frequency trading are subject to SEC and FINRA regulations that govern their trading activities under
long standing rules governing supervision and control practices to reduce the likelihood of market disruptions and ensure effective
communication between the firm’s compliance staff and its trading strategy personnel. Additional regulation on financial
algorithms has been proposed by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) aimed at limiting the potential for
financial algorithms and high frequency trading to disrupt markets. The proposed regulations would require firms using such algorithms
to implement pre-trade risk controls, limit self-trading and make the source code of the software programs available to the government
upon request. To the Company’s knowledge, these regulations, especially the mandatory source code disclosure provisions,
have been vigorously opposed by the industry and have not yet been implemented. 

   

 The government agencies charged with regulating
financial markets in the US and around the world have so far not closely regulated financial algorithms or algorithmic trading,
but that could change in response to future market events. The benefit of algorithmic trading is that it can bring greater liquidity,
transparency and accountability to markets, and also reduces price variations between global markets. Financial markets in many
developing countries have benefited from implementation of algorithmic trading. There are, of course, limitations to what financial
algorithms can accomplish today with conventional super computers, and when multiple algorithms trade in lockstep a single price
fluctuation can trigger a cascade of downward trades that can crash a market very quickly, before human intervention can stop the
downward spiral. This phenomenon is known as a “Flash Crash” and regulators have imposed some regulations to slow down
or suspend trading when a market drops more than a fixed percentage in a short period of time. 

   

 Encryption 

   

 The U.S. government has historically tightly
regulated the export of cryptographic technologies under the Arms Export Control Act and the associated International Traffic in
Arms regulations (ITAR) as a form of munition. The logic behind the export restrictions is that the ability to secure information
has great value to the military and intelligence agencies, and the US Government does not want those technologies sold or distributed
to foreign adversaries. These regulations were relaxed in 1996 by executive order, but restrictions are still in place under the
Export Administration Act that limit the export of some advanced encryption methods and technologies. Export of commercial encryption
products to certain designated countries and terrorist groups is restricted, as are exports of military quality encryption technologies.
Restrictions on encryption technology are in place in many other countries but the extent of regulation varies widely from country
to country. Domestically, encryption technology is largely unregulated but law enforcement, intelligence and investigative agencies
work closely with encryption technology developers to enable the US government to access encrypted data under certain conditions.
We believe that the quantum encryption and decryption products that QCI plans to develop can be marketed to government agencies
seeking to unlock encrypted data or to encrypt and protect sensitive government data from unauthorized exposure. 

   

 

 
     7 
       
     

   

 Incentives 

   

 In 2018, Congress authorized $1.3 billion
to fund quantum related research projects. This funding is being administered by the U.S. Department of Defense which will solicit
proposals for research. The Company intends to submit proposals for funding, but there can be no guarantee the Company will be
chosen or that the Company will receive any government funding. In addition, in 2018, President Trump announced the formation of
a National Quantum Initiative consisting of key technology companies working in the field of quantum computing. The Company is
a member of that Initiative and is also a member of the Quantum Economic Development Council. 

   

 In December 2018, Congress passed the National
Quantum Initiative Act (the “Quantum Act”), which was signed into law on December 21, 2018. The purpose of the Quantum
Act is to “ensure the continued leadership of the United States in quantum information science” and to develop a unified
national strategy for researching quantum information science. The Quantum Act authorizes a National Quantum Coordination Office inside
the White House’s Office of Science and Technology Policy to help coordinate research between agencies, serve as the federal
point of contact and promote private commercialization of federal research breakthroughs over the next decade. 

   

 The Quantum Act also authorized: 

   

 
 
       
     ● 
     Up to five National Quantum Information Science Research Centers within the Department of Energy. 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     Research and education centers in the National Science Foundation. 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     A “workshop of stakeholders” administered by the National Institute of Standards and Technology “to discuss the future measurement, standards, cybersecurity, and other appropriate needs for supporting the development of a robust quantum information science and technology industry in the United States.” 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     A Subcommittee on Quantum Information Science (“QIS”) under the National Science and Technology Council. 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     A National Quantum Initiative Advisory Committee to advise the President. 
 
   

 The overall goals of the Quantum Act include
the eventual creation of industry standards for QIS development, new research grant funding and increased collaboration with the
private sector. Quantum technology, including quantum computing, has drawn significant attention from Congress and the White House
for its theoretical potential to increase computing power and disrupt encryption standards. Rival countries like China and
Russia are pushing hard to improve their own QIS capabilities. 

   

 Employees 

   

 We currently have fifteen full time employees
and five contract staff, thirteen of whom are focused on product and software development, and seven Technical Advisors (one from
the National Security Domain, four from the Quantum/AI Domain, and two from the Financial Services Domain). We also have two third
party partners providing software development and big data analysis services. The employees are not part of a collective bargaining
agreement and labor relationships are good. 

     

 ITEM 1A. RISK
FACTORS. 

   

 This Annual Report
on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our objectives, expectations
and intentions. The cautionary statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be read as applicable to all forward-looking
statements wherever they appear in this report. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed herein. Factors
that could cause or contribute to such differences include those discussed below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 

 
     8 
       
     

 

   

 Risks Related to Our Business 

   

 WE
HAVE A LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY. 

   

 The Company was incorporated under the
laws of the State of Nevada on July 25, 2001 as Ticketcart, Inc. Ticketcart operated as a seller of ink-jet printer cartridges
until July 2007, when Ticketcart acquired Innovative Beverage Group, Inc. and changed the name of the business to Innovative Beverage
Group Holdings, Inc. (“IBGH”), IBGH operated as a producer and distributor of non-alcoholic beverages until it ceased
operations in 2013. A group of investors acquired control of IBGH in January 2018 and redomiciled the business to Delaware on February
22, 2018 under the name Quantum Computing Inc. The Company has been engaged in developing and marketing quantum software products
since it was redomiciled to Delaware, but has not recorded any revenue from sales of products or services to date. Accordingly,
the Company has a limited operating history with which you can evaluate its business and prospects. An investor in the Company
must consider its business and prospects in light of the risks, uncertainties and difficulties frequently encountered by early-stage
companies, including limited capital, delays in product development, possible marketing and sales obstacles and delays, inability
to gain customer and merchant acceptance or inability to achieve significant distribution of our products and services to customers.
The Company cannot be certain that it will successfully address these risks. Its failure to address any of these risks could have
a material adverse effect on its business. 

   

 WE ARE NOT PROFITABLE
AND MAY NEVER BE PROFITABLE. 

   

 To date, we have not yet recorded revenues
from the sale of our products. If we are unable to generate revenues, we will not be able to achieve and maintain profitability.
Beyond this, we may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons including other risks described in this document,
and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown events. We incurred negative cash
flows from operating activities and recurring net losses in fiscal years 2020 and 2019. As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, our accumulated
deficit was $53,469,235 and $28,760,955, respectively. 

   

 Since inception through the present, we
have been dependent on raising capital to support our working capital needs. During this same period, we have recorded net accumulated
losses and are yet to achieve profitability. Our ability to achieve profitability depends upon many factors, including our ability
to develop and commercialize our products. There can be no assurance that we will ever achieve any significant revenues or profitable
operations.  

   

 OUR
OPERATING EXPENSES EXCEED OUR REVENUES AND WILL LIKELY CONTINUE TO DO SO FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE. 

   

 We are in an early stage of our development
and we have not generated any revenues to offset our operating expenses. Our operating expenses will likely continue to exceed
our operating income for the foreseeable future, until such time as we are able to monetize our brands and generate substantial
revenues, particularly as we undertake payment of the increased costs of operating as a public company. 

   

 WE
WILL NEED ADDITIONAL CAPITAL, WHICH MAY BE DIFFICULT TO RAISE AS A RESULT OF OUR LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY OR ANY NUMBER OF OTHER
REASONS. 

   

 We expect that we will have adequate financing
for the next 24-30 months at the current level of operations. However, in the event that we exceed our expected growth rate, we
would need to raise additional capital. There is no assurance that additional equity or debt financing will be available to us
when needed, on acceptable terms or even at all. Our limited operating history makes investor evaluation and an estimation of our
future performance substantially more difficult. As a result, investors may be unwilling to invest in us or such investment may
be on terms or conditions which are not acceptable. In the event that we are not able to secure financing, we may have to scale
back our growth plans or cease operations. 

 

   

 

 
     9 
       
     

   

 FAILURE TO IDENTIFY ERRORS IN THE
QUANTITATIVE MODELS WE UTILIZE TO MANAGE OUR BUSINESS COULD ADVERSELY IMPACT PRODUCT PERFORMANCE AND CLIENT RELATIONSHIPS. 

   

 We employ various quantitative models to
manage our business. Any errors in the underlying models or model assumptions could have unanticipated and adverse consequences
on our business and reputation. 

   

 WE MAY BE UNABLE TO DEVELOP NEW PRODUCTS
AND SERVICES AND THE DEVELOPMENT OF NEW PRODUCTS AND SERVICES MAY EXPOSE US TO ADDITIONAL COSTS OR OPERATIONAL RISK. 

   

 Our financial performance depends, in part,
on our ability to develop, market and manage new products and services. The development and introduction of new products and services
require continued innovative efforts and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment.
Substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, including the implementation
of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, shifting client and market preferences, the introduction of competing
products or services and compliance with regulatory requirements. 

   

 OUR
PROPRIETARY TECHNOLOGY MAY BE SUBJECT TO CLAIMS FOR INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OTHERS,
OR MAY BE INFRINGED OR MISAPPROPRIATED BY OTHERS. 

   

 We rely, and may rely in the future, upon
a combination of license agreements, confidentiality policies and procedures, confidentiality provisions in employment agreements,
confidentiality agreements with third parties and technical security measures to maintain the confidentiality, exclusivity and
trade secrecy of our proprietary information. We also rely, and most likely will rely in the future, on trademark and copyright
laws to protect our intellectual property rights in the United States and abroad. Despite our protective measures and intellectual
property rights, we may not be able to adequately protect against theft, copying, reverse engineering, misappropriation, infringement
or unauthorized use or disclosure of our intellectual property, which could have an adverse effect on our competitive position. 

   

 WE
MAY BECOME SUBJECT TO LEGAL PROCEEDINGS THAT COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE IMPACT ON OUR FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

   

 From time to time and in the ordinary course
of our business, we and certain of our subsidiaries may become involved in various legal proceedings. All such legal proceedings
are inherently unpredictable and, regardless of the merits of the claims, litigation may be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive
to our operations and distracting to management. If resolved against us, such legal proceedings could result in excessive verdicts,
injunctive relief or other equitable relief that may affect how we operate our business. Similarly, if we settle such legal proceedings,
it may affect how we operate our business. Future court decisions, alternative dispute resolution awards, business expansion or
legislative activity may increase our exposure to litigation and regulatory investigations. In some cases, substantial noneconomic
remedies or punitive damages may be sought. Although we maintain liability insurance coverage, there can be no assurance that such
coverage will cover any particular verdict, judgment or settlement that may be entered against us, that such coverage will prove
to be adequate or that such coverage will continue to remain available on acceptable terms, if at all. If we incur liability that
exceeds our insurance coverage or that is not within the scope of the coverage in legal proceedings brought against us, it could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 
 
       
     ● 
     Certification, licensing or regulatory requirements with regard to the technology we expect to develop relating to financial and cybersecurity applications; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     Unexpected changes in regulatory requirements such as the National Quantum Initiative Act or other federal or state laws that may require us to take certain actions; and 
 
   

 

 
 
       
     ● 
     Changes to or reduced protection of intellectual property rights in some countries which may affect or ability to protect and maintain intellectual property rights relating to our applications. 
 
   

 

 
     10 
       
     

   

 WE
INTEND TO CONTINUE EXPLORING STRATEGIC BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER COMBINATIONS, WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO INHERENT RISKS. 

   

 In order to expand our solutions, services,
and grow our market and client base, we may continue to seek and complete strategic business acquisitions and other combinations
that we believe are complementary to our business. Acquisitions have inherent risks which may have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, operating results or prospects, including, but not limited to: 1) failure to successfully integrate
the business and financial operations, services, intellectual property, solutions or personnel of an acquired business and to maintain
uniform standard controls, policies and procedures; 2) diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns;
3) entry into markets in which we have little or no direct prior experience; 4) failure to achieve projected synergies and performance
targets; 5) loss of clients or key personnel; 6) incurrence of debt or assumption of known and unknown liabilities; 7) write-off
of software development costs, goodwill, client lists and amortization of expenses related to intangible assets; 8) dilutive issuances
of equity securities; and, 9) accounting deficiencies that could arise in connection with, or as a result of, the acquisition of
an acquired company, including issues related to internal control over financial reporting and the time and cost associated with
remedying such deficiencies. If we fail to successfully integrate acquired businesses or fail to implement our business strategies
with respect to these acquisitions, we may not be able to achieve projected results or support the amount of consideration paid
for such acquired businesses. 

   

 IF
WE ARE UNABLE TO MANAGE OUR GROWTH IN THE NEW MARKETS IN WHICH WE OFFER SOLUTIONS OR SERVICES, OUR BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL RESULTS
COULD SUFFER. 

   

 Our future financial results will depend
in part on our ability to profitably manage our business in the new markets that we enter. Difficulties in managing future growth
in new markets could have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

   

 WE
RELY HEAVILY ON OUR MANAGEMENT, AND THE LOSS OF THEIR SERVICES COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS. 

   

 Our success is highly dependent upon the
continued services of our management including our Chief Executive Officer, Robert Liscouski, and our Chief Financial Officer,
Mr. Christopher Roberts. The loss of Mr. Liscouski’s and/or Mr. Roberts’ services would have a material adverse effect
on the Company and its business operations. 

   

 OUR CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER IS NOT
A FULL-TIME EMPLOYEE. 

   

 Our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Christopher
Roberts, is an independent contractor and shares time with other clients. The inability to retain a full-time Chief Financial Officer,
Principal Financial Officer or governor of the financial responsibilities of the Company may impair our ability to meet our reporting
obligations and implement financial controls to protect the Company. 

   

 WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO IMPLEMENT OUR
GROWTH AND MARKETING STRATEGY SUCCESSFULLY OR ON A TIMELY BASIS OR AT ALL. 

   

 Our future success depends, in large part,
on our ability to implement our growth strategy of expanding distribution and sales of our product portfolio, attracting new consumers
and introducing new product lines and product extensions. 

   

 Our sales and operating results will be
adversely affected if we fail to implement our growth strategy or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately proves
unsuccessful. 

   

 

 
     11 
       
     

   

 CYBER SECURITY RISKS AND THE FAILURE
TO MAINTAIN THE INTEGRITY OF DATA BELONGING TO OUR COMPANY COULD EXPOSE US TO DATA LOSS, LITIGATION AND LIABILITY, AND OUR REPUTATION
COULD BE SIGNIFICANTLY HARMED. 

   

 We may from time to time collect and retain
large volumes of data relating to our business and from our customers for business purposes, including for transactional and promotional
purposes, and our various information technology systems enter, process, summarize and report such data. The integrity and protection
of this data is critical to our business. Maintaining compliance with the evolving regulations and requirements applicable to data
security and information privacy protection could be difficult and may increase our expenses. In addition, a penetrated or compromised
data system or the intentional, inadvertent or negligent release or disclosure of data could result in theft, loss or fraudulent
or unlawful use of data relating to our company or our employees, independent distributors or preferred customers, which could
harm our reputation, disrupt our operations, or result in remedial and other costs, fines or lawsuits. 

   

 COMPUTER MALWARE, VIRUSES, HACKING,
PHISHING ATTACKS AND SPAMMING COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

   

 Computer malware, viruses, physical or
electronic break-ins and similar disruptions could lead to interruption and delays in our services and operations and loss, misuse
or theft of data. Computer malware, viruses, computer hacking and phishing attacks against online networking platforms have become
more prevalent and may occur on our systems in the future. 

   

 Any attempts by hackers to disrupt our
internal systems, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation or brand. Our network
security business disruption insurance may not be sufficient to cover significant expenses and losses related to direct attacks
on our website or internal systems. Efforts to prevent hackers from entering our computer systems are expensive to implement and
may limit the functionality of our services. Though it is difficult to determine what, if any, harm may directly result from any
specific interruption or attack, any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security and availability of our products and
services and technical infrastructure may harm our reputation, brand and our ability to attract customers. Any significant disruption
to our website or internal computer systems could result in a loss of customers and could adversely affect our business and results
of operations. 

   

 We have previously experienced, and may
in the future experience, service disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure
changes, third-party service providers, human or software errors and capacity constraints. If our mobile application is unavailable
when customers attempt to access it or it does not load as quickly as they expect, customers may seek other services. 

   

 Our platform functions on software that
is highly technical and complex and may now or in the future contain undetected errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities. Some errors in
our software code may only be discovered after the code has been deployed. Any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities discovered in our
code after deployment, inability to identify the cause or causes of performance problems within an acceptable period of time or
difficultly maintaining and improving the performance of our platform, particularly during peak usage times, could result in damage
to our reputation or brand, loss of revenues, or liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial
results. 

   

 We expect to continue to make significant
investments to maintain and improve the availability of our platform and to enable rapid releases of new features and products.
To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and continually develop our
technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and operating results
may be harmed. 

   

 GROWING OUR CUSTOMER BASE DEPENDS
UPON THE EFFECTIVE OPERATION OF OUR APPLICATIONS WITH OPERATING SYSTEMS, NETWORKS AND STANDARDS THAT WE DO NOT CONTROL. 

   

 We will be dependent on the interoperability
of our applications with operating systems that we do not control, and any changes in such systems that degrade our potential products’
functionality or give preferential treatment to competitive products could adversely affect the usage of our applications on mobile
devices. Additionally, in order to deliver high quality products, it is important that our products work well with a range of mobile
technologies, systems, networks and standards that we do not control. We may not be successful in developing relationships with
key participants in the mobile industry or in developing products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks
or standards. 

   

 

 
     12 
       
     

   

 WE MAY NEVER SUCCESSFULLY COMMERCIALIZE
ANY PRODUCTS. 

   

 We have invested a substantial amount of
our time and resources in developing various new products and computing technologies. Commercialization of these products will
require additional development, clinical evaluation, beta testing, significant marketing efforts and substantial additional investment
before they can provide us with any revenue. Despite our efforts, these products may not become commercially successful products
for a number of reasons, including but not limited to: 

   

 
 
       
     ● 
     our products or technologies may not prove to be effective in trials; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     we may experience delays in our development program; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     any products or technologies that are developed may not be accepted in the marketplace; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     we may not have adequate financial or other resources to complete the development or to commence the  commercialization of our products or will not have adequate financial or other resources to achieve significant commercialization of our products; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     we may not be able to manufacture any of our products in commercial quantities or at an acceptable cost; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     rapid technological change may make our products obsolete; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     we may be unable to effectively protect our intellectual property rights or we may become subject to claims that our activities have infringed the intellectual property rights of others; and 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     we may be unable to obtain or defend patent rights for our products or technologies. 
 
   

 THE MARKET OPPORTUNITY FOR OUR PRODUCTS
AND TECHNOLOGIES MAY NOT DEVELOP IN THE WAYS THAT WE ANTICIPATE. 

   

 The demand for our products and technologies
can change quickly and in ways that we may not anticipate because the market in which we operate is characterized by rapid, and
sometimes disruptive, technological developments, evolving industry standards, frequent new product introductions and enhancements,
changes in customer requirements and a limited ability to accurately forecast future customer orders. Our operating results may
be adversely affected if the market opportunity for our products and services does not develop in the ways that we anticipate or
if other technologies or products become more accepted or standard in our industry or disrupt our technologies and products. 

   

 WE FACE SIGNIFICANT COMPETITION AND
MANY OF OUR COMPETITORS ARE LARGER AND HAVE GREATER FINANCIAL AND OTHER RESOURCES THAN WE DO. 

   

 Some of our product offerings and technologies
compete and will compete with other similar products from our competitors. These competitive products could be marketed by well-established,
successful companies that possess greater financial, marketing, distributional, personnel and other resources than we possess.
In certain instances, competitors with greater financial resources also may be able to enter a market in direct competition with
us offering attractive marketing tools to encourage the sale of products that compete with our products or present cost features
that our target end users may find attractive. 

   

 OUR INABILITY TO PROTECT OUR INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY COULD IMPAIR OUR COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE, REDUCE OUR REVENUE, AND INCREASE OUR COSTS. 

   

 Our success and ability to compete depends
and will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain the proprietary aspects of our technologies and products. We intend
to rely on a combination of trade secrets, patents, copyrights, trademarks, confidentiality agreements, and other contractual provisions
to protect our intellectual property, but these measures may provide only limited protection. We may not always be able to enforce
these agreements and may fail to enter into any such agreement in every instance when appropriate. We may from time to time license
from third party’s their brands or certain technology used in and for our products. These third-party licenses are granted
with restrictions; therefore, such third-party technology may not remain available to us on terms beneficial to us. Our failure
to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights or obtain from third parties the right to use necessary technology could
have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, the laws of some foreign
countries do not protect proprietary rights as fully as do the laws of the United States. 

   

 

 
     13 
       
     

   

 Patents may not issue from the patent applications
that we may file in the future. Our issued patents may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, and claims of our patents may
not be of sufficient scope or strength, or issued in the proper geographic regions, to provide meaningful protection or any commercial
advantage. We plan to register certain of our trademarks in the United States and other countries. We cannot assure you that we
will obtain registrations of principal or other trademarks in key markets in the future. Failure to obtain registrations could
compromise our ability to protect fully our trademarks and brands, and could increase the risk of challenge from third parties
to our use of our trademarks and brands. 

    

 WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PROTECT OUR
SOURCE CODE FROM COPYING IF THERE IS AN UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OF SOURCE CODE. 

   

 Source code, the detailed program commands
for our operating systems and other software programs, is critical to our business. Although we license portions of our application
and operating system source code to several licensees, we take significant measures to protect the secrecy of large portions of
our source code. If a significant portion of our source code leaks, we might lose future trade secret protection for that source
code. It may become easier for third parties to compete with our products by copying functionality, which could adversely affect
our revenue and operating margins. 

   

 OUR FAILURE TO KEEP PACE WITH RAPID
TECHNOLOGY CHANGES COULD HAVE A NEGATIVE IMPACT ON OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND FINANCIAL RESULTS. 

   

 The markets for our products and services
are characterized by rapid technological developments and frequent changes in customer requirements. We must continually improve
the performance, features and reliability of our products and services, particularly in response to competitive offerings, to keep
pace with these developments. We must ensure that our products and services address evolving operating environments, devices, industry
trends, certifications and standards. We also may need to develop products that are compatible with new operating systems while
remaining compatible with existing, popular operating systems. Our business could be harmed by our competitors announcing or introducing
new products and services that could be perceived by customers as superior to ours. We spend considerable resources on technology
research and development, but our research and development resources are more limited than many of our competitors. 

   

 Our failure to introduce new or enhanced
products on a timely basis, to keep pace with rapid industry, technological or market changes or to gain customer acceptance for
our new and existing products and services, such as mobile device data protection, could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and financial results. 

   

 WE MAY FAIL TO RECRUIT AND RETAIN
KEY PERSONNEL, WHICH COULD IMPAIR OUR ABILITY TO MEET KEY OBJECTIVES. 

   

 Our success depends on our ability to attract
and retain highly-skilled technical, managerial, sales, and marketing personnel. Changes in key personnel may be disruptive to
our business. It could be difficult, time consuming and expensive to replace key personnel. Integrating new key personnel may be
difficult and costly. Volatility, lack of positive performance in our stock price or changes to our overall compensation program
including our stock incentive program may adversely affect our ability to retain key employees, many of whom are compensated, in
part, based on the performance of our stock price. The loss of services of any of our key personnel, the inability to retain and
attract qualified personnel in the future or delays in hiring required personnel could make it difficult to meet key objectives.
Any of these impairments related to our key personnel could negatively affect our business, financial condition and financial results. 

   

 

 
     14 
       
     

   

 To remain competitive in our industries,
we must attract, motivate and retain highly skilled managerial, sales, marketing, consulting and technical personnel, including
executives, consultants, programmers and systems architects skilled in quantum computing, computing, and the technical environments
in which our solutions, devices and services are needed. Competition for such personnel in our industries is intense in both the
United States and abroad. Our failure to attract additional qualified personnel to meet our needs could have a material adverse
effect on our prospects for long-term growth. In addition, we invest significant time and expense in training our associates, which
increases their value to clients and competitors who may seek to recruit them and increases the cost of replacing them. Our success
is dependent to a significant degree on the continued contributions of key management, sales, marketing, consulting and technical
personnel. The unexpected loss of key personnel could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations,
and could potentially inhibit development and delivery of our solutions, devices and services and market share advances. 

   

 IF WE FAIL TO ESTABLISH AND MAINTAIN
AN EFFECTIVE SYSTEM OF INTERNAL CONTROL, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO REPORT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS ACCURATELY OR PREVENT FRAUD. ANY INABILITY
TO REPORT AND FILE OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS ACCURATELY AND TIMELY COULD HARM OUR REPUTATION AND ADVERSELY IMPACT THE TRADING PRICE
OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 

   

 Effective internal control is necessary
for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud,
we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed, and our business
and reputation with investors may be harmed. As a result, our small size and any current internal control deficiencies may adversely
affect our financial condition, results of operations and access to capital. 

   

 THE QUANTUM COMPUTING INDUSTRY IS
IMMATURE AND VOLATILE, AND IF IT DOES NOT DEVELOP, IF IT DEVELOPS MORE SLOWLY THAN WE EXPECT, IF IT ENCOUNTERS NEGATIVE PUBLICITY
OR IF OUR SOLUTION DOES NOT DRIVE COMMERCIAL ENGAGEMENT, THE GROWTH OF OUR BUSINESS WILL BE HARMED. 

   

 With respect to our quantum computing application
services, the quantum computing industry is relatively new and unproven, and it is uncertain whether it will achieve and sustain
high levels of demand, consumer acceptance and market adoption. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the willingness
of our potential customers to use, and increase their utilization of, our solution, as well as on our ability to demonstrate the
value of quantum computing to their respective organization, government agencies, and other purchasers of quantum computing offerings.
Negative publicity concerning our solution or the quantum computing industry as a whole could limit market acceptance of our solution.
If our clients and partners do not perceive the benefits of our solution, or if our solution does not drive member engagement,
then our market may not develop at all, or it may develop more slowly than we expect. Similarly, individual and industry concerns
or negative publicity regarding technophobic views in the context of quantum computing could limit market acceptance of our quantum
computing services. If any of these events occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

    

 RAPID TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE IN OUR
INDUSTRY PRESENTS US WITH SIGNIFICANT RISKS AND CHALLENGES. 

   

 The quantum computing market is characterized
by rapid technological change, changing user requirements, uncertain product lifecycles and evolving industry standards. Our success
will depend on our ability to enhance our solution with next-generation technologies and to develop or to acquire and market new
services to access new consumer populations. There is no guarantee that we will possess the resources, either financial or personnel,
for the research, design and development of new applications or services, or that we will be able to utilize these resources successfully
and avoid technological or market obsolescence. Further, there can be no assurance that technological advances by one or more of
our competitors or future competitors will not results in present or future applications and services becoming uncompetitive or
obsolete. 

   

 

 
     15 
       
     

   

 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

   

 OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE OR
MAY DECLINE REGARDLESS OF OUR OPERATING PERFORMANCE, AND YOU MAY LOSE PART OR ALL OF YOUR INVESTMENT. 

   

 The market price of our common stock may
fluctuate widely in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

   

 
 
       
     ● 
     actions by competitors; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     actual or anticipated growth rates relative to our competitors; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     the public’s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with the SEC; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     economic, legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     any future guidance we may provide to the public, any changes in such guidance or any difference between our guidance and actual results; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     changes in financial estimates or recommendations by any securities analysts who follow our common stock; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     speculation by the press or investment community regarding our business; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     litigation; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     changes in key personnel; and 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     future sales of our common stock by our officers, directors and significant shareholders. 
 
   

 In addition, the stock markets, including
the over-the-counter markets where we are quoted, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and
continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These broad market fluctuations may materially affect
our stock price, regardless of our operating results. Furthermore, the market for our common stock historically has been limited
and we cannot assure you that a larger market will ever be developed or maintained. The price at which investors purchase shares
of our common stock may not be indicative of the price that will prevail in the trading market. Market fluctuations and volatility,
as well as general economic, market and political conditions, could reduce our market price. As a result, these factors may make
it more difficult or impossible for you to sell our common stock for a positive return on your investment. In the past, shareholders
have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were involved in securities litigation,
we could incur substantial costs and our resources and the attention of management could be diverted from our business. 

   

 FUTURE SALES OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON
STOCK, OR THE PERCEPTION IN THE PUBLIC MARKETS THAT THESE SALES MAY OCCUR, MAY DEPRESS OUR STOCK PRICE. 

   

 The market price of our common stock could
decline significantly as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock. In addition, if our significant shareholders
sell a large number of shares, or if we issue a large number of shares, the market price of our stock could decline. Any issuance
of additional common stock by us in the future, or warrants or options to purchase our common stock, if exercised, would result
in dilution to our existing shareholders. Such issuances could be made at a price that reflects a discount or a premium to the
then-current trading price of our common stock. Moreover, the perception in the public market that shareholders might sell shares
of our stock or that we could make a significant issuance of additional common stock in the future could depress the market for
our shares. These sales, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock or
make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 

   

 

 
     16 
       
     

   

 We have issued shares of common stock and
convertible notes which are convertible into shares of our common stock in connection with our private placements and certain employment,
director and consultant agreements. In addition, we issued shares of our common stock and convertible notes which are convertible
into shares of our common stock, in financing transactions and pursuant to employment agreements that are deemed to be “restricted
securities,” as that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. From time to time, certain of our
shareholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their restricted shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage transactions
in the open market pursuant to Rule 144, subject to certain limitations. The resale pursuant to Rule 144 of shares acquired from
us in private transactions could cause our stock price to decline significantly. 

   

 “PENNY STOCK” RULES MAY
MAKE BUYING OR SELLING OUR COMMON STOCK DIFFICULT. 

   

 If the market price for our common stock
is below $5.00 per share, trading in our common stock may be subject to the “penny stock” rules. The SEC has adopted
regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share,
subject to certain exceptions. These rules would require that any broker-dealer that would recommend our common stock to persons
other than prior customers and accredited investors, must, prior to the sale, make a special written suitability determination
for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement to execute the transaction. Unless an exception is available,
the regulations would require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining
the penny stock market and the risks associated with trading in the penny stock market. In addition, broker-dealers must disclose
commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities they
offer. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions
in our common stock, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our common stock. 

   

 SALES OF OUR CURRENTLY ISSUED AND
OUTSTANDING STOCK MAY BECOME FREELY TRADABLE PURSUANT TO RULE 144 AND MAY DILUTE THE MARKET FOR YOUR SHARES AND HAVE A DEPRESSIVE
EFFECT ON THE PRICE OF THE SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 

   

 A substantial majority of our outstanding
shares of common stock are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. As restricted
shares, these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or
other applicable exemptions from registration under the Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides
in essence that an Affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 144(a)(1)) of an issuer who has held restricted securities for a
period of at least six months (one year after filing Form 10 information with the SEC for shell companies and former shell companies)
may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number of shares that does not exceed the
greater of 1% of a company’s outstanding shares of common stock or the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar
weeks prior to the sale (the four calendar week rule does not apply to companies quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board). Rule 144 also
permits, under certain circumstances, the sale of securities, without any limitation, by a person who is not an Affiliate of the
Company and who has satisfied a one-year holding period. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act, if available,
or pursuant to subsequent registrations of our shares of common stock, may have a depressive effect upon the price of our shares
of common stock in any active market that may develop. 

   

 POTENTIAL FUTURE FINANCINGS MAY DILUTE
THE HOLDINGS OF OUR CURRENT SHAREHOLDERS. 

   

 In order to provide capital for the operation
of our business, in the future we may enter into financing arrangements. These arrangements may involve the issuance of new shares
of common stock, preferred stock that is convertible into common stock, debt securities that are convertible into common stock
or warrants for the purchase of common stock. Any of these items could result in a material increase in the number of shares of
common stock outstanding, which would in turn result in a dilution of the ownership interests of existing common shareholders.
In addition, these new securities could contain provisions, such as priorities on distributions and voting rights, which could
affect the value of our existing common stock. 

   

 

 
     17 
       
     

   

 WE CURRENTLY DO NOT INTEND TO PAY
DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON STOCK. AS A RESULT, YOUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO ACHIEVE A RETURN ON YOUR INVESTMENT IS IF THE PRICE OF OUR
COMMON STOCK APPRECIATES . 

   

 We currently do not expect to declare or
pay dividends on our common stock. In addition, in the future we may enter into agreements that prohibit or restrict our ability
to declare or pay dividends on our common stock. As a result, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment will
be if the market price of our common stock appreciates and you sell your shares at a profit. 

   

 YOU MAY EXPERIENCE DILUTION OF YOUR
OWNERSHIP INTEREST DUE TO THE FUTURE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 

   

 We are in a capital intensive business
and we do not have sufficient funds to finance the growth of our business or the costs of our development projects or to support
our projected capital expenditures. As a result, we will require additional funds from future equity or debt financings, including
tax equity financing transactions or sales of preferred shares or convertible debt, to complete the development of new projects
and pay the general and administrative costs of our business. We may in the future issue our previously authorized and unissued
securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of holders of our common stock. We are currently authorized to
issue 250,000,000 shares of common stock. The potential issuance of such additional shares of common stock or preferred stock or
convertible debt may create downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. We may also issue additional shares of
common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in future public offerings or private
placements for capital raising purposes or for other business purposes. The future issuance of a substantial number of common shares
into the public market, or the perception that such issuance could occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of
our common shares. A decline in the price of our common shares could make it more difficult to raise funds through future offerings
of our common shares or securities convertible into common shares. 

   

 FUTURE ISSUANCE OF OUR COMMON STOCK,
PREFERRED STOCK, OPTIONS AND WARRANTS COULD DILUTE THE INTERESTS OF EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS. 

   

 We may issue additional shares of our common
stock, preferred stock, options and warrants in the future. The issuance of a substantial amount of common stock, options and warrants
could have the effect of substantially diluting the interests of our current stockholders. In addition, the sale of a substantial
amount of common stock or preferred stock in the public market, or the exercise of a substantial number of warrants and options
either in the initial issuance or in a subsequent resale by the target company in an acquisition which received such common stock
as consideration or by investors who acquired such common stock in a private placement could have an adverse effect on the market
price of our common stock. 

   

 OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
POSSESS SIGNIFICANT VOTING POWER WITH RESPECT TO OUR COMMON STOCK, WHICH WILL LIMIT YOUR INFLUENCE ON CORPORATE MATTERS. 

   

 As of March 12, 2021, our directors and
executive officers collectively beneficially own approximately 18.33% of the shares of our common stock including the beneficial
ownership of Mr. Liscouski of 3.53% of the shares of our common stock. 

   

 As a result, our insiders have the ability
to significantly influence our management and affairs through the election and removal of our Board and all other matters requiring
stockholder approval, including any future merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentrated
voting power could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change-of-control transaction that
may otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders. Furthermore, this concentrated control will limit the practical effect of your
influence over our business and affairs, through any stockholder vote or otherwise. Any of these effects could depress the price
of our common stock. 

   

 

 
     18 
       
     

   

 OUR ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION GRANTS
OUR BOARD THE POWER TO ISSUE ADDITIONAL SHARES OF COMMON AND PREFERRED SHARES AND TO DESIGNATE OTHER CLASSES OF PREFERRED SHARES,
ALL WITHOUT STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. 

   

 Our authorized capital consists of 260,000,000
shares of capital stock of which 10,000,000 shares are authorized as preferred stock. Our Board, without any action by our stockholders,
may designate and issue shares of preferred stock in such series as it deems appropriate and establish the rights, preferences
and privileges of such shares, including dividends, liquidation and voting rights, provided it is consistent with Delaware law. 

   

 The rights of holders of our preferred
stock that may be issued could be superior to the rights of holders of our shares of common stock. The designation and issuance
of shares of capital stock having preferential rights could adversely affect other rights appurtenant to shares of our common stock.
Furthermore, any issuances of additional stock (common or preferred) will dilute the percentage of ownership interest of then-current
holders of our capital stock and may dilute our book value per share. 

   

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS. 

   

 Not applicable 

   

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

   

 We
maintain our current principal office at 215 Depot Court SE #215, Leesburg, VA 20175. Our telephone number at this office is (703)
436-2161. The Company leases approximately 350 square feet on a month-to-month basis in a multi-tenant facility that provides conference
room space, 24/7 co-working space, and other services on an as-needed basis in Leesburg, VA. The facility lease can be terminated
upon 30 days written notice by the Company.  

   

 ITEM 3. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS. 

    

 We are not currently involved in any litigation
that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit,
or proceeding by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge
of the executive officers of our Company or our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our Company, our common stock, our
subsidiary or of our companies or our subsidiary’s officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse
decision could have a material adverse effect. 

   

 ITEM 4. MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

   

 Not applicable. 

   

 

 
     19 
       
     

   

 PART II 

   

 ITEM 5. MARKET
FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

   

 Our common stock is qualified for quotation
on the OTC Markets-OTCQB under the symbol “QUBT” and has been quoted on the OTCQB since August 2019. 

   

 Authorized Capital 

   

 The Company is authorized by its Certificate
of Incorporation to issue an aggregate of 250,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the “Common Stock”),
and 10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred. As of March 17, 2021, 28,667,925 shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding
and no shares of preferred stock were outstanding. 

    

 Holders of Common Equity 

   

 As of March 17, 2021, there were approximately
561 stockholders of record. Because shares of our common stock are held by depositaries, brokers and other nominees, the number
of beneficial holders of our shares is substantially larger than the number of stockholders of record. 

   

 Dividend Information 

   

 We have not paid any cash dividends to
our holders of common stock. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends
upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic conditions, and other pertinent
conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings,
if any, in our business operations. 

   

 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds 

   

 During the year ended December 31, 2020,
we have issued securities that were not registered under the Securities Act, all of which were previously disclosed in a Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

   

 ITEM 6. SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA. 

   

 We are not required to provide the information
required by this item because we are a smaller reporting company. 

   

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. 

   

 The following discussion and analysis
of the results of operations and financial condition for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial statements that are included elsewhere
in this Annual Report. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and
uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. See “Forward-Looking
Statements.” 

   

 Management’s discussion and analysis
of results of operations and financial condition (“MD&A”) is a supplement to the accompanying condensed financial
statements and provides additional information on Quantum Computing Inc.’s (“Quantum” or the “Company’)
business, current developments, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

   

 When we say “we,” “us,”
“our,” “Company,” or “Quantum,” we mean Quantum Computing Inc. 

   

 Overview 

 

   

 At the present
time, we are a development stage company with limited operations.  The Company plans to enter the market for high performance
computers and software applications, specifically focusing on what are known as “quantum computers”. The Company has
assembled a team of experts in quantum computing software technology and quantum mathematics, which will focus on the design and
development of several quantum software applications targeting solutions to non-deterministic polynomial applications. The Company’s
development team has initially focused on addressing computational problems in the financial services, supply chain and logistics
management; pharmaceutical design, heavy manufacturing, and computer security (cyber) market segments.  The Company’s
development team includes mathematicians, physicists, and software developers.  

   

 

 
     20 
       
     

   

 Results of
Operations 

   

 Twelve Months Ended December
31, 2020 vs. December 31, 2019 

   

 Revenues 


   

 
 
         
     For the   Twelve Months Ended   December 31, 2020     
     For the   Twelve Months Ended   December 31, 2019     
         
 
     (In thousands)   
     Amount     
     Mix     
     Amount     
     Mix     
     Change   
 
     Products   
       0     
       0 %   
       0     
       0 %   
       0 % 
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Services   
       0     
       0 %   
       0     
       0 %   
       0 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 0     
       100.0 %   
     $ 0     
       100.0 %   
       0 % 
 

   

 Revenues for the
Twelve Months ended December 31, 2020 were $0 as compared with $0 for the comparable prior year period, a change of $0, or 0%.
The lack of revenue is due to the fact that quantum computing is a novel idea for most potential customers, so the Company was
focused on building customer awareness rather than pressing for immediate sales. We have developed and released two products and
are now in the process of marketing and commercialization. We expect to generate revenue in 2021. 

   

 Cost of Revenues 

   

 Cost of revenues
for the Twelve Months ended December 31, 2020 was $0 as compared with $0 for the comparable prior year period, a change of $0 or
0%. There was no cost of revenues recorded because the Company has not yet commenced marketing and selling products or services. 

   

 Gross Margin 

   

 Gross margin for
the Twelve Months ended December 31, 2020 was $0 as compared with $0 for the comparable prior year period. There was no gross margin
because the Company has not yet commenced marketing and selling products or services. 

   

 Operating Expenses 

   

 Operating expenses
for the Twelve Months ended December 31, 2020 were $17,343,007 as compared with $2,547,652 for the comparable prior year period,
an increase of $14,795,355 or 581%. The increase in operating expenses is due to a $10,962,226 increase in stock based compensation
expenses, a $1,322,310 increase in consulting expenses, a $648,391 increase in R&D expenses, an increase of $195,062 in legal
fees, an increase of $140,698 in related party marketing expenses, and a $147,533 increase in salaries expense, compared to the
comparable prior year period. In addition, there was an increase of $1,574,197 in other SG&A expenses compared to the comparable
prior year period. 

   

 Net Loss 

   

 Our net loss for
the Twelve Months ended December 31, 2020 was $24,734,280 as compared with a net loss of $8,381,088 for the comparable prior year
period, an increase of $16,353,193 or 195%. The increase in net loss is primarily due to the increase in operating expenses recorded
in the current period compared to the comparable prior year period, as noted above, and the increase of $5,681,612 in interest
expense, primarily related to financing cost that was incurred in connection with several offerings of the Company’s common
stock, which was offset in part by a $1,961,460 decrease in interest expense relating to derivative mark to market and a $1,100,777
decrease in warrant expense in the current period. 

   

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

   

 Since commencing operations as Quantum
Computing in February 2018, the Company has raised $17,226,000 through private placement of equity and $5,158,550 through private
placements of Convertible Promissory Notes for a total of $22,384,550 in new investment. The Company has one bank loan outstanding
under the Small Business Administration’s Paycheck Protection Program (“PPP”) in the amount of $218,371, no lines
of credit, and no long-term debt obligations outstanding. As of March 17, 2021, the Company had cash and equivalents of $14,296,102
on hand. 

   

 

 
     21 
       
     

   

 Critical Accounting
Policies 

   

 Basis of Presentation: 

   

 The accompanying Balance Sheet as of December
31, 2020, which was derived from audited financial statements, and the unaudited interim financial statements of the Company have
been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for interim financial information, the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation
S-X. In the opinion of management, the accompanying audited, financial statements contain all adjustments necessary to present
fairly the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the cash flows and results of operations for the twelve
months then ended. Such adjustments consisted only of normal recurring items. The results of operations for the twelve months ended
December 31 are not necessarily indicative of the results for subsequent periods. The accounting policies followed by the Company
are set forth in Note 1 to the Company’s consolidated financial statements contained herein, and it is suggested that these
financial statements be read in conjunction therewith. 

   

 Accounting Changes 

   

 Quantum has consistently applied the accounting
policies to all periods presented in these unaudited financial statements. 

   

 Use of Estimates: 

   

 These financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Because a precise determination of
assets and liabilities, and correspondingly revenues and expenses, depends on future events, the preparation of financial statements
for any period necessarily involves the use of estimates and assumptions, an example being assumptions in valuation of stock options.
Actual amounts may differ from these estimates. These financial statements have, in management’s opinion, been properly prepared
within reasonable limits of materiality and within the framework of the accounting policies summarized below. Certain of our accounting
policies require the application of significant judgment by our management, and such judgments are reflected in the amounts reported
in our condensed consolidated financial statements. In applying these policies, our management uses judgment to determine the appropriate
assumptions to be used in the determination of estimates. Those estimates are based on our historical experience, terms of existing
contracts and agreements, our observance of market trends, information provided by our strategic partners and information available
from other outside sources, as appropriate. Actual results may differ significantly from the estimates contained in our condensed
consolidated financial statements 

   

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

   

 The Company’s policy is to present
bank balances under cash and cash equivalents, which at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced
any losses in such accounts. 

   

 Property and Equipment 

   

 Property and equipment are stated at cost
or contributed value. Depreciation of furniture, software and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over their
estimated useful lives, and leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful
lives or the lease term. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of equipment retired or sold are removed from the accounts
and any differences between the undepreciated amount and the proceeds from the sale are recorded as a gain or loss on sale of equipment. 

   

 Net Loss Per Share: 

   

 Net loss per share is based on the weighted
average number of common shares and common shares equivalents outstanding during the period. 

   

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

   

 We are not required to provide the information
required by this Item because we are a smaller reporting company. 

   

 

 
     22 
       
     

 

   

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

   

 Our consolidated financial statements are
contained in pages F-1 through F-23 which appear at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

   

 None. 

   

 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

   

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

   

 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filings are recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no
matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours
are designed to do, and management was necessarily required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of
possible controls and procedures. 

   

 As of December 31, 2020, we carried out
an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December
31, 2020 due to limited resources for adequate personnel to prepare and file reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
within the required periods, and material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting relating to our accounting
for complex equity transactions as described below under the heading “Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting”. Management plans to remediate this weakness by taking the actions described below. 

   

 Report of Management on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

   

 We are responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of our principal executive and principal
financial officers and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

   

 
 
       
     ● 
     pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of our assets; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
   

 

 
     23 
       
     

   

 Our internal control system is designed
to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of financial
statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

   

 We have assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). 

   

 Based on this assessment, management believes
that, as of December 31, 2020, the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting because of the
effect of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting discussed below.  

   

 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
Auditing Standard No. 2 defines a material weakness as a significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, that
results in there being a more than remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Based upon this definition, our management concluded that, as of December
31, 2020, a material weakness existed in our internal control over financial reporting related to accounting for complex equity
transactions. 

   

 Specifically, we identified material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting related to the following matters: 

   

 
 
       
     ● 
     We identified a lack of sufficient segregation of duties. Specifically, this material weakness is such that the design over these areas relies primarily on detective controls and could be strengthened by adding preventative controls to properly safeguard Company assets. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     Management has identified a lack of sufficient personnel in the accounting function due to our limited resources with appropriate skills, training and experience to perform the review processes to ensure the complete and proper application of generally accepted accounting principles, particularly as it relates to valuation of warrants and other complex debt /equity transactions. Specifically, this material weakness resulted in audit adjustments to the annual consolidated financial statements and revisions to related disclosures. 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     Limited policies and procedures that cover recording and reporting of financial transactions. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     Lack of multiple levels of review over the financial reporting process 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ●  
     Our plan to remediate those material weaknesses is as follows: 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     Improve the effectiveness of the accounting group by augmenting our existing resources with additional consultants or employees to assist in the analysis and recording of complex accounting transactions, and to simultaneously achieve desired organizational structuring for improved segregation of duties. We plan to mitigate this identified deficiency by hiring an independent consultant once we generate significantly more revenue or raise significant additional working capital. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     Improve expert review and achieve desired segregation procedures by strengthening cross approval of various functions including quarterly internal audit procedures where appropriate. 
 
   

 Notwithstanding the assessment that our
ICFR was not effective and that there are material weaknesses as identified herein, we believe that our consolidated financial
statements contained in this Annual Report fairly present our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the
years covered thereby in all material respects. 

 

 

   

 This annual report does not include an
attestation report of the Company’s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management’s report was not subject to attestation by the Company’s registered public accounting firm as we are a smaller
reporting company and are not required to provide the report. 

   

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

   

 There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule
13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2019 that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, except the implementation of the controls identified
above.   

   

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

   

 None.  

 

   

 

 
     24 
       
     

   

 PART III 

   

 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

   

 Directors 

   

 The following table contains information
with respect to our directors and executive officers. To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers
have an arrangement or understanding with any other person pursuant to which he or she was selected as a director or officer. There
are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. Directors serve one year terms. Our executive officers
are appointed by and serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 

   

 
 
     Name 
       
     Current  
Age 
       
     Position 
 
     Robert Liscouski 
       
     67 
       
     Chairman of the Board of Directors, President, and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
     Christopher Roberts 
       
     67 
       
     Chief Financial Officer, (Principal Financial Officer) (Principal Accounting Officer), Director 
 
     Bertrand Velge 
       
     62 
       
     Director 
 
     Justin Schreiber 
       
     39 
       
     Director 
 
     Robert Fagenson 
       
     72 
       
     Director  
 
   

 The following noteworthy experience, qualifications,
attributes and skills for each Board member, led to our conclusion that the person should serve as a director in light of our business
and structure: 

   

 Robert Liscouski, President, Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board 

   

 Mr. Liscouski, age 67, is the Chairman
and CEO of Quantum Computing. Mr. Liscouski is CEO and Founder of Convergent Risk Group LLC and a proven security professional,
thought leader and successful entrepreneur with over 35 years of senior level security operational and company leadership experience
in government and public and private companies. 

   

 Mr. Liscouski is a recognized Security
Industry leader in assessing, mitigating and managing physical and cyber security risk in private sector enterprises and state
and federal government agencies. Mr. Liscouski has extensive experience in leading innovative start up and turn around companies
as well as building programs for large government organizations and is recognized as a leader in identifying emerging security
technologies. He serves as a “Trusted Advisor” to senior officials within government and private sector, providing
guidance in areas such as physical and cyber security, crisis management, organizational development and strategic planning. Mr.
Liscouski’s career has spanned local law enforcement, senior government and private sector positions from operations to senior
leadership and Boards of Directors. He started his career as an undercover and homicide investigator, and Special Agent with the
Diplomatic Security Service and progressed to senior federal government positions where he served as a senior advisor to the intelligence
community and was appointed by President George W. Bush as the first Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection at the Department
of Homeland Security. He most recently was President of a public company that became a leader in the explosive trace detection
industry culminating in the sale of the technology to L3 Communications. Mr. Liscouski is a frequent contributor to CNBC, CNN,
Fox News, and other business and security media on Homeland Security and Terrorism issues. 

   

 

 
     25 
       
     

   

 Christopher Roberts, Chief Financial
Officer and Director 

   

 Mr. Roberts, age 67, is the Company’s
Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Roberts has a law degree from the University of Virginia Law School and a B.S, in Electrical Engineering
and an M.B.A., both from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His M.B.A. was concentrated in Finance and Management of Technology.
He started his career working for Raytheon Co. (a Fortune 500 company). Thereafter, he practiced law at two large NYC law firms.
Since leaving the private practice of law, Mr. Roberts has worked primarily in financial management roles with a number of government
contractors in the aerospace, defense and Information technology sectors. 

   

 Mr. Roberts has more than 37 years’
experience in public and private corporate finance and government contracting, including professional services, software products,
and hardware manufacturing businesses. Mr. Roberts has served as the Chief Financial Officer of both public and private companies
during the course of his career, including Secure Point Technologies, Systems Made Simple, Inc. (now a subsidiary of Leidos), Integral
Systems Inc. (a publicly company traded on NASDAQ under the symbol “ISYS.” now a subsidiary of Kratos), and Pearson
Analytic Solutions (now a subsidiary of General Dynamics). From 2012 to November 2016, he worked first as the CFO, and later as
the President of Systems Made Simple, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Leidos. Mr. Roberts is a co-author of Antitrust for Business,
and has published articles on antitrust and patent law, space policy, information technology, and corporate finance. 

    

 Justin Schreiber, Director 

   

 Mr. Schreiber, age 39, is the President
and founder of JLS Ventures, a venture capital and capital markets advisory firm that partners with entrepreneurs and emerging
growth companies to build disruptive products and technologies in the technology, healthcare and consumer products verticals. Since
February 2018, Mr. Schreiber has been the President, CEO and a Director of Conversion Labs Inc., a publicly traded direct to consumer
telehealth company. Prior to founding JLS Ventures, Mr. Schreiber ran a consulting business that provided investor relations, advisory
services and capital raising solutions to small publicly traded companies. In addition to his capital markets experience, Mr. Schreiber
previously worked for a global healthcare consulting firm as well as in the foreign currency trading business. He holds a BS in
International Business from Elizabethtown College and a BA in International Management from the ICN École de management
in Nancy, France. 

   

 Bertrand Velge, Director 

   

 Mr. Velge, age 62, is the Managing Director
of Graftyset, Ltd., a privately held company based in the United Kingdom. Graftyset is a wholesale distributor of wine, beer and
other alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverage, based in Sidcup, Kent (UK). Mr. Velge has served as Managing Director since the company
was incorporated in 2003 under the name of Otterden Vintners, Ltd. Mr. Velge also served as Director for Aliunde Ltd. since 2005.
Mr. Velge has over twenty years of experience in multi-disciplinary venture investing and was managing director and co-founder
of a fund that trades equities in Europe, Asia and the US focusing on IPOs. He speaks English, Flemish and French, and is a graduate
of the Universite Catholique de Louvain. 

   

 Robert Fagenson, Director 

   

 Mr. Fagenson serves as a member of the
board of directors of National Holdings Corporation (“NHS”) since March 2012. He serves as vice chairman of the board
of directors of NHS since September 2016. Mr. Fagenson previously served as co-chief executive officer of NHS from January 3, 2017
to January 31, 2017, as chief executive officer and chairman of the board of directors of NHS from December 2014 to September 2016,
and as executive vice-chairman of the board of directors of NHS from July 2012 to December 2014. Mr. Fagenson has been a branch
owner at NHS, an operating company of NHS, since 2012, and president of Fagenson & Co., Inc., a family investment company,
since 1982. Mr. Fagenson spent the majority of his career at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), where he was managing partner
of one of the exchange’s largest specialist firms. While at the NYSE, Mr. Fagenson served as a governor on the trading floor
and was elected to the NYSE board of directors in 1993, where he served for six years, eventually becoming vice chairman of the
NYSE board of directors from 1998 to 1999 and 2003 to 2004. Mr. Fagenson has served as director of the New York City Police Museum
since 2005, and as director of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association Foundation since 2009. He has also served on the
board of directors of Sigma Alpha Mu Foundation since 2011 and on the board of directors of New York Edge since 2015. In addition,
Mr. Fagenson served as the non-executive chairman of Document Security Systems, Inc. from 2012 to 2018 (NYSEMKT: DSS). He is currently
a member of the alumni boards of the Whitman School of Business at Syracuse University. 

   

 

 
     26 
       
     

   

 Mr. Fagenson received his B.S. in Transportation
Sciences & Finance from Syracuse University in 1970. The Board believes that Mr. Fagenson’s experience in the securities
industry and knowledge of the Company as its former chief executive officer qualifies him to serve as a member of the board. 

 

   

 Family Relationships. 

   

 There are no family relationships between
any of our directors or executive officers. 

   

 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

   

 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
the Company’s executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of the Company’s common stock, to
file reports of ownership and changes in ownership on Forms 3, 4 and 5 with the SEC. 

   

 Based solely on the Company’s review
of the copies of such Forms and written representations from certain reporting persons, the Company believes that all filings required
to be made by the Company’s Section 16(a) reporting persons during the Company’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2020
were made on a timely basis. 

   

 Code of Ethics 

   

 The Company currently maintains a Code
of Ethics which applies to all directors, officers, and employees. A copy of our Code of Ethics can be found on our website at
www.quantumcomputinginc.com. 

   

 Board Composition and Director Independence 

   

 Our board of directors consists of five
members. The directors will serve until our next annual meeting and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. The
Company defines “independent” as that term is defined in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ listing standards. 

   

 In making the determination of whether
a member of the board is independent, our board considers, among other things, transactions and relationships between each director
and his immediate family and the Company, including those reported under the caption “ Certain Relationships and Related-Party
Transactions ”. The purpose of this review is to determine whether any such relationships or transactions are material
and, therefore, inconsistent with a determination that the directors are independent. On the basis of such review and its understanding
of such relationships and transactions, our board affirmatively determined that Bertrand Velge, Justin Schreiber and Robert Fagenson
are qualified as independent and that they have no material relationship with us that might interfere with his or her exercise
of independent judgment. 

   

 Board Committees; Audit Committee Financial
Expert; Stockholder Nominations 

   

 Our
board of directors has established an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee.
Each committee has its own charter, which is available on our website at  www.quantumcomputing.com.  Each of the
board committees has the composition and responsibilities described below . 

   

 

 
     27 
       
     

   

 Members will serve on these committees
until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our Board of Directors. 

   

 Bertrand Velge, Justin Schreiber and Robert
Fagenson are our independent directors. 

   

 The members of each committee are, as follows: 

   

 Audit Committee: Bertrand Velge, Justin
Schreiber and Robert Fagenson with Mr. Fagenson serving as the Chairman. Our Board has determined the Mr. Fagenson is currently
qualified as an “audit committee financial expert”, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. 

   

 Compensation Committee: Bertrand Velge,
Justin Schreiber and Robert Fagenson. Mr. Schreiber serves as Compensation Committee Chairman. 

   

 Nominating and Governance Committee: Bertrand
Velge, Justin Schreiber and Robert Fagenson. Mr. Velge serves as Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee. 

   

 Audit Committee 

   

 The Audit Committee oversees our accounting
and financial reporting processes and oversee the audit of our consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting. The specific functions of this Committee include, but are not limited to: 

   

 
 
       
     ● 
     selecting and recommending to our board of directors the appointment of an independent registered public accounting firm and overseeing the engagement of such firm; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     approving the fees to be paid to the independent registered public accounting firm; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     helping to ensure the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     overseeing the integrity of our financial statements; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     preparing an audit committee report as required by the SEC to be included in our annual proxy statement; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     resolving any disagreements between management and the auditors regarding financial reporting; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     reviewing with management and the independent auditors any correspondence with regulators and any published reports that raise material issues regarding the Company’s accounting policies; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; and 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     overseeing compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. 
 
   

 Compensation Committee 

   

 Our Compensation Committee assists the
board of directors in the discharge of its responsibilities relating to the compensation of the board of directors and our executive
officers. 

   

 The Committee’s compensation-related
responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 

   

 
 
       
     ● 
     reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives with respect to compensation for our Chief Executive Officer; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     reviewing, approving and recommending to our board of directors on an annual basis the evaluation process and compensation structure for our other executive officers; 
 
   

 

 
     28 
       
     

 

   

 
 
       
     ● 
     determining the need for and the appropriateness of employment agreements and change in control agreements for each of our executive officers and any other officers recommended by the Chief Executive Officer or board of directors; 
 
       
     
     
 
       
     ● 
     providing oversight of management’s decisions concerning the performance and compensation of other company officers, employees, consultants and advisors; 
 
       
     
     
 
       
     ● 
     reviewing our incentive compensation and other equity-based plans and recommending changes in such plans to our board of directors as needed, and exercising all the authority of our board of directors with respect to the administration of such plans; 
 
       
     
     
 
       
     ● 
     reviewing and recommending to our board of directors the compensation of independent directors, including incentive and equity-based compensation; and 
 
       
     
     
 
       
     ● 
     selecting, retaining and terminating such compensation consultants, outside counsel or other advisors as it deems necessary or appropriate. 
 
   

 Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee 

   

 The purpose of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee is to recommend to the board nominees for election as directors and persons to be elected to fill any vacancies
on the board, develop and recommend a set of corporate governance principles and oversee the performance of the board. 

   

 The Committee’s responsibilities
include: 

   

 
 ● recommending
to the board of directors nominees for election as directors at any meeting of stockholders and nominees to fill vacancies on
the board; 
 

   

 

 
 ● considering
candidates proposed by stockholders in accordance with the requirements in the Committee charter; 
 

   

 

 
 ● overseeing
the administration of the Company’s code of business conduct and ethics; 
 

   

 

 
 ● reviewing
with the entire board of directors, on an annual basis, the requisite skills and criteria for board candidates and the composition
of the board as a whole; 
 

   

 

 
 ● the
authority to retain search firms to assist in identifying board candidates, approve the terms of the search firm’s engagement,
and cause the Company to pay the engaged search firm’s engagement fee; 
 

   

 

 
 ● recommending
to the board of directors on an annual basis the directors to be appointed to each committee of the board of directors; 
 

   

 

 
 ● overseeing
an annual self-evaluation of the board of directors and its committees to determine whether it and its committees are functioning
effectively; and 
 

   

 

 
 ● developing
and recommending to the board a set of corporate governance guidelines applicable to the Company. 
 


   

 The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee may delegate any of its responsibilities to subcommittees as it deems appropriate. The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee is authorized to retain independent legal and other advisors, and conduct or authorize investigations into any matter
within the scope of its duties. 

   

 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

   

 We have adopted a code of business conduct
and ethics applicable to our principal executive, financial and accounting officers and all persons performing similar functions.
A copy of that code is available on our corporate website at  www.quantumcomputing.com . We expect that any amendments
to such code, or any waivers of its requirements, will be disclosed on our website. 

   

 

 
     29 
       
     

   

 Disclosure of Commission Position on
Indemnification of Securities Act Liabilities 

   

 Our directors and officers are indemnified
as provided by the Delaware corporate law and our bylaws. We have agreed to indemnify each of our directors and certain officers
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions described
above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities
(other than our payment of expenses incurred or paid by our director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of
any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being
registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court
of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 

   

 We have been advised that in the opinion
of the SEC indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities is asserted by one
of our directors, officers, or controlling persons in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion
of our legal counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit the question of whether such indemnification
is against public policy to a court of appropriate jurisdiction. We will then be governed by the court’s decision. 

    

 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings. 

   

 Our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Robert
Liscouski, was President of Implant Sciences Corporation, which filed a petition for bankruptcy on October 11, 2016 in the Delaware
Bankruptcy Court. 

   

 With the exception
of the foregoing, to the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

   

 
 
       
     ● 
     been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 
 
   

 

 
     30 
       
     

   

 Except as set forth in our discussion below
in “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,” none of our directors or executive officers has been involved
in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission. 

     

 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

   

 Summary Compensation Table 

   

 The following summary compensation table
sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by us during the years ended December
31, 2020 and 2019. 

   

 2020 EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION TABLE 

   

 
 
     Name and Principal Position   
     Year     
     Salary ($)     
     Bonus ($)     
     Stock Awards ($)     
     Option Awards ($)     
     Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($)     
     Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)     
     All Other Compensation ($)     
     Total ($)   
 
     Robert Liscouski   
       2020     
       360,000     
       40,000     
       1,264,000     
       75,000     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       1,739,000   
 
     Chief Executive   
       2019     
       360,000     
       0     
             
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       360,000   
 
     Officer (PEO)   
             
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Christopher Roberts   
       2020     
       202,750     
             
       1,264,000     
       45,000     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       1,511,750   
 
     Treasurer (PFO)   
       2019     
       175,237     
       0     
             
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       175,237   
 
         
             
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 



   

 Employment Agreements and Change-in-Control Provisions 

   

 Executive Employment Agreements 

   

 Mr. Liscouski Employment Agreement 

   

 We entered into an employment agreement
with Robert Liscouski, our Chief Executive Officer, on February 15, 2018 (the “Liscouski Employment Agreement”). The
agreement is for an indefinite term, subject to periodic review by the Board of Directors, stipulates a base salary (the “Base
Salary”) of $360,000 per year. For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019 and for subsequent fiscal years, the Liscouski
Employment Agreement allows for an annual incentive bonus in the amount up to $150,000 per year, subject to Mr. Liscouski achieving
certain performance based milestones that are established by the Board of Directors. In connection with the Liscouski Employment
Agreement, Mr. Liscouski was issued 100,000 restricted shares of the Company’s common stock in 2018. 

   

 As a full-time employee of the Company,
Mr. Liscouski will be eligible to participate in the Company’s benefit programs. 

   

 

 
     31 
       
     

   

 Mr. Liscouski’s employment may be
terminated by the Company with or without “Cause”. “Cause” shall mean (i) conviction or entry of nolo contendere
to any felony or a crime involving moral turpitude, fraud or embezzlement of Company property; (ii) dishonesty, gross negligence
or gross misconduct that is materially injurious to the Company or material failure to perform her/his duties under this Agreement
which has not been cured by Mr. Liscouski within 10 days after he shall have received written notice from the Company stating with
reasonable specificity the nature of such failure to perform; and (iii) illegal use or use of drugs, alcohol, or other related
substances that is materially injurious to the Company. If the Company terminates Mr. Liscouski’s employment without “Cause”
the Company will continue payment of Mr. Liscouski’s Base Salary for an additional twelve (12) months from the date Mr. Liscouski
is terminated. 

    

 Severance Arrangements 

   

 Robert Liscouski is entitled to receive
a severance payment, upon the execution of a release in favor of the Company, if terminated by us without cause. The severance
benefits would include a payment in an amount equal to one year of such executive officer’s annualized base salary compensation
plus accrued paid time off. Additionally, the he would also be entitled to receive medical and dental insurance coverage for one
year following the date of termination. 

    

 Mr. Roberts Consulting Agreement 

   

 We entered into a consulting agreement
with Christopher Roberts, our Chief Financial Officer, on March 1, 2018 (the “Roberts Agreement”) whereby Mr. Roberts
is to provide the Company with financial and accounting and business strategy services. Mr. Roberts is to be paid $150.00 on an
hourly basis. In connection with the Roberts Agreement, Mr. Roberts was issued 300,000 restricted shares of the Company’s
common stock. 

   

 The Roberts Agreement may be terminated
by either party at will, for any reason or no reason, upon fourteen (14) days prior written notice. 

   

 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
Year End 

   

 The following table sets forth information
regarding equity awards held by the Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2020: 

   

 
 
         
     Option Awards(1)   
     Stock Awards   
 
     Name   
     Number of  
Securities  
Underlying  
Unexercised  
Options,  
Exercisable  
(#)     
     Number of  
Securities  
Underlying  
Unexercised  
Options, Not  
Exercisable  
(#)     
     Option  Exercise  
Price 
 ($)     
     Option  Expiration  
Date   
     Number of  
Shares or  
Units of  
Stock That  
Have Not  
Vested  
(#)     
     Market  
Value of  
Shares or  
Units of  
Stock That  
Have Not  
Vested  
($)   
 
     Robert Liscouski   
                -     
       75,000     
       1.00     
     May 1 2025   
       400,000     
       5,644,000   
 
     Christopher Roberts   
             
       45,000     
       1.00     
     May 1, 2025   
       400,000     
       5,644,000   
 

   

 Director Compensation   

   

 The Company’s directors did
not receive compensation for their services as directors in fiscal year 2020. Beginning in 2021, Directors will receive cash compensation
of $5,000 per quarter for their service. 

   

 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

   

 The following table sets forth certain
information as of March 17, 2021 concerning the beneficial ownership of common stock for: (i) each director and director nominee,
(ii) each Named Executive Officer in the Summary Compensation Table under “Executive Compensation” above, (iii) all
executive officers and directors as a group, and (iv) each person (including any “group” as that term is used in Section
13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) known by us to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our common stock. The address for each of
the persons below who are beneficial owners of 5% or more of our common stock is our corporate address at 215 Depot Court SE #215,
Leesburg, VA 20175.  

   

 Beneficial ownership has been determined
in accordance with the rules of the SEC and is calculated based on 28,667,925 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding
as of March 17, 2021. Shares of common stock subject to options, warrants, preferred stock or other securities convertible into
common stock that are currently exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of March 17, 2021, are
deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding the option, warrant, preferred stock, or convertible security
but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. 

   

 

 
     32 
       
     

   

 Except as indicated by the footnotes below,
we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and
investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially own. 

    

 The following table sets forth, as of March
15, 2021, the number of shares of common stock owned of record and beneficially by our executive officers, directors and persons
who hold 5% or more of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. 

   

 The amounts and percentages of our common
stock beneficially owned are reported on the basis of SEC rules governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities.
Under the SEC rules, a person is deemed to be a “beneficial owner” of a security if that person has or shares “voting
power,” which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or “investment power,” which
includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner
of any securities of which that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days through the exercise of any
stock option, warrant or other right. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities
and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which such person has no economic interest. Unless otherwise
indicated, each of the shareholders named in the table below, or his or her family members, has sole voting and investment power
with respect to such shares of our common stock. Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each of the shareholders listed
below is: c/o Quantum Computing Inc., 215 Depot Court SE #215, Leesburg, VA 20175. 

   

 Applicable percentage ownership is based
on 28,667,925 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 15, 2021. In computing the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we deemed to be outstanding all shares of Common Stock as held by
that person or entity that are currently exercisable or that will become exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2021. 

   

 
 
     Name and Address of Beneficial Owner   
     Common Stock Owned Beneficially     
     Percent of Class   
 
     Named Executive Officers and Directors   
           
         
 
     Robert Liscouski, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (1)   
       1,012,500     
       3.53   
 
     Christopher Roberts, Chief Financial Officer (2)   
       725,000     
       2.53   
 
     Bertrand Velge (3)   
       2,167,888     
       7.56   
 
     Justin Schreiber (4)   
       1,250,000     
       4.36   
 
     Robert Fagenson (5)   
       100,000     
       0.35   
 
     All directors and officers as a group (5 persons)   
       5,255,388     
       18.33   
 
     5% or greater shareholders   
             
           
 
     None   
             
           
 
         
             
           
 
     Total   
       5,255,388     
       18.33   
 

   

 
 
     * 
     Less than 1% 
 
   

 
 
     (1) 
     Includes 1,012,500 shares of common stock. 
 
   

 
 
     (2) 
     Includes 725,000 shares of common stock. 
 
   

 
 (3) Includes
2,167,888 shares of common stock. 
 


   

 
 (4) Mr.
Schreiber has voting and investment control of the following shares: 1,250,000 shares of common stock held by JOJ Holdings, LLC.
Mr. Schreiber is the President of JOJ Holdings, LLC and is the beneficial owner of these securities. 
 


   

 
 (5) Includes
options for 100,000 shares of common stock. 
 


   

 

 
     33 
       
     

   

 Changes in Control 

   

 We are not aware of any arrangements that
may result in “changes in control” as that term is defined by the provisions of Item 403(c) of Regulation S-K.  

   

 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

   

 On February 19,
2019, the Board of Directors adopted the 2019 Quantum Computing Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) which provides
for the issuance of up to 1,500,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, The principal purpose of the Plan is to provide
an incentive to designated employees, certain consultants and advisors who perform services for us and non-employee directors to
contribute to our growth by continuing to align the interests of participants with the interests of our stockholders. The Plan
was approved by a majority of the shareholders in September 2019. 

   

 The table below sets forth certain information as of our fiscal
year ended December 31, 2020 regarding the shares of our common stock available for grant or granted under our equity compensation
plan. 

   

 
 
     Plan Category   
     Number of  
securities to  
be issued upon  exercise of  
outstanding  options     
     Weighted-average  
exercise price of  
outstanding  options     
     Number of securities  available for  future  
issuance  
under equity  
compensation  
plans   
 
     Equity compensation plan approved by security holders - 2019 Quantum Computing Inc. Equity Incentive Plan   
       1,500,000     
     $ 1.62     
             -   
 
     Equity compensation not approved by shareholders (1)   
       888,640     
     $ 2.28     
           
 


   

 
 1) In addition to the stock options issued pursuant to
the Plan, the Company has issued 1,722,240 non-qualified stock options to employees and advisors outside of the Plan with a weighted
average price of $5.98. The total number of stock options issued and outstanding as of March 17, 2021 is 3,221,240. 
 

   

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS; AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

   

 The following is a summary of transactions
since January 1, 2018 to which we have been or will be a party in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed $ (one percent
of the average of our total assets at year-end for our last two completed fiscal years) and in which any of our directors, executive
officers or beneficial holders of more than 5% of any class of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person
sharing a household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than compensation
arrangements that are described under the section captioned “Executive compensation.” 

   

 Other than as disclosed below, there have
been no transactions involving the Company since the beginning of the last fiscal year, or any currently proposed transactions,
in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds $120,000 or one percent of the average of the
Company’s total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have
a direct or indirect material interest. 

   

 To finance the acquisition of the control
block of shares in IBGH, an investor group (the “Initial Investors.”), loaned Convergent Risk Group, LLC (Convergent)
$275,000, in exchange for Promissory Notes from Convergent (the “Promissory Notes”) in the total amount of $275,000.
Convergent, a Virginia limited liability company, is owned 100% by Mr. Robert Liscouski, who is the CEO and currently the majority
shareholder of the Company. To induce Mr. Liscouski to serve as CEO of the Company, the Company assumed the “Promissory Notes”
in the total amount of $275,000 and certain liabilities (the “Liabilities”). The Liabilities and the Promissory Notes
are collectively the “Convergent Liabilities.” The Convergent Liabilities assumed by the Company were exchanged for
Convertible Promissory Notes issued by the Company for $275,000 (the same amount that Convergent had issued them for). The Convertible
Promissory Notes were convertible into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.10 per share. As of December 31,
2020 all of the Convertible Promissory Notes had been converted to common stock. 

   

 
     34 
       
     

   

 To provide the Company with advertising and marketing services,
the Company contracted with JLS Ventures LLC (“JLS”), an entity wholly owned by Justin Schreiber, a member of the Company’s
board of directors, to procure and manage advertising services. The agreement with JLS is for a period of one year and is terminable
upon thirty days’ notice. During the year ending December 31, 2021, the Company reimbursed JLS $140,698 for costs associated
with advertisement procurement. 

   

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
SERVICES 

   

 BF Borgers CPA PC served as our independent
registered public accountants for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020. 

   

 Audit Fees 

   

 For the Company’s fiscal years ended
December 31, 2020 and 2019, we were billed approximately $43,200 and $57,100, respectively, for professional services rendered
by our independent auditors for the audit and review of our financial statements. 

   

 Tax Fees 

   

 For the Company’s fiscal years ended
December 31, 2020 and 2019, there were no fees for professional services rendered by our independent auditors for tax compliance,
tax advice, and tax planning. 

   

 All Other Fees 

   

 For the Company’s fiscal years ended
December 31, 2020 and 2019, we were billed approximately $5,400 and $20,000, respectively, for professional services rendered by
our independent auditors related to the Registration Statement on Form 10-12(g) and amendments thereto filed with the SEC in those
years.  

   

 Pre-Approval Policies 

   

 All
of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the entire Board. No services were performed before or without approval.   

 

   

 

 
     35 
       
     

 

   

 PART IV 

   

 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

   

 
 
     Exhibit 
       
       
       
     Reference 
       
     Filed
    or Furnished 
 
     Number 
       
     Exhibit Description 
       
     Form 
       
     Exhibit 
       
     Filing Date 
       
     Herewith 
 
     3.1(i) 
       
     Articles
    of Incorporation, as amended through April 17, 2018 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
     3.1(i) 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     3.2(i) 
       
     By-laws 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
     3.2(i) 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     4.1 
       
     Common
    Stock Specimen 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
      4.1 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     4.2 
       
     Form
    of 8% Convertible Promissory Note 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
      4.2 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     4.3 
       
     Form
    of Promissory Note, dated October 14, 2019 and effective October 16, 2019 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.2 
       
     10/18/2019 
       
       
 
     4.4 
       
     Description of Securities 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
 
     10.1* 
       
     Robert
    Liscouski Employment Agreement dated February 15, 2018 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
      10.1 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     10.2* 
       
     Christopher
    Roberts Employment Agreement dated March 1, 2018 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
      10.2 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     10.3* 
       
     Sergey Shuster Employment Agreement dated February 28, 2018 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
      10.3 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     10.4* 
       
     Richard Malinowski Employment Agreement dated July 23, 2018 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
      10.4 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     10.5 
       
     Form Subscription Agreement 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
      10.6 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     10.6 
       
     Form Subscription Agreement 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
      10.7 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     10.7 
       
     Form Subscription Agreement 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
      10.8 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     10.8 
       
     2019
    Quantum Computing Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan 
       
     S-1/A  
       
      10.8 
       
     11/22/2019 
       
       
 
     10.9 
       
     Securities
    Purchase Agreement, dated October 14, 2019 and effective October 16, 2019 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     10/18/2019  
       
       
 
     10.10 
       
     Form
    of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated October 14, 2019 and effective October 16, 2019 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.3 
       
     10/18/2019  
       
       
 
     10.11 
       
     Form
    of Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 14, 2019 and effective October 16, 2019 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.4 
       
     10/18/2019  
       
       
 
     10.12 
       
     Securities Purchase Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     05/08/2020 
       
       
 
     10.13 
       
     Convertible Promissory Note 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.2 
       
     05/08/2020 
       
       
 
     10.14 
       
     Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.3 
       
     05/08/2020 
       
       
 
     10.15 
       
     Equity Purchase Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.4 
       
     05/08/2020 
       
       
 
     10.16 
       
     Registration Rights Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.5 
       
     05/08/2020 
       
       
 
     10.17 
       
     Paycheck Protection Program Note, dated May 6, 2020, issued to BB&T/Truist Bank N.A. 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     05/08/2020 
       
       
 
     10.18 
       
     Amendment
    No. 1 to Warrant Agreement, dated February 14, 2020 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     02/25/2020 
       
       
 
     10.19 
       
     Form Subscription Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     08/03/2020 
       
       
 
     10.20 
       
     Form Warrant 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.2 
       
     08/03/2020 
       
       
 
     10.21 
       
     Form Stock Purchase Agreement 
       
     10-Q 
       
     10.3 
       
     11/13/2020 
       
       
 
     10.22 
       
     Form Warrant 
       
     10-Q 
       
     10.4 
       
     11/13/2020 
       
       
 
     10.23 
       
     Form Subscription Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     12/08/2020 
       
       
 
     10.24 
       
     Form Director Agreement 
       
     8-K 
       
     10.1 
       
     02/23/2021 
       
       
 
     21.1 
       
     List of Subsidiaries 
       
     
       
       
       
     
       
     X 
 
     31.1 
       
     Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X  
 
     31.2 
       
     Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
 
     32.1** 
       
     Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.** 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X 
 
     32.2 
       
     Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.** 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X 
 
     101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X 
 
     101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Linkbase Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X 
 
     101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X 
 
     101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X 
 
     101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X 
 
     101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      X 
 
   

 
 
       
     * 
     Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
   

 

 
     36 
       
     

 

   

 SIGNATURES 

   

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

   

 
 
     Date: March 18, 2021 
     Quantum Computing Inc. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     By: 
     /s/ Robert Liscouski 
 
       
       
     Robert Liscouski 
 
       
       
     Chief Executive Officer 
 
   

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity
and on the dates indicated. 

   

 
 
     Name 
       
     Capacity 
       
     Date 
 
     /s/ Robert Liscouski 
       
     Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer 
       
     March 18, 2021 
 
     Robert Liscouski 
       
     (Principal Executive Officer) 
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Christopher Roberts 
       
     Chief Financial Officer 
       
     March 18, 2021 
 
     Christopher Roberts 
       
     (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Justin Schreiber 
       
     Directors 
       
     March 18, 2021 
 
     Justin Schreiber 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Bertrand Velge 
       
     Director 
       
     March 18, 2021 
 
     Bertrand Velge 
       
       
       
       
 
   

 
 
     /s/ Robert Fagenson 
       
     Director 
       
     March 18, 2021 
 
     Robert Fagenson 
       
       
       
       
 
   

 

 
     37 
       
     

   
 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

   

 AUDITED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

   

 December
31, 2020 and 2019 

   


 
       
       
     


   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Index
to the Financial Statements 

 (Audited) 

   

 
 
     Description 
       
     Page 
 
     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
       
     F-2 
 
     Audited Balance Sheets as of
    December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 
       
     F-3 
 
     Audited Statement of Operations
    for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 
       
     F-4 
 
     Audited Statement of Stockholders’
    Deficit for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2019 
       
     F-5 
 
     Audited Statement of Stockholders’
    Deficit for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2020 
       
     F-6 
 
     Audited Statement of Cash Flows
    for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 
       
     F-7 
 
     Notes to the Audited Financial
    Statements 
       
     F-8 
 
   

 

 
     F- 1 
       
     

   

 Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

   

 To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Quantum Computing, Inc. 

   

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

   

 We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of Quantum Computing, Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the related statements of operations,
stockholders’ equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
“financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

   

 Basis for Opinion 

   

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

   

 We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

   

 Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

   

 /s/ BF Borgers CPA PC 

   

 BF Borgers CPA PC 

   

 We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2019 

 Lakewood, CO 

 March 17, 2021 
   

 

 
     F- 2 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

   

 Balance
Sheets 

 (Audited) 

   

 
 
         
     December 31,     
     December 31   
 
         
     2020     
     2019   
 
     ASSETS   
           
         
 
         
           
         
 
     Current assets   
           
         
 
     Cash
    and cash equivalents   
     $ 15,196,322     
     $ 101,100   
 
     Prepaid
    Expenses   
       40,773     
       21,549   
 
     Lease
    right-of-use   
       -     
       -   
 
     Fixed
    Assets (net of depreciation)   
       30,956     
       25,596   
 
     Total
    assets   
     $ 15,268,051     
     $ 148,245   
 
         
             
           
 
     LIABILITIES
    AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT)   
             
           
 
         
             
           
 
     Current liabilities   
             
           
 
     Accounts
    payable   
     $ 366,706     
     $ 218,261   
 
     Accrued
    Expenses   
       108,130     
       152,547   
 
     Lease
    Liability   
       -     
       -   
 
     Derivative
    Liability   
       -     
       980,730   
 
     Loans
    Payable   
       218,371     
       -   
 
     Convertible
    promissory notes – related party   
       -     
       100,000   
 
     Convertible
    promissory notes   
       -     
       1,509,000   
 
     Total
    liabilities   
       693,207     
       2,960,538   
 
         
             
           
 
     Stockholders’
    equity (deficit)   
             
           
 
     Common
    stock, $0.0001 par value, 250,000,000 shares authorized; 27,966,096 and 7,362,046 shares issued and outstanding as of December
    31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively   
       2,797     
       736   
 
     Additional
    paid-in capital   
       47,744,803     
       17,002,297   
 
     APIC-Beneficial
    Conversion Feature in Equity   
       4,898,835     
       4,798,835   
 
     APIC-Stock
    Based Compensation   
       15,423,644     
       4,246,794   
 
     Subscription
    Receivable   
       -     
       (100,000 ) 
 
     Accumulated
    deficit   
       (53,495,235 )   
       (28,760,955 ) 
 
     Total
    stockholders’ equity (deficit)   
       14,574,844     
       (2,812,293 ) 
 
     Total
    liabilities and stockholders’ equity (deficit)   
     $ 15,268,051     
     $ 148,245   
 



   

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

   

 

 
     F- 3 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

   

 Statement
of Operations 

 (Audited) 

   

 
 
         
     Twelve
    Months Ended   
 
         
     December 31,   
 
         
     2020     
     2019   
 
     Total
    revenue   
     $ -     
     $ -   
 
     Cost of revenue   
       -     
       -   
 
     Gross profit   
       -     
       -   
 
     Salaries   
       642,676     
       495,143   
 
     Consulting   
       1,683,412     
       361,102   
 
     Research
    & Development   
       1,539,517     
       891,126   
 
     Stock
    Based Compensation   
       11,177,111     
       214,884   
 
     Related
    Party Marketing   
       140,698     
       -   
 
     Selling
    General & Administrative -Other   
       2,159,593     
       585,397   
 
     Operating
    expenses   
       17,343,007     
       2,547,652   
 
         
             
           
 
     Loss from Operations   
       (17,343,007 )   
       (2,547,652 ) 
 
         
             
       -   
 
     Other Income and Expense   
             
           
 
     Interest
    Income – Money Market   
       27     
       8,810   
 
     Misc.
    Income – Legal Settlements   
       425,000     
       -   
 
     Misc.
    Income – Government Grants   
       17,500     
       -   
 
     Interest
    Expense – Promissory Notes   
       (226,699 )   
       (151,185 ) 
 
     Interest
    Expense - Beneficial Conversion Feature   
       (100,000 )   
       (803,335 ) 
 
     Interest
    Expense –Warrants   
       (2,806,219 )   
       (3,906,996 ) 
 
     Interest
    Expense – Derivatives mark to market   
       980,730     
       (980,730 ) 
 
     Interest
    Expense – Financing expenses   
       (5,681,612 )   
       -   
 
     Net Other income (expense)   
       (7,391,273 )   
       (5,833,436 ) 
 
         
             
           
 
     Federal
    income tax expense   
       -     
       -   
 
         
             
           
 
     Net
    loss   
     $ (24,734,280 )   
     $ (8,381,088 ) 
 
         
             
           
 
     Weighted average
    shares - basic and diluted   
       27,966,096     
       7,362,046   
 
     Loss
    per share - basic and diluted   
     $ (0.88 )   
     $ (1.14 ) 
 

   

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 4 
       
     


   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Statement
of Stockholders’ Deficit 

 For
the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2019 

 (Audited) 

   

 
 
         
     Common
    Stock     
     Additional
    Paid     
     Accumulated     
         
 
         
     Shares     
     Amount     
     in
    Capital     
     Deficit     
     Total   
 
         
           
           
           
           
         
 
     BALANCES,
    December 31, 2018   
       4,724,161     
     $ 472     
     $ 18,862,449     
     $ (20,379,867 )   
     $ (1,516,946 ) 
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Issuance of shares
    for cash   
       2,529,525     
       253     
       2,160,273     
       -     
       2,160,526   
 
     Beneficial
    Conversion Feature   
             
             
       803,335     
             
       803,335   
 
     Subscription
    Receivable   
             
             
       -     
       -     
       -   
 
     Derivatives
    & Warrants   
             
             
       3,906,996     
       -     
       3,906,996   
 
     Stock
    based compensation   
       108,360     
       11     
       214,873     
       -     
       214,884   
 
     Net
    loss   
       -     
       -     
       -     
       (8,381,088 )   
       (8,381,088 ) 
 
     BALANCES,
    December 31, 2019   
       7,362,046     
     $ 736     
     $ 25,947,926     
     $ (28,760,955 )   
     $ (2,812,293 ) 
 

   

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 5 
       
     


   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Statement
of Stockholders’ Deficit 

 For
the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2020 

 (Audited) 

    

 
 
         
     Common
    Stock     
     Additional
    Paid     
     Accumulated     
         
 
         
     Shares     
     Amount     
     in
    Capital     
     Deficit     
     Total   
 
         
           
           
           
           
         
 
     BALANCES,
    December 31, 2019   
       7,362,046     
     $ 736     
     $ 25,947,926     
     $ (28,760,955 )   
     $ (2,812,293 ) 
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Issuance of shares
    for cash   
       12,492,318     
       1,249     
       20,754,091     
       -     
       20,755,340   
 
     Issuance
    of shares for debt conversion   
       4,429,054     
       443     
       1,952,131     
             
       1,952,574   
 
     Issuance of shares
    for services   
       1,067,678     
       107     
       5,230,066     
       -     
       5,230,173   
 
     Beneficial
    Conversion Feature   
       -     
       -     
       100,000     
       -     
       100,000   
 
     Subscription
    Receivable   
       -     
       -     
       100,000     
       -     
       100,000   
 
     Derivatives
    & Warrants   
       -     
       -     
       2,806,219     
       -     
       2,806,219   
 
     Stock
    Options   
             
             
       1,300,168     
       -     
       1,300,168   
 
     Stock
    based compensation   
       2,615,000     
       262     
       9,876,681     
       -     
       9,876,943   
 
     Net
    loss   
       -     
       -     
       -     
       (24,734,280 )   
       (24,734,280   
 
     BALANCES,
    December 31, 2020   
     27,966,096     
     $ 2,797     
     $ 68,067,282     
     $ (53,495,235 )   
     $ (14,574,844 ) 
 

   

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 6 
       
     


   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

   

 Statement
of Cash Flows 

 For
the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 

 (Audited) 

   

 
 
         
     Twelve
    Months Ended   
 
         
     December
    31,   
 
         
     2020     
     2019   
 
     CASH
    FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES   
           
         
 
     Net
    loss   
     $ (24,734,281 )   
     $ (8,381,088 ) 
 
     Adjustments
    to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash   
             
           
 
     Prepaid
    Expenses   
       (19,224 )   
       1,630   
 
     Depreciation   
       6,613     
       2,640   
 
     Accounts
    Payable   
       148,445     
       164,243   
 
     Accrued
    Expenses   
       (44,416 )   
       62,963   
 
     Derivative
    Mark to Market   
       (980,730 )   
       980,730   
 
     Stock
    Based Compensation   
       11,176,850     
       214,874   
 
     Warrant
    Expense   
       2,806,219     
       3,906,996   
 
     Beneficial
    Conversion Feature   
       100,000     
       803,335   
 
     CASH
    USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES   
       (11,540,524 )   
       (2,243,677 ) 
 
         
             
           
 
       CASH FLOWS
    FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES   
             
           
 
             Fixed
    Assets – Computer Software and Equipment   
       (11,973 )   
       (21,339 ) 
 
     CASH
    USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES   
       (11,973 )   
       (21,339 ) 
 
         
             
           
 
     CASH
    FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES   
             
           
 
         
             
           
 
     Issuance
    (repayment/conversion) of Convertible Promissory Notes   
       (1,609,000 )   
       (1,561,500 ) 
 
     Proceeds
    from loans   
       218,371     
       -   
 
     Subscription
    Receivable   
       100,000     
       -   
 
     Proceeds
    from stock issuance   
       27,938,348     
       2,160,536   
 
     CASH
    PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES   
       26,647,719     
       599,036   
 
         
             
           
 
     Net
    increase (decrease) in cash   
       15,095,222     
       (1,665,980 ) 
 
         
             
           
 
     Cash,
    beginning of period   
       101,100     
       1,767,080   
 
         
             
           
 
     Cash,
    end of period   
     $ 15,196,322,     
     $ 101,100   
 
         
             
           
 
     SUPPLEMENTAL
    DISCLOSURES   
             
           
 
     Cash
    paid for interest   
     $ 1,465,438     
     $ -   
 
     Cash
    paid for income taxes   
     $ -     
     $ -   
 
     NON-CASH
    INVESTING ACTIVITIES   
             
           
 
     Subscription
    receivable created from issuance of note payable   
     $ -     
     $ -   
 
         
             
           
 
     NON-CASH
    FINANCING ACTIVITIES   
             
           
 
     Note
    payable issued in exchange for a Subscription receivable   
       (100,000 )   
       -   
 
     Common
    stock issued for compensation   
       (11,176,850 )   
       (214,874 ) 
 
     Conversion
    of Convertible Promissory Notes to Common Stock   
       (1,672,055 )   
       (2,035,500 ) 
 



   

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

   

 

 
     F- 7 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020 

 (Audited) 

   

 Note
1 –  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: 

   

 Organization: 

   

 Quantum
Computing Inc., formerly known as Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. a Delaware corporation (the “Company”)
was the surviving entity as the result of a merger between Ticketcart, Inc. and Innovative Beverage Group, Inc., both Nevada corporations.
Innovative Beverage Group, Inc. was the surviving entity as the result of a merger between Kat-A-Tonic Distributing, Inc., a Texas
corporation and United European Holdings, Ltd., a Nevada Corporation. 

   

 History 

   

 Quantum
Computing Inc. (“QCI” or the “Company”), was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 25, 2001 as Ticketcart,
Inc. Ticketcart’s original business plan involved in the sale of ink-jet cartridges online. Ticketcart offered remanufactured
and compatible cartridges for Hewlett-Packard, Epson, Lexmark, and Canon inkjet printers. On July 25, 2007, Ticketcart, Inc. acquired
Innovative Beverage Group, Inc. and changed its name to Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. (“IBGH”) to better
reflect its business operations at the time which was beverage distribution and product development. In 2013, IBGH ceased operations.
On May 22, 2017, one of IBGH’s shareholders, William Alessi (the “Plaintiff”), filed suit against the Company
alleging “(1) fraud; and (2) breach of fiduciary duties of care, loyalty and good faith to the Corporation’s shareholders.”  
Mr. Alessi’s complaint alleged that the officers and directors of IBGH had abandoned it and allowed the Company’s
assets to be wasted, causing injury to the Company and its shareholders.   Mr. Alessi sought damages of $30,000 for
each claim, plus reimbursement of filing costs of $1,000, and the appointment of a Receiver for the Company.  

   

 On
August 28, 2017, the North Carolina Court, Superior Court Division (the “North Carolina Court”), entered a default
judgment for Plaintiff and appointed an exclusive Receiver (the “Receiver”) over the Company. The default judgment
provided that Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. was (i) to issue to the Plaintiff 18,500,000 shares of free-trading stock
without registration under Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (ii) issue 100,000,000 shares of stock
to Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc.’s treasury, and (iii) that the receivership be terminated upon any change of
control, and that any and all claims against Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. that were not submitted to the Receiver
as of September 16, 2017, were disallowed. On October 4, 2017 the Receiver filed Articles of Incorporation in North Carolina for
Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, (“IBGH North Carolina”). On October
26, 2017, Innovative Beverage Group, redomiciled to North Carolina. 

   

 On
January 22, 2018, while the Company was in receivership, the Company (acting through the court-appointed receiver in her capacity
as CEO and sole Director of the Company) sold 500,000 shares (the “CRG Shares”) of its common stock to Convergent
Risk Group (“CRG” or “Convergent Risk”), an entity owned and operated by the Company’s Chief Executive
Officer, Robert Liscouski, for $155,000. On February 21, 2018, by written consent of the majority shareholder (Convergent Risk),
Mr. Robert Liscouski (the Chief Executive Officer of Convergent Risk) and Mr. Christopher Roberts were elected as members of the
Company’s Board of Directors. Mr. Liscouski was simultaneously elected as Chairman of the Board. The majority shareholder
also directed the Company to take the necessary action to change its domicile from North Carolina to Delaware and change its name
to Quantum Computing Inc. On February 21, 2018 the Company filed Articles of Conversion in North Carolina to convert the Company
to a Delaware corporation with the name changed to Quantum Computing Inc. On February 22, 2018 the Company filed a Certificate
of Conversion in Delaware to convert to a Delaware corporation with the name changed to Quantum Computing Inc. and re-domiciled
to the state of Delaware on February 23, 2018. 

   

 

 
     F- 8 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020 

 (Audited) 


   


 Business
 

   

 For
the past 45 years or so, silicon-based processor manufacturers have been able to double their processing power every 18 to 24
months, a phenomenon known in the computer industry as “Moore’s Law.” Recently, the computer processor industry
has found it increasingly difficult to offer faster, more powerful processors due to fundamental physical effects limiting further
size reduction of transistors. 

   

 Quantum
computing is believed to be a potential solution to the hard limits now being approached by conventional computers that utilize
silicon-based processors. The date of practical relevance of quantum computers is hard to determine. We believe it could be as
soon as 2021, but a more conservative estimate is that quantum computers with gradually increasing performance will be introduced
by multiple vendors over the course of the next decade. 

   

 Additionally,
conventional computers are known to struggle with optimization problems known as  NP-complete  problems, which
are a class of mathematical problems that can, in principle, be solved by conventional computers, with that caveat that the time
to solution will grow exponentially with the size of the problem. These NP-complete problems require complex calculations, which
cannot currently be performed in any reasonable amount of time using conventional computer systems for problem sizes relevant
to many industrial and government applications. 

   

 Research
suggests that quantum computers may be ideally suited to run optimization algorithms, where further advancements in quantum annealing
and other quantum computing hardware could result in computational benefit over currently used conventional systems. The ability
to solve NP-complete problems in a reasonable period of time is of particular interest in compute-heavy fields that include, but
are not limited to: big data, artificial intelligence, healthcare, and cybersecurity. We believe these are natural markets for
quantum computing, due to the immense compute power required to process large data sets, which have experienced exponential growth
in size and complexity in recent years. 

   

 Company 

   

 The
Company is focused on providing software tools and applications for quantum computers. We believe there is significant business
opportunity in the quantum computing industry, and that the quantum computer has the potential to disrupt several global industries.
Independent of when quantum computing delivers compelling performance advantage over conventional computing, the software tools
and applications necessary for accelerating real-world problems must be developed to deliver on quantum computing’s full
promise. 

   

 Quantum
computing is a fundamentally new paradigm compared with conventional silicon-based computing, requiring a new and highly technical
set of skills to create the software that will drive quantum results. Organizations seeking to gain advantage from the promise
of quantum technology must acquire and develop skills in quantum mechanics, mathematics and physics, and a deep knowledge of the
ever-changing quantum hardware. The pool of people with those skills today is limited and in high demand. 

   

 In
order to address the steep learning curve and highly particular skillset associated with quantum computing, the Company is developing
“quantum ready” software applications and solutions for commercial and government entities looking to leverage the
expected future performance of quantum computing. We are focused on being an enabler – creating software that provide the
advantages of advanced computing hardware for forward thinking clients. 

   

 By
reducing the barriers to adoption for commercial and government entities in using quantum computing technologies to solve their
most complex problems, we believe our products will accelerate quantum technology adoption similar to the adoption curve that
has been witnessed with artificial intelligence. 	To this end, we are leveraging our collective expertise in finance, computing,
mathematics and physics to develop a suite of applications that may enable global industries to utilize quantum computers, quantum
annealers and digital simulators to improve their processes, profitability, and security. 

   

 

 
     F- 9 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020 

 (Audited) 


   


 Strategy 

   

 While
the majority of the quantum computing market is focused on quantum computing hardware, the Company realized the traditional software
development toolkit (“SDK”) approach to creating quantum computing software is poorly suited for non-quantum experts,
given the completely new programming paradigm. 

   

 This
represents a significant barrier to entry for companies looking to leverage novel quantum computing capabilities for their business
needs. Utilizing quantum computers for real-world problems requires an abstract blend of a wide range of computing and non-computing
expertise, including: 

   

 
 ● Subject
                                         Matter Expertise (SME): As with any problem, the first step is for a business expert
                                         to rigorously define and describe what information and/or results the business requires.                                                                                                 
       
 

 
 ● Programming
                                         Excellence: In the conventional computing world, a programmer will take the problem defined
                                         by a SME (subject matter expert) and implement it using standardized applications to
                                         run on the computer. In quantum computing, programmers are required to explicitly program
                                         it for the quantum computer they have access to, requiring a deep understanding of sophisticated
                                         areas of expertise as described below.                                                                   
       
 

 
 ● Mathematics:
                                         The problems that are attractive for being solved using quantum computers require significant
                                         mathematical expertise to a) optimize the data and problem for quantum computers, b)
                                         create the quantum-specific algorithms and formulas required to solve the problem, c)
                                         iterate upon the results in a way that optimizes the performance, cost and quality of
                                         result. Mathematics is at the core of the many steps involved in quantum computing for
                                         optimizing, compressing and applying algorithms to the data for obtaining truly optimal
                                         results.                                                                       
       
 

 
 ● Quantum
                                         Mechanics: Quantum Computing demands deep knowledge of the principles driving the computing
                                         itself. Unlike conventional computers which utilize 0 or 1 bits, quantum computers utilize
                                         qubits, which leverage concepts of quantum mechanics such as probabilistic computation,
                                         superposition, and entanglement. Experts much understand these concepts to create the
                                         algorithms necessary to solve problems on a quantum computer. They must know how to “map”
                                         problems and their associated data into problems that are optimized in the specific way
                                         required for a quantum computer to accept and process the problem.                                                                                                                                        
       
 

 
 ● Quantum
                                         Hardware Knowledge: QPUs (Quantum Processing Units) require that programmers manage the
                                         configuration, actions, and overall operations of all the underlying circuits utilized
                                         in solving the problem. For example, the programming to configure and access QPUs is
                                         low level and extremely complicated. This coding is proprietary to each vendor’s
                                         QPU idiosyncratic requirements, not to mention, unique to the specific count and version
                                         of QPUs in the system, right now. When the system is expended or a QPU upgraded, all
                                         the code has to be rewritten. 

   

 As
one would expect given the dramatic differences in quantum computer hardware architectures currently under development, quantum
software requires a dramatic shift from classic software. A user would have to literally have to create every single circuit,
gate, algorithm, action and process in low level software. Moreover, the collective requirements imposed upon companies looking
to utilize quantum computers can require a training period of a year or longer, even for a highly qualified subject matter expert.
Consequently, the time, difficult and expense of hiring such a diverse and deeply knowledgeable team to create quantum applications
and workflows limits any organization’s ability to move forward quickly with the power of quantum computing. 

   

 The
Company’s strategic goals are simple. 

   

 
 6) Deliver
                                         production-ready software that de-risks the shift to quantum computing. 
 

   

 
 7) Empower
                                         SMEs and programmers to access the power of quantum computing without the prerequisite
                                         quantum expertise. 

   

 
 8) Eliminate
                                         the vendor lock-in created by the low-level coding required for individual QPUs by allowing
                                         users to freely select the best QPU for their specific problem with no low-level coding
                                         or programming changes. 

   

 
 9) Deliver
                                         the best performance results (speed, quality and diversity) at the lowest cost for our
                                         users. 

   

 
 10) Provide
                                         software and the required hardware in the cloud to make it simple and cost effective
                                         for organizations to begin leveraging quantum computing. 

   

 

 
     F- 10 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020 

 (Audited) 


   


 Products
and Products in Development 

   

 Qatalyst 

   

 Qatalyst
(formerly Mukai) is our answer to the current state of the quantum computing industry. As the industry’s only Quantum Application
Accelerator, Qatalyst enables developers to create and execute quantum-ready applications on conventional computers, while being
ready to run on quantum computers where those systems achieve performance advantage. Qatalyst performs the complex problem transformations
necessary to be executed on a variety of quantum platforms today, and users can call upon the same Qatalyst APIs (Application
Programming Interfaces) to achieve optimization performance advantages on conventional computers using our cloud-based solution. 

   

 Qatalyst
dramatically reduces the time-to-quality results and the associated costs for both conventional and quantum computers. Unlike
more common toolsets that require deep level quantum expertise to build new quantum problems and workflows, Qatalyst is not a
tool kit, but a complete platform. It accelerates performance and results on classic and quantum computers, with no additional
quantum programming or quantum computing expertise required. This is why it is unique in its approach to the quantum computing
industry. Instead of invoking a team of quantum specialists to transform an optimization problem, a subject matter expert (“SME”)
or programmer submits their current problem via a software API to the Qatalyst cloud-based platform. Qatalyst manages the workflow,
optimizations, and results, without any further intervention by the user. Qatalyst provides a unique advantage to reduce applications
development risks and costs by eliminating the need for scarce high-end quantum programmers. 

   

 Qatalyst
is integrated with the Amazon Cloud BRAKET API, offering access to multiple Quantum Processing Units (“QPUs”) including
DWave, Rigetti, and IonQ. Qatalyst also integrates directly with IBM’s QPUs. 

   

 By
using Qatalyst, application developers can run their applications on any or all of the available QPUs by merely selecting which
QPU they prefer to run on based on the desired performance results of the application. This is an enormous advantage over any
other toolkit or platform in the market today. These advantages are significant not just for application developers but for any
company that is considering using or exploring quantum computing technology for business applications. 

   

 Qatalyst
also eliminates the need for the low-level hardware programming expertise required by toolkits. This programming is time consuming
and must be updated constantly as QPUs evolve and change, resulting in significant development costs. Qatalyst automatically optimizes
the same problem submitted by a SME for multiple Quantum and Conventional Processors. The SME or programmer selects one, or many,
processing resources and the problem will be submitted by Qatalyst. This is an enormous advantage over any tool set in the market
today. These advantages are significant not just for application developers but for any company that is considering using or exploring
quantum computing technology for business applications. 

   

 The
Company’s innovative Qatalyst software masks the complexity of quantum programming via the Q API, a powerful six call API
that users can learn in a day. Instead of spending months or years developing new applications and workflows requiring complex
and extremely low-level coding, users, workflows or applications can immediately submit a problem to Qatalyst within a day, using
the same familiar constructs they use right now, via the Q API. Users have utilized Qatalyst’s simple API and familiar constructs
to solve their first complex problem within a week, as compared to the 6-12 months associated with quantum software toolkits. 

   

 Qatalyst
Features 

   

 Today,
SMEs can leverage the power of Qatalyst to solve high-value discrete optimization problems present in finance, bio/pharma, and
cybersecurity. Currently, Qatalyst offers the following features: 

   

 
 ● Quantum-ready
                                         engines tuned for complex computations. These engines automatically optimize, submit,
                                         and iterate to return excellent, diverse results for supply chain and other constrained
                                         optimization problems.                                                                                                                          
       
 

 
 ● Transparent
                                         abstraction from quantum hardware variance. Qatalyst eliminates the need to write low-level,
                                         assembly-type code to support different vendors’ quantum hardware architectures,
                                         such as D-Wave, Rigetti, IBM and ION-Q. The same problem can run seamlessly across all
                                         quantum types and architectures.                                                                                           
       
 

 
 ● Qatalyst
                                         Core: an engine that utilizes sophisticated mathematics, quantum transformation and iterative
                                         processing to find highly optimal answers across both classic and quantum computers.
                                         For example, LaGrange multipliers, which work to compress and simplify the problem prior
                                         to constraint optimization. The Core applies these advanced mathematical techniques,
                                         based on the type of problem and processing required.                                                                 
       
 

 
 ● Q
                                         Graph: a powerful transformation engine that empowers SMEs to submit and analyze graph
                                         models as part of their complex optimizations. Q Graph accepts familiar graph models
                                         and functions including Clique Cover, Community Detection and Partitioning.                             
       
 

 
 ● Qontrol:
                                         a portal that provides administrative management tools for user administration, request
                                         control, statuses and alerts. Qontrol also enables system administrators and users to
                                         import Qatalyst results into popular analysis applications such as Excel or Tableau. 

   

 

 
     F- 11 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020 

 (Audited) 


   

 The
Company’s technical leadership intends to leverage industry expertise and innovative methods to develop quantum computer
application solutions capable of solving increasingly complex problems in a more rapid and thorough manner.  The Company
will initially focus on addressing computational problems in the financial services, and cybersecurity quantum-secure encryption
markets, followed later by addressing problems in the AI and genetics marketplaces.  

   

 The
Company’s fiscal year end is December 31. 

   

 Basis
of Presentation: 

   

 The
accompanying Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2020, which was derived from audited financial statements, and the unaudited interim
financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for interim financial information, the instructions
to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. In the opinion of management, the accompanying audited, financial statements contain
all adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the cash flows
and results of operations for the three and twelve months then ended. Such adjustments consisted only of normal recurring items.
The results of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 are not necessarily indicative of the results for subsequent
periods. 

   

 Accounting
Changes 

   

 Except
for the changes discussed below, Quantum has consistently applied the accounting policies to all periods presented in these unaudited
financial statements. The Company has evaluated all recently implemented accounting standards and concluded that none currently
apply to the Company. 

   

 Use
of Estimates: 

   

 These
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.
Because a precise determination of assets and liabilities, and correspondingly revenues and expenses, depends on future events,
the preparation of financial statements for any period necessarily involves the use of estimates and assumption an example being
assumptions in valuation of stock options. Actual amounts may differ from these estimates. These financial statements have, in
management’s opinion, been properly prepared within reasonable limits of materiality and within the framework of the accounting
policies summarized below. 

   

 Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

   

 The
Company’s policy is to present bank balances under cash and cash equivalents, which at times, may exceed federally insured
limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

   

 Property
and Equipment 

   

 Property
and equipment are stated at cost or contributed value. Depreciation of furniture, software and equipment is calculated using the
straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, and leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over
the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the lease term. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of equipment retired
or sold are removed from the accounts and any differences between the undepreciated amount and the proceeds from the sale are
recorded as a gain or loss on sale of equipment. 

   

 Net
Loss Per Share: 

   

 Net
loss per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares and common shares equivalents outstanding during the period. 

   


 
     F- 12 
       
     


   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020 

 (Audited) 


   

 Note
2 –  Federal Income Taxes: 

   

 The
Company has made no provision for income taxes because there have been no operations to date causing income for financial statements
or tax purposes. 

   

 The
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Number 109 (“SFAS 109”).
“Accounting for Income Taxes”, which requires a change from the deferred method to the asset and liability method
of accounting for income taxes. Under the asset and liability method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences
of “temporary differences” by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of existing assets and liabilities. 

   

 
 
         
     December 31,   
 
         
     2020     
     2019   
 
     Net operating
    loss carry-forwards   
     $ 2,841,745     
     $ 1,294,728   
 
     Valuation
    allowance   
       (2,841,745 )   
       (1,294,728 ) 
 
     Net
    deferred tax assets   
     $ -     
     $ -   
 

   

 At
December 31, 2020, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $2,841,745. 

   

 The
Company experienced a change in control during the 2018, 2019 and 2020 calendar years and therefore no more than an insignificant
portion of this net operating allowance will ever be used against future taxable income. 

   

 In
early 2020, an outbreak of the novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) emerged globally. In March 2020, the World Health Organization
declared the COVID-19 outbreak to be a global pandemic, which continues to spread throughout the United States. Subsequently,
federal, state and local authorities issued mandates for social distancing and working from home to delay the spread of the coronavirus,
resulting in an overall decline in economic activity.  The ultimate impact of COVID-19 on the Company is not reasonably estimable
at this time.  Management is currently evaluating the recent introduction of the COVID-19 virus and the related government
mandates, and their impact on the software industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus and
the associated government mandates restricting activity could have a negative effect on the ability of the Company to meet with
potential customers and to raise additional capital, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial
statements.  The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty,
and the Company has not recorded any reserves relating to potential COVID-19 financial impacts. 

   

 On
March 27, 2020, the United States enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”),
administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration (the “SBA”) as a response to the economic uncertainty resulting
from COVID-19. Congress amended the CARES Act on December 27, 2020. The CARES Act established the Paycheck Protection Program
(the “PPP”) to loan money to small businesses to enable them to continue to meet payroll obligations in the face of
business interruptions and loss of revenue due to COVID-19 related restrictions. The CARES Act also includes modifications for
net operating loss carryovers and carrybacks, limitations of business interest expense deductions, immediate refund of alternative
minimum tax (AMT) credit carryovers as well as a technical correction to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, referred to herein
as the U.S. Tax Act, for qualified improvement property. The CARES Act also provides for deferred payment of the employer portion
of social security taxes through the end of 2020, with 50% of the deferred amount due December 31, 2021 and the remaining 50%
due December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2020, the Company expects that the carryback of NOL’s will not have an impact
on its current tax attributes. 

   

 

 
     F- 13 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020 

 (Audited) 


   


 The
Company elected not to implement the payroll tax deferral program under the CARES Act, but did apply for a PPP loan. On May 6,
2020, the Company executed an unsecured promissory note (the “Note”) with BB&T Bank to evidence a loan to the
Company in the amount of $218,371 under the Paycheck Protection Program (the “PPP”) established under the CARES Act. 

   

 In
accordance with the requirements of the CARES Act, the Company used the proceeds from the loan exclusively for qualified expenses
under the PPP, including payroll costs and employee benefits. Interest will accrue on the outstanding balance of the Note at a
rate of 1.00% per annum. The Company expects to apply for forgiveness of up to the entire amount of the Note. Notwithstanding
the Company’s eligibility to apply for forgiveness, no assurance can be given that the Company will obtain forgiveness of
all or any portion of the amounts due under the Note. The amount of forgiveness under the Note is calculated in accordance
with the requirements of the PPP, including the provisions of Section 1106 of the CARES Act, subject to limitations and ongoing
rule-making by the SBA and the maintenance of employee and compensation levels. 

   

 Subject
to any forgiveness granted under the PPP, the Note is scheduled to mature two years from the date of first disbursement under
the Note. The Note may be prepaid at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. The Note provides for customary
events of default, including, among others, those relating to failure to make payments, bankruptcy, and significant changes in
ownership. The occurrence of an event of default may result in the required immediate repayment of all amounts outstanding and/or
filing suit and obtaining judgment against the Company. The Company’s obligations under the Note are not secured by any
collateral or personal guarantees.  

   

 Note
3 –  Financial Accounting Developments: 

   

 Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

   

 From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB or other standard setting bodies that are adopted by the Company
as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, we believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are
not yet effective will not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations upon adoption. The Company
has evaluated the recently implemented accounting standards and concluded that none currently apply to the Company. 

   


 
     F- 14 
       
     


   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020 

 (Audited) 

   

 Note
4 –  Subscription Receivable 

   

 The
Company assumed a promissory note from one of the Initial Investors to Convergent Risk Group, LLC (see Note 8 – Related
Parties) in the amount of $100,000, which is payable by the Initial Investor on or before December 31, 2020. The promissory note
was issued in payment for a promissory note from Convergent to the Initial Investor, which has also been assumed by the Company
in exchange for a Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of $100,000, convertible to Company common shares at a conversion
price of $0.10 per share. If the promissory note is paid in full on or before December 31, 2020, the Company’s Convertible
Promissory Note will convert and shares will be issued. If the promissory note is not paid in full on or before December 31, 2020,
the Company’s Convertible Promissory Note held by this investor will be cancelled, and no shares will be issued. 

   

 In
2019 the Company engaged the Initial Investor as a consultant to provide advisory services for a one-year period. Upon satisfactory
completion of the agreed services in July 2020, the Company deemed the services to be sufficiently valuable that in lieu of cash
payment of invoice submitted the Company offset the invoice against the balance of the promissory note, which has been deemed
paid in full. The Initial Investor has converted the full $100,000 of its Convertible Promissory Note into 1,000,000 shares of
common stock as of December 31, 2020. 

   

 Note
5 –  Property and Equipment 

   

 
 
         
     December 31,     
     December 31,   
 
     Classification   
     2020     
     2019   
 
     Hardware
    & Equipment   
     $ 40,326     
     $ 28,353   
 
     Software   
       0     
       0   
 
     Total cost of property
    and equipment   
       40,326     
       28,353   
 
     Accumulated
    depreciation   
       9,370     
       2,757   
 
     Property
    and equipment, net   
     $ 30,956     
     $ 25,596   
 

   

 The
Company made Property and Equipment acquisitions of $21,549 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. The Company depreciates
computer equipment over a period of five years. 

   

 Note
6 –  Convertible Promissory Notes and Loans 

   

 In
June 2019, the Company refunded $26,000 to a convertible promissory note investor. The accrued interest on that promissory note
was written off by agreement with the investor. 

   

 In
August 2019 the Company converted $1,994,500 principal amount of Convertible Promissory Notes convertible at $1.00 plus $124,997
of accrued interest into 2,119,525 restricted shares of common stock per the terms of the Convertible Note subscription agreements
the Company entered into in 2018 with 59 accredited investors. Accrued interest on the Notes was rounded up to the next whole
dollar so the Company did not issue fractional shares. Also, in August, the Company converted $21,000 principal amount of Convertible
Promissory Notes (non-interest bearing) convertible at $0.10 into 210,000 shares of common stock 

   

 

 
     F- 15 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020 

 (Audited) 


   


 In
October 2019 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “SPA”), dated October 14, 2019 and effective
October 16, 2019 (the “Issuance Date”), by and between the Company and Auctus Fund, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (“Auctus”), pursuant to which Auctus purchased from the Company, for a purchase price of $500,000 (the “Purchase
Price”): (i) a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of $500,000.00 (the “Auctus Note”); (ii)
a common stock purchase warrant permitting Auctus to purchase up to 500,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, par value
$0.0001 per share (the “Common Stock”), at an exercise price of $2.75 per share (the “First Warrant”);
(iii) a common stock purchase warrant permitting Auctus to purchase up to 350,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock at
an exercise price of $3.75 per share (the “Second Warrant”); and (iv) a common stock purchase warrant permitting Auctus
to purchase up to 275,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock at an exercise price of $4.75 per share (the “Third
Warrant” and together with the First Warrant and the Second Warrant, the “Warrants”, and together with the Note,
the “Securities”). 

   

 The
Auctus Note accrues interest at a rate of ten percent (10%) per annum and matures on October 14, 2020 (the “Maturity Date”).
If the Company prepays the Auctus Note, the Company shall pay all of the principal and interest, together with a prepayment penalty
ranging from 125% to 150% depending upon the date of such prepayment. The Auctus Note contains customary events of default (each
an “Event of Default”). If an Event of Default occurs, all outstanding obligations owing under the Auctus Note will
become immediately due and payable in cash or Common Stock at Auctus’ election. Any outstanding obligations owing under
the Auctus Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty four percent (24%) per annum. 

   

 The
Auctus Note is convertible into shares of the Company’s Common Stock, subject to the adjustments described therein. The
conversion price (the “Conversion Price”) shall equal the lesser of: (i) $1.50, and (ii) 50% multiplied by the lowest
trading price for the Common Stock during the twenty-five (25) trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior
to the conversion date (representing a discount rate of 50%). Notwithstanding anything contained in the Auctus Note to the contrary,
prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Conversion Price shall not be less than $1.50 per share (the “Floor
Price”). The Floor Price is subject to adjustment at the six (6) and nine (9) month anniversary of the Issuance Date. In
the event that the Floor Price as of such dates is less than 70% multiplied by the volume weighted average price (VWAP) of the
Common Stock during the five (5) trading day period immediately prior to such dates, the Floor Price is adjusted to such lesser
amount. 

   

 Under
the terms of the SPA, subject to certain conditions, upon effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-1 (the “Registration
Statement”) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) registering all of the
shares of Common Stock underlying the Auctus Note and the Warrants, Auctus agreed to provide the Company with an additional investment
of up to $1,000,000 through the issuance of an additional note or notes, as applicable (the “Additional Notes” together
with the Note, the “Notes”). 

    

 The
Auctus Notes and Warrants were not registered under the Securities Act, but qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) and/or
Regulation D of the Securities Act. The securities were exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act because
the issuance of such securities by the Company did not involve a “public offering,” as defined in Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act, due to the insubstantial number of persons involved in the transaction, size of the offering, manner of
the offering and number of securities offered. The Company did not undertake an offering in which it sold a high number of securities
to a high number of investors. In addition, the investor had the necessary investment intent as required by Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act since the investor agreed to, and received, the securities bearing a legend stating that such securities are
restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act. This restriction ensures that these securities would not be immediately
redistributed into the market and therefore not be part of a “public offering.” Based on an analysis of the above
factors, the Company has met the requirements to qualify for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

   

 In
connection with the SPA, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the “RRA”) pursuant to which it
committed (i) use its best efforts to file with the Commission the Registration Statement within ninety (90) days of the Issuance
Date; and (ii) have the Registration Statement declared effective by the Commission within one hundred fifty (150) days of the
Issuance Date. The Company filed a Registration Statement with the Commission in November 2019 and it was declared effective in
December 2019, registering 1,625,000 shares. 

   

 In
January 2020 the Auctus Fund LLC exercised its option to convert $21,305 of the principal of its Convertible Note and accrued
interest and fees of $8,695 (a total of $30,000) into 20,000 shares of the Company’s common stock. The principal balance
remaining on the Note following this conversion was $478,695. 

   

 

 
     F- 16 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020 

 (Audited) 


   


 In
February 2020 the Auctus Fund LLC exercised its option to convert $138,998 of the principal of its Convertible Note and accrued
interest and fees of $11,002 (a total of $150,000) into 100,000 shares of the Company’s common stock. The principal balance
remaining on the Note following this conversion was $339,698. 

   

 In
February 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with the Auctus Fund LLC to reduce the exercise price of the $2.75 per share
Warrants to $1.50 per share. No other changes were made to the terms of the Warrants or the Convertible Note held by the Auctus
Fund. In February, the Auctus Fund LLC exercised 167,000 warrants at $1.50 per share, resulting in total proceeds to the Company
of $250,500. 

   

 In
February 2020, the Board authorized a private placement of convertible promissory notes in the aggregate amount up to $5,000,000
at a conversion price of $1.50 per share (the “2020 Convertible Note Offering”).  The Notes accrue interest at
eight percent (8%) per annum and are convertible into common stock of the Company at any time prior to or at the Maturity Date,
twelve months from the Issuance Date.  In connection with the 2020 Convertible Note Offering, the Company has received funds
of $100,000 as of June 30, 2020. The Board closed the 2020 Convertible Note Offering to further investment in June 2020. 

   

 Oasis
Securities Purchase Agreement 

   

 On
May 6, 2020 (the “Issuance Date”), Quantum Computing Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”) entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “SPA”) by and between the Company and Oasis Capital, LLC, a Puerto Rico
limited liability company (“Oasis”), pursuant to which Oasis purchased from the Company, for a purchase price of $500,000
(the “Purchase Price”): (i) a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of $563,055.00 (the “Note”);
and (ii) a common stock purchase warrant (the “Warrant” and together with the Note, the “Securities”)
permitting Oasis to purchase up to 187,685 shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Common
Stock”), at an exercise price of $1.50 per share (the “Exercise Price”). The Company received the Purchase Price
on May 8, 2020. 

   

 The
Note accrues interest at a rate of eight percent (8%) per annum and matures on the nine (9) months anniversary of the Issuance
Date (the “Maturity Date”). In the event that the Company prepays the Note, the Company shall pay all of the principal
and interest, together with a prepayment penalty ranging from 105% to 135% depending upon the date of such prepayment. The Note
contains customary events of default (each an “Event of Default”). If an Event of Default occurs, all outstanding
obligations owing under the Note will become immediately due and payable in cash or Common Stock at Oasis’ election. Any
outstanding obligations owing under the Note which are not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of eighteen percent (18%)
per annum. 

   

 The
Note is convertible into shares of the Company’s Common Stock, subject to the adjustments described therein. The conversion
price (the “Conversion Price”) per share shall be (i) $1.50 during the six month period immediately following the
Issuance Date, and (ii) after the six month period immediately following the Issue Date, the lower of: (a) $1.50, and (b) 70%
multiplied by the lowest volume weighted average price for the Common Stock during the twenty-five (25) trading day period ending
on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date (representing a discount rate of 30%). 

   

 The
Warrant is exercisable for a term of five-years from the date of issuance. The Warrants provide for cashless exercise to the extent
that there is no registration statement available for the underlying shares of Common Stock. Until such time as there no longer
an outstanding balance on the Note, if the Company shall, at any time while the Warrant is outstanding, sell any shares of Common
Stock or securities entitling any person or entity to acquire shares of Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the
Exercise Price (a “Dilutive Issuance”), than the Exercise Price shall be reduced to equal the Base Share Price (as
defined in the Warrant) and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable under the Warrant shall be increased such that the aggregate
exercise price payable under the Warrant, after taking into account the decrease in the exercise price, shall be equal to the
aggregate exercise price prior to such adjustment. 

   

 On
May 7, 2020, in connection with its entry into the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company issued 37,537 Inducement Shares
(as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) to Oasis. 

   

 

 
     F- 17 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020 

 (Audited) 


   


 Oasis
Equity Purchase Agreement 

   

 On
May 6, 2020 (the “Execution Date”), the Company entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (“Equity Purchase
Agreement”) and a Registration Rights Agreement (“Registration Rights Agreement”) with Oasis. Under the terms
of the Equity Purchase Agreement, Oasis agreed to purchase from the Company up to $10,000,000 of the Company’s Common Stock
upon effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-1 (the “Registration Statement”) filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) and subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the Equity
Purchase Agreement. 

   

 Following
effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the Equity Purchase
Agreement, the Company shall have the discretion to deliver put notices to Oasis and Oasis will be obligated to purchase
shares of the Company’s Common Stock based on the investment amount specified in each put notice. The maximum amount that
the Company shall be entitled to put to Oasis in each put notice shall not exceed the lesser of $500,000 or two hundred and fifty
percent (250%) of the average daily trading volume of the Company’s Common Stock during the ten (10) trading days preceding
the put notice. Pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement, Oasis and its affiliates will not be permitted to purchase
and the Company may not put shares of the Company’s Common Stock to Oasis that would result in Oasis’s beneficial
ownership of the Company’s outstanding Common Stock exceeding 9.99%. The price of each put share shall be equal to ninety
percent (90%) of the Market Price (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement). Puts may be delivered by the Company to Oasis until
the earlier of (i) the date on which Oasis has purchased an aggregate of $10,000,000 worth of Common Stock under the terms of
the Equity Purchase Agreement; (ii) April 26, 2023; or (iii) written notice of termination delivered by the Company to Oasis,
subject to certain equity conditions set forth in the Equity Purchase Agreement. 

   

 On
May 7, 2020, in connection with its entry into the Equity Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company
issued 133,334 Commitment Shares (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement) to Oasis. 

   

 The
Registration Rights Agreement provides that the Company shall (i) file with the Commission the Registration Statement by June
1, 2020; and (ii) use its best efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective by the Commission at the earliest
possible date (and in any event, within sixty (60) days of the Execution Date). 

   

 On
May 8, 2020 the Company repaid the outstanding principal balance of the Auctus convertible note, including accrued interest and
prepayment penalty interest, for a total of $462,691. 

   

 In
July 2020 the Company converted $100,000 principal amount of Convertible Promissory Notes convertible at $0.10 into 1,000,000
restricted shares of common stock per the terms of the Convertible Note subscription agreement the Company entered into in 2018
the accredited investor, currently a member of the Company’s Board of Directors. 

   

 In
December 2020, Oasis converted the principal balance of its promissory note plus accrued interest into 596,869 shares of common
stock. 

   

 Paycheck
Protection Program Loan 

   

 On
May 6, 2020, Quantum Computing Inc. (the “Company”) executed an unsecured promissory note (the “Note”)
with BB&T/Truist Bank N.A. to evidence a loan to the Company in the amount of $218,371 under the Paycheck Protection Program
(the “PPP”) established under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”),
administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration (the “SBA”).  

   

 In
accordance with the requirements of the CARES Act, the Company expects to use the proceeds from the loan exclusively for qualified
expenses under the PPP, including payroll costs, mortgage interest, rent and utility costs. Interest will accrue on the outstanding
balance of the Note at a rate of 1.00% per annum. The Company expects to apply for forgiveness of up to the entire amount of the
Note. Notwithstanding the Company’s eligibility to apply for forgiveness, no assurance can be given that the Company will
obtain forgiveness of all or any portion of the amounts due under the Note. The amount of forgiveness under the Note is calculated
in accordance with the requirements of the PPP, including the provisions of Section 1106 of the CARES Act, subject to limitations
and ongoing rule-making by the SBA and the maintenance of employee and compensation levels. 

   

 

 
     F- 18 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020 

 (Audited) 


   


 Subject
to any forgiveness granted under the PPP, the Note is scheduled to mature two years from the date of first disbursement under
the Note. The Note may be prepaid at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. The Note provides for customary
events of default, including, among others, those relating to failure to make payments, bankruptcy, and significant changes in
ownership. The occurrence of an event of default may result in the required immediate repayment of all amounts outstanding and/or
filing suit and obtaining judgment against the Company. The Company’s obligations under the Note are not secured by any
collateral or personal guarantees.  

   

 On
May 8, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with the Auctus Fund LLC to reduce the exercise price of the Amended First
Warrants from $1.50 per share to $1.00 per share, and to reduce the exercise price of the Second Warrants from $3.75 to $2.50
per share. No other changes were made to the terms of the Warrants or the Convertible Note held by the Auctus Fund. In May, the
Auctus Fund LLC exercised 50,000 warrants at $1.00 per share, resulting in total proceeds to the Company of $50,000. In June,
the Auctus Fund LLC exercised 183,000 warrants at $1.00 per share, resulting in total proceeds to the Company of $183,000. 

   

 In
April 2020 the Company applied to the US Small Business Administration (the “SBA”) for a loan under the Economic Injury
Disaster Loan (EIDL) program. In May the SBA informed the Company that the EIDL loan application had been declined, but that the
SBA would provide a $10,000 forgivable advance under the EIDL program. 

   

 In
May 2020 the Company raised $30,000 from three stockholders in the form of short term, non-interest bearing, promissory notes,
each in the amount of $10,000. The promissory notes were repaid by the Company prior to the December 31, 2020 maturity date. 

   

 As
of December 31, 2020, all of the Warrants held by Auctus and Oasis have been exercised, resulting in total proceeds to the Company
of $1,458,500. 

   

 In
December 2020, two of the Company’s Initial Investors converted the remaining principal balance of their promissory notes,
$159,000, into 1,590,000 shares of the Company’s common stock at $0.10 per share. In addition, one of the investors in the
2018 Convertible Note Offering converted the principal balance of his note plus accrued interest into 893,000 shares of the Company’s
common stock. 

   

 Note
7 –  Capital Stock: 

   

 On
March 1, 2018 the Board authorized the Company to raise up to $500,000 of equity capital at price of $0.40 per share of common
stock (the “Initial Raise”). In connection with the Initial Raise, the Company received subscriptions for $75,000,
and issued shares of restricted common stock pursuant to the Subscription Agreements. On September 5, 2018 the Board formally
concluded the Initial Raise and ceased accepting investments. 

   

 On
April 13, 2018, The Company’s board of directors authorized a 1:200 reverse stock split on the shares of the Company’s
common stock. Accordingly, all references to numbers of common shares and per-share data in the accompanying financial statements
have been adjusted to reflect the stock split on a retroactive basis. The Board and the majority stockholder also amended the
Company’s Articles of Incorporation to increase the authorized capital of the company to 260,000,000 shares, consisting
of 250,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. 

   


 
     F- 19 
       
     


   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020 

 (Audited) 

   

 In
September 2018, the Company issued 4,800,000 shares of restricted common stock to key management and technical personnel, pursuant
to their respective employment agreements which were entered into and executed in July 2018 and made effective as of March 1,
2018, the date employment with the Company commenced. The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of $24.2 million
in connection with the grants of stock to key management and technical personnel, pursuant to ASC 718. The expense amount was
calculated based on the closing price of the Company stock on the OTC Markets on the date the grants were executed. In November
2018, two of the key management employees resigned from the Company and returned all of their stock grants to the Company, for
a total of 4,000,000 shares. The return of the stock grants was treated as a forfeiture under ASC 718 and accordingly the Company
reversed $20.16 million of the stock-based compensation expense after the shares were returned to the Company and cancelled. 

   

 The
terms of the employee stock grants are spelled out in Restricted Stock Agreements and Lock Up Agreements (the “Stock Agreements”),
which the Company entered into with each employee. The Stock Agreements specify that the stock grants are subject to restrictions
spelled out in a restrictive legend, and that the grants vest in full upon the first date of employment.  In addition, the
employee is also subject to the Lock Up Agreement for three years from the date of employment. The Lock Up Agreement precludes
the employee from selling, granting, lending, pledging, offering or in any way, directly or indirectly disposing of the shares
granted by the Company. Because one hundred percent (100%) of the shares vest on the first day of employment, the employee has
all of the rights of a shareholder including the ability to receive dividends and vote the shares. However, if the employee terminates
their employment prior to the third anniversary of his/her date of hire, the Company has a right to recoup a portion of the stock
grant. Specifically, the Company can recoup two thirds of the stock grant until the second anniversary date, and one third of
the stock grant between the second and third anniversary dates. After the third anniversary date, the Company has no further recoupment
rights. 

   

 To
properly account for the compensation expense associated with the stock grants under ASC 718, we first analyzed whether there
was a “requisite service period” associated with the stock grants. Because the shares vest immediately, we determined
that there was no requisite service period, and the employees received taxable compensation as of the date of grant. We also examined
whether there were conditions associated with the employee stock grants that would affect recording of compensation expense. We
determined that the Company’s recoupment or “clawback” right constitutes a contingent feature of a stock grant
such as a clawback feature that should be accounted for if, and when, the contingent event occurs, Moreover, while the company
has a legal right to recoup shares under certain conditions, in practice there are a number of procedural hurdles we would have
to overcome to actually get the shares back if the terminated employee does not voluntarily surrender the certificate, and there
is no guarantee we would succeed. Therefore, because the restricted stock grants vested in full upon the Effective Date, and the
clawback right is a contingent condition, in accordance with ASC 718 we determined that the full amount of the fair market value
of the shares should be recognized as compensation expense as of the date of the grant, rather than recognizing the stock-based
compensation expense pro rata over the three year period of the contingent clawback feature. 

   

 In
October 2018 the Company converted $725,000 principal amount of Convertible Promissory Notes, plus $16,711 of accrued interest,
into 1,510,377 shares of common stock. The Company also issued 130,000 shares of common stock to CNLT, LLC, pursuant to the non-dilution
covenant directed by the 2017 North Carolina court order. The shares were issued under Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act. 

   

 In
December 2018 the Company converted $100,000 principal amount of Initial Investor promissory notes, plus accrued interest of $2,422,
into 1,002,422 shares of common stock. 

   

 

 
     F- 20 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020 

 (Audited) 


   


 In
March 2019 the Company issued 25,000 shares of common stock to Lyons Capital, LLC, an investor relations firm, as compensation
for services pursuant to the terms of an agreement the Company entered into with Lyons Capital in December 2018. 

   

 In
June 2019 the Company converted $20,000 principal amount of Convertible Promissory Notes into 200,000 shares of common stock.
The Company also issued 350,000 shares of common stock to CNLT, LLC, pursuant to the non-dilution covenant directed by the 2017
North Carolina court order. The shares were issued under Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act. 

   

 In
May 2019 the Company terminated an employee who had received a grant of 400,000 shares of restricted stock in September 2018 pursuant
to an employment agreement. In August 2019 the Company exercised its rights under the Restricted Stock Agreement to recoup a portion
of the original grant. The Company received back 266,640 shares of common stock from the former employee and the partial return
of the stock grant was treated as a forfeiture under ASC 718 and accordingly the Company reversed $1,343,866 of the stock-based
compensation expense previously recorded, after the shares were returned to the Company and cancelled. This is consistent with
ASC 718 and the Company’s prior practice, as detailed above. 

   

 In
August 2019 the Company converted $2,015,500 principal amount of Convertible Promissory Notes plus $124,997 of accrued interest
into 2,329,525 restricted shares of common stock. 

   

 In
June 2020, the Company entered into twelve month Lock Up – Leak Out agreements with fifty holders of approximately 2 million
shares of restricted stock in exchange for 443,273 incentive shares. Under the Lock Up-Leak Out agreements the stockholders are
precluded from selling, granting, lending, pledging, offering or in any way, directly or indirectly disposing of their shares
until June 11, 2021 and after that date they agreed to limit daily sales to no more than ten percent (10%) of the average daily
trading volume of the Company’s stock for the previous three trading days. Two additional holders of a total of 50,000 shares
also entered into 12-month LockUp-Leak Out agreements, however, due to an administrative oversight, the Company did not issue
their incentives shares, totaling 10,000 shares, until September 2020. 

   

 On
June 10, 2020 the Board authorized a private placement of common stock with fifty percent (50%) warrant coverage at an exercise
price of $2.00 in the aggregate amount up to $3,000,000 at a stock price of $1.00 per share (the “2020 Units Offering”). In
connection with the 2020 Units Offering, the Company received funds of $342,000 as of August 24, 2020, and issued 342,000 shares
of Common Stock and Warrants to purchase 171,000 shares of Common Stock. The Board closed the 2020 Units Offering to further investment
in August 2020. 

   

 In
June 2020 the Company issued 300,000 shares of common stock to Capital Market Access, LLC, an investor relations firm, as compensation
for services pursuant to the terms of an agreement the Company entered into with Capital Market Access, LLC in May 2020. 

   

 On
July 24, 2020, the Company entered into Restricted Stock Agreements (the “Restricted Stock Agreements”) with certain
of its senior managers, including certain directors and officers, listed in the table below (each, a “Grantee” and
together, the “Grantees”), pursuant to the 2019 Quantum Computing Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan (the “Incentive
Plan”). Pursuant to the terms of the Restricted Stock Agreements, the stock grants are one hundred percent (100%) vested
as of the date of grant, but are subject to the Company’s right to recoup or “clawback” a portion of the shares
if the Grantee terminates their employment prior to the second anniversary of the date of grant, in accordance with the following
schedule: (i) the Company can recoup 100% of the shares until May 31, 2021, and (ii) the Company can recoup 50% of the shares
between June 1, 2021 and May 31, 2022. As of June 1, 2022, the Company has no further recoupment rights to the shares. The stock
grants are also subject to LockUp agreements for three years from the Grantee’s date of employment. The Lock Up Agreements
preclude the Grantees from selling, granting, lending, pledging, offering or in any way, directly or indirectly disposing of the
shares in the Restricted Stock Agreements. In the aggregate the Company issued 2,000,000 shares to its senior managers, including
the directors and officers listed below. The shares were granted at $3.16 per share. 

   

 
 
     Name
    of Grantee   
     Position   
     Number
    of Shares   
 
     Robert
    Liscouski   
     Chairman,
    Chief Executive Officer, President   
       400,000   
 
     Christopher Roberts   
     Chief Financial Officer,
    Director   
       400,000   
 


   

 

 
     F- 21 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020 

 (Audited) 


   


 In
August 2020 the Board authorized a private placement of common stock in the aggregate amount up to $4,500,000 at a stock price
of $1.00 per share (the “2020 $1.00 Equity Offering”).  The Company entered into Stock Purchase Agreements (the
“SPA”) with approximately 94 accredited investors (the “Investors”), whereby the Investors purchased from
the Company shares of the Company’s common stock in an aggregate amount of 4,237,500 (the “Shares”), for a purchase
price of $1.00 per share (the “Per Share Purchase Price”) resulting in gross proceeds to the company of $4,237,500. 

   

 Under
the terms of the SPA, the Investors shall have piggy-back registration rights to have the shares issued pursuant to the SPA included
as part of any registration of securities filed by the Company (other than pursuant to Form S-4, Form S-8, or any equivalent form). 

   

 In
connection with the Offering the Company issued an advisor 100,000 shares of the Company’s common stock and warrants to
purchase an additional 325,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, at an initial exercise price) of $3.40- per share,
subject to adjustment (the “Warrants”).   Warrants will expire on September 11, 2025. The Board closed the 2020
Units Offering to further investment in September, 2020. 

   

 In
September 2020 the Company issued 20,000 shares of common stock to Capital Market Access, LLC, an investor relations firm, as
compensation for services pursuant to the terms of an agreement the Company entered into with Capital Market Access, LLC in May
2020. 

   

 In
September 2020 the Company issued 50,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase an additional 150,000 shares of the Company’s
common stock, at an initial exercise price of $1.00 per share, subject to adjustment (the “Warrants”), to Bridgewater
Capital Corp, a financial and business strategy consulting firm, as compensation for services pursuant to the terms of an agreement
the Company entered into with Bridgewater Capital in August 2020. The Warrants will expire on September 11, 2025. 

   

 In
October 2020 the Board authorized a private placement of common stock in the aggregate amount up to $12,500,000 at a stock price
of $2.50 per share (the “2020 $2.50 Equity Offering”).  As of December 31, 2020, the Company has raised approximately
$14,4 million in the 2020 $2.50 Equity Offering. The Board closed the 2020 $2.50 Equity Offering to further investment effective
December 31, 2020. 

   

 In
connection with the 2020 $2.50 Equity Offering the Company issued an advisor 367,678 shares of the Company’s common stock
and warrants to purchase an additional 367,678 shares of the Company’s common stock, at an initial exercise price) of $3.00
per share, subject to adjustment (the “Warrants”).   Warrants will expire on December 23, 2025. 

   

 In
December 2020 the Company issued 10,000 shares of common stock to Capital Market Access, LLC, an investor relations firm, as compensation
for services pursuant to the terms of an agreement the Company entered into with Capital Market Access, LLC in May 2020. 

   

 In
December 2020 the Company issued 170,000 shares of common stock to Bridgewater Capital Corp, a financial and business strategy
consulting firm, as compensation for services pursuant to the terms of an agreement the Company entered into with Bridgewater
Capital in October, 2020. 

   

 In
December 2020 the Company issued 250,000 shares each to its two independent directors as compensation for their services on the
Company’s Board of Directors from September 2018 through December 2020. 

   

 

 
     F- 22 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2020 

 (Audited) 


   


 Note
8 –  Related Party Transactions 

   

 Convergent
Risk Group, LLC 

   

 To
finance the acquisition of the control block of shares in IBGH, an investor group (the “Initial Investors.”), loaned
Convergent Risk Group, LLC (Convergent) $275,000, in exchange for Promissory Notes from Convergent (the “Promissory Notes”)
in the total amount of $275,000. Convergent, a Virginia limited liability company, is owned 100% by Mr. Robert Liscouski, who
is the CEO and currently the majority shareholder of the Company. To induce Mr. Liscouski to serve as CEO of the Company, the
Company assumed the “Promissory Notes” in the total amount of $275,000 and certain liabilities (the “Liabilities”).
The Liabilities and the Promissory Notes are collectively the “Convergent Liabilities.” The Convergent Liabilities
assumed by the Company were exchanged for Convertible Promissory Notes issued by the Company for $275,000 (the same amount that
Convergent had issued them for). The Convertible Promissory Notes accrue interest at eight percent (8%) per
annum and are convertible into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.10 per share at any time prior to or at
August 10, 2019.    The Company also assumed a promissory note from one of the Initial Investors to Convergent
in the amount of $100,000, which is payable on or before June 30, 2019.   While the conversion of the Convertible Promissory
Notes is mandatory at the maturity date, August 10, 2020, the election to convert is at the option of the Initial Investor. The
Company has no obligation to repay the Initial Investors in cash.  However, the conversion of the Convertible Promissory
Notes will result in dilution of other shareholders once the Initial Investors convert their notes into the Company’s common
stock.  

   

 REMTC,
Inc. 

   

 To
provide the Company with a highly secure development environment and intra-company data management and communication system, the
Company contracted with REMTC, Inc. (“REMTC”), an entity wholly owned by Richard Malinowski, who was the Company’s
Chief Technology and Operations Officer at the time, to acquire the necessary hardware and software, configure and install the
REMTC proprietary security system, known as “PASS.” The total cost of the PASS System was approximately $670,000 which
the Company paid to REMTC. In November 2018, Mr. Richard Malinowski informed the Company of his decision to resign as Chief Technology
and Operations Officer and the Board accepted his resignation and that of Mr. Thomas Kelly. The Company and REMTC have unwound
the PASS agreement and the Company expects to receive approximately $670,000 back from Mr. Malinowski and REMTC. The Company determined
that the PASS System was unusable and therefore impaired, and wrote off the remaining undepreciated value of the PASS system as
of December 31, 2018. In March 2019 the Company commenced litigation in New Jersey state court against REMTC, Mr. Malinowski and
Mr. Kelly to recover the cost of the PASS System. In January 2020 the Company entered into a settlement of its claims against
REMTC, Mr. Malinowski and Mr. Kelly and the litigation in New Jersey was dismissed. 

   

 JLS
Ventures 

   

 To provide the Company with advertising
and marketing services, the Company contracted with JLS Ventures LLC (“JLS”), an entity wholly owned by Justin Schreiber,
a member of the Company’s board of directors, to procure and manage advertising services. The agreement with JLS is for a
period of one year and is terminable upon thirty days’ notice. During the year ending December 31, 2021. The Company reimbursed
JLS $140,698 for costs associated with advertisement procurement. 

   

 Note
9 –  Reclassifications: 

   

 Certain
reclassifications have been made to the prior period financial statements to conform to the current period financial statement
presentation. Specifically, the Beneficial Conversion Feature expense relating to the offering of Convertible Promissory Notes
in 2018 has been allocated to the periods in which the Promissory Notes were issued. These reclassifications had no effect on
net earnings or cash flows as previously reported for calendar year 2018. 

   

 Note
10 –  Subsequent Events: 

   

 In
January 2021 the Company issued 10,000 shares of common stock to Axis Partners, Inc., an investor relations firm, as compensation
for services pursuant to the terms of an agreement the Company entered into with Axis Partners, Inc. in January 2021. 

   

 In
January 2021 holders of warrants for 842,678 shares of common stock requested a cashless exercise of their warrants, resulting
in the issuance of 616,273 shares of common stock. 

   

 In February 2021 the Company issued 33,333 shares of common
stock, which vest ratably over a twelve month period, to a consultant as compensation for business development services pursuant
to an agreement the Company entered into in January 2021.  

   

 In February 2021 the Company issued options for 650,000 shares
of common stock, vesting over twelve months, to two investor relations consultants pursuant to agreements the Company entered into
in February 2021. The Company also issued options for 193,500 shares of common stock, vesting over three years, to three business
development consultants and one director. 

   

 There
are no other events of a subsequent nature that in management’s opinion are reportable. 

   

   

 F-23 

   

 

 
 
 
 
