
 10-K
 1
 a2237793z10-k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Use these links to rapidly review the document 
   TABLE OF CONTENT 
 

 

 




 




 




 





 




 





 


 
 

 Table of Contents   

 2018 10-K   

    

   
    

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    WASHINGTON, DC 20549   

 FORM 10-K   

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

 For the fiscal year ended December 29, 2018   

 Commission file number 1-7685   

 AVERY DENNISON CORPORATION    (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Delaware 
   
 95-1492269 
 
 
 (State of Incorporation) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 
 207 Goode Avenue 
Glendale, California   (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
   
  91203   (Zip Code)   
 
 
 

 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 
(626) 304-2000   

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Title of Each Class

 

  
   
 Name of each exchange on which registered

 

  
 
 
 Common stock, $1 par value 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
 
 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
Not applicable.   

           Indicate by a check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes  þ     No  o   


           Indicate by a check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.
Yes  o     No  þ   

           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. Yes  þ     No  o   


           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit such files). Yes  þ     No  o   

           Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  þ   

           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an
emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Large accelerated filer  þ 
   
 Accelerated filer  o 
   
 Non-accelerated filer  o 
   
 Smaller reporting company  o 
Emerging growth company  o 
 
 
 
  
            If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  o   


           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).
Yes  o     No  þ   

           The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2018, the last business day of the registrant's
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was $8,878,483,404.  

           Number
of shares of common stock, $1 par value, outstanding as of February 23, 2019, the end of the registrant's most recent fiscal month: 83,980,757.  


           The
following documents are incorporated by reference into the Parts of this Form 10-K indicated below:  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Document

 

  
   
 Incorporated by reference into:

 

  
 
 
   Portions of Annual Report to Shareholders for fiscal year ended December 29, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 13
hereto) 
   
    Parts I, II 
 
 
   Portions of Definitive Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 25, 2019 
   
  Parts III, IV 
 
 
 
      
 
   
 
  
   

 
 
 
 

 

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 
 

 

 Table of Contents   

   

   

       AVERY DENNISON CORPORATION              FISCAL YEAR 2018 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K              TABLE OF CONTENTS          


 
   
  

  
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Page  
 
 
 PART I 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Item 1. 
   
 Business 
   
 1 
 
 
 Item 1A. 
   
 Risk Factors 
   
 5 
 
 
 Item 1B. 
   
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
 18 
 
 
 Item 2. 
   
 Properties 
   
 19 
 
 
 Item 3. 
   
 Legal Proceedings 
   
 19 
 
 
 Item 4. 
   
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
 20 
 
 
 PART II 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Item 5. 
   
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
   
 21 
 
 
 Item 6. 
   
 Selected Financial Data 
   
 21 
 
 
 Item 7. 
   
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   
 21 
 
 
 Item 7A. 
   
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
   
 21 
 
 
 Item 8 
   
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   
 21 
 
 
 Item 9. 
   
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
   
 22 
 
 
 Item 9A. 
   
 Controls and Procedures 
   
 22 
 
 
 Item 9B. 
   
 Other Information 
   
 22 
 
 
 PART III 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Item 10. 
   
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
   
 23 
 
 
 Item 11. 
   
 Executive Compensation 
   
 25 
 
 
 Item 12. 
   
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
   
 25 
 
 
 Item 13. 
   
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
   
 25 
 
 
 Item 14. 
   
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
   
 25 
 
 
 PART IV 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Item 15. 
   
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
   
 26 
 
 
 Item 16. 
   
 Form 10-K Summary 
   
 26 
 
 
   
   
 Signatures 
   
 34 
 
 
   
   
 Power of Attorney 
   
 35 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 
  

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART I          

   
       Item 1.    BUSINESS          

 



 


Company Background   

         Avery Dennison Corporation ("Avery Dennison" or the "Company," "Registrant," or "Issuer," and generally referred to as "we" or "us") was
incorporated in Delaware in 1977 as Avery International Corporation, the successor corporation to a California corporation of the same name incorporated in 1946. In 1990, we merged one of our
subsidiaries into Dennison Manufacturing Company ("Dennison"), as a result of which Dennison became our wholly-owned subsidiary and in connection with which our name was changed to Avery Dennison
Corporation. You can learn more about us by visiting our website at www.averydennison.com. Our website address provided in this Form 10-K is not intended to function as a hyperlink and the
information on our website is not, nor should it be considered, part of this report or incorporated by reference into this report.  

 


 


Business Overview and Reportable Segments   

         Our businesses include the production of pressure-sensitive materials and a variety of tickets, tags, labels and other converted products. We
sell most of our pressure-sensitive materials to label printers and converters that convert the materials into labels and other products through embossing, printing, stamping and die-cutting. We sell
other pressure-sensitive materials in converted form as tapes and reflective sheeting. We also manufacture and sell a variety of other converted products and items not involving pressure-sensitive
components, such as fasteners, tickets, tags, radio-frequency identification ("RFID") inlays and tags, and imprinting equipment and related solutions, which serve the apparel and other end markets.  

         Our
reportable segments for fiscal year 2018 were: 

 
 
 •  Label and Graphic Materials ("LGM");  
 •  Retail Branding and Information Solutions ("RBIS"); and  
 •  Industrial and Healthcare Materials ("IHM").  
 

         In
2018, the LGM, RBIS, and IHM segments made up approximately 68%, 22% and 10%, respectively, of our total sales.  

         In
2018, international operations constituted a substantial majority of our business, representing approximately 77% of our sales. As of December 29, 2018, we operated
approximately 180 manufacturing and distribution facilities worldwide with approximately 30,000 employees and operations in over 50 countries.  

 


 


LGM Segment   

         Our LGM segment manufactures and sells Fasson®-, JAC®-, and Avery Dennison®-brand pressure-sensitive label
and packaging materials, Avery Dennison®- and Mactac®-brand graphics, and Avery Dennison®-brand reflective products. The business of this segment tends not to be
seasonal, except for certain outdoor graphics and reflective products.  


         Pressure-sensitive
materials consist primarily of papers, plastic films, metal foils and fabrics, which are coated with internally-developed and purchased adhesives, and then laminated
with specially-coated backing papers and films. They are sold in roll or sheet form with either solid or patterned adhesive coatings, and are available in a wide range of face materials, sizes,
thicknesses and adhesive properties.  

         A
pressure-sensitive, or self-adhesive, material is one that adheres to a surface by press-on contact. It generally consists of four layers: a face material, which may be paper, metal
foil, plastic film or fabric; an  

 1 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 adhesive,
which may be permanent or removable; a release coating; and a backing material to protect the adhesive from premature contact with other surfaces that can also serve as a carrier for
supporting and dispensing individual labels. When the products are to be used, the release coating and protective backing are removed, exposing the adhesive so that the label or other face material
may be pressed or rolled into place. Because they are easy to apply without the need for adhesive activation, self-adhesive materials can provide cost savings compared to other materials that require
heat- or moisture-activated adhesives and offer aesthetic and other advantages over alternative technologies.  

         Label
and packaging materials are sold worldwide to label converters for labeling, decorating, and specialty applications in the home and personal care, beer and beverage, durables,
pharmaceutical, wine and spirits, and food market segments. When used in package decoration applications, the visual appeal of self-adhesive materials can help increase sales of the products on which
the materials are applied. Self-adhesive materials are also used to convey variable information, such as bar codes for mailing or weight and price information for packaged meats and other foods.
Self-adhesive materials provide consistent and versatile adhesion and are available in a large selection of materials, which can be made into labels of varying sizes and shapes.  

         Our
graphics and reflective products include a variety of films and other products that are sold to the architectural, commercial sign, digital printing, and other related market
segments. We also sell durable cast and reflective films to the construction, automotive and fleet transportation market segments and reflective films for traffic and safety applications. We provide
sign shops, commercial printers and designers a broad range of pressure-sensitive materials to enable them to create impactful and informative brand and decorative graphics. We have an array of
pressure-sensitive vinyl and specialty materials designed for digital imaging, screen printing and sign cutting applications.  


         In
the LGM segment, our larger competitors in label and packaging materials include Raflatac, a subsidiary of UPM-Kymmene Corporation; Lintec Corporation; Ritrama, Inc.; Flexcon
Corporation, Inc.; and various regional firms. For graphics and reflective products, our largest competitors are 3M Company ("3M") and the Orafol Group. We believe that entry of competitors
into the field of pressure-sensitive adhesives and materials is limited by technical knowledge and capital requirements. We believe that our technical expertise, size and scale of operations, broad
line of quality products and service programs, distribution capabilities, brand strength, and new product innovation are the primary advantages in maintaining and further developing our competitive
position.  

 


 


RBIS Segment   

         Our RBIS segment designs, manufactures and sells a wide variety of branding and information solutions to retailers, brand owners, apparel
manufacturers, distributors and industrial customers. This segment experiences some seasonality, with higher volume generally in advance of the spring, fall (back-to-school), and holiday shipping
periods. In recent years, as the apparel industry has moved to more frequent seasonal updates, this segment has experienced less seasonality.  

         The
branding solutions of RBIS include creative services, brand embellishments, graphic tickets, tags, and labels, and sustainable packaging. RBIS information solutions include
item-level RFID solutions; visibility and loss prevention solutions; price ticketing and marking; care, content, and country of origin compliance solutions; and brand protection and security
solutions.  

         In
the RBIS segment, our primary competitors include Checkpoint Systems, Inc., a subsidiary of CCL Industries Inc.; R-pac International Corporation; and SML Group Limited.
We believe that our global distribution network, reliable service, product quality and consistency, and ability to serve customers consistently with comprehensive solutions wherever they manufacture
are the key advantages in maintaining and further developing our competitive position.  

 2 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


IHM Segment   

         Our IHM segment manufactures and sells Fasson®-brand and Avery Dennison®-brand tapes and fasteners,
Vancive TM -brand medical pressure-sensitive adhesive (PSA) based materials and products, and performance polymers. Our tape products include coated tapes and adhesive transfer tapes that
are sold for use in non-mechanical fastening, bonding and sealing systems. IHM also manufactures and sells Yongle® brand tapes for wire harnessing and cable wrapping in automotive,
electrical, and general industrial applications. The mechanical fasteners are primarily precision extruded and injection-molded plastic devices used in various automotive, industrial, and retail
applications.  

         These
tapes and fasteners are sold worldwide to original equipment manufacturers and their suppliers. The tapes are available in roll form and in a wide range of face materials, sizes,
thicknesses and adhesive properties, and are used in various bonding and fastening applications in the automotive, electronics, building and construction, other industrial, and personal care segments.  


         Our
Vancive-brand products include an array of PSA materials and products that address the needs of medical device manufacturers, converters, clinicians, and patients for surgical, wound
and skin care, ostomy, diagnostic, electromedical and wearable device applications.  

         For
tapes and bonding solutions, our primary competitors include 3M; Tesa-SE, a subsidiary of Beiersdorf AG; Nitto Denko Corporation; and various regional firms. We believe that entry of
competitors into this field is limited by technical knowledge and capital requirements. We believe that our technical expertise, size and scale of operations, broad line of quality products and new
product innovation are the most significant advantages in maintaining and further developing our competitive position in this business. For Vancive products, we compete with a variety of specialized
medical tapes and converted products suppliers ranging from start-ups to multinational companies. We believe that entry into the medical solutions business is limited by capital and regulatory
requirements. For fastener products, there are a variety of competitors supplying extruded and injection molded fasteners and fastener attaching equipment. They range from smaller regional competitors
to multinational companies. We believe that entry into this business is limited by capital requirements and technical knowledge. For both our Vancive and fastener solutions businesses, we believe that
our ability to serve our customers with high-quality, cost-effective solutions and our innovation capabilities are the most significant factors in developing our competitive position.  


 


 


Raw Materials   

         In 2018, we experienced raw material inflation in most of our markets worldwide. In response, we continued to re-engineer our products and drive
savings through our procurement function, as well as raise prices. These actions largely offset the raw material inflation we experienced during the year. While we have received sufficient quantities
of raw materials to meet our production requirements to date, it is difficult to predict future shortages of raw materials or the impact any such shortages would have. We have avoided disruption to
our manufacturing operations through carefully managing our existing raw material inventories and maintaining strategic relationships with our suppliers and additional supply sources.  

 


 


Research and Development   

         Many of our products are the result of our research and development efforts. Our research efforts are directed primarily toward developing new
products and operating techniques and improving productivity, sustainability, and product performance, often in close association with customers. These efforts include patent and product development
work relating to printing and coating technologies, as well as adhesive, release and ink chemistries in our LGM and IHM segments. Additionally, we focus on research projects related to RFID and
external embellishments in our RBIS segment and medical technologies in our IHM segment, for both of which we hold and license a number of patents.  

 3 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Patents, Trademarks and Licenses   

         The loss of individual patents or licenses would not be material to us taken as a whole, nor to our operating segments individually. Our
principal trademarks are Avery Dennison, our logo, and Fasson. We believe these trademarks are strong in the market segments in which we compete.  

 


 


Manufacturing and Environmental Matters   

         We use various raw materials – primarily paper, plastic films and resins, as well as specialty chemicals purchased from
various commercial and industrial sources – that are subject to price fluctuations. Although shortages can occur from time to time, these raw materials are generally available.  


         We
produce a majority of our self-adhesive materials using water-based emulsion and hot-melt adhesive technologies. A portion of our manufacturing process for self-adhesive materials
utilizes organic
solvents, which, unless controlled, could be emitted into the atmosphere or contaminate soil or groundwater. Emissions from these operations contain small amounts of volatile organic compounds, which
are regulated by federal, state, local and foreign governments. We continue to evaluate the use of alternative materials and technologies to minimize these emissions. In connection with the
maintenance and acquisition of certain manufacturing equipment, we invest in solvent capture and control units to assist in regulating these emissions.  


         We
have developed adhesives and adhesive processing systems that minimize the use of solvents. Emulsion adhesives, hot-melt adhesives, and solventless and emulsion silicone systems have
been installed in many of our facilities.  

         Based
on current information, we do not believe that the cost of complying with applicable laws regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the
protection of the environment, will have a material effect upon our capital expenditures, consolidated financial position or results of operations.  

         For
information regarding our potential responsibility for cleanup costs at certain hazardous waste sites, see "Legal Proceedings" (Part I, Item 3) and "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" (Part II, Item 7).  

 


 


Available Information   

         Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those
reports filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"),
are available free of charge on our investor website at www.investors.averydennison.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. We also make
available on our website our (i) Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, (ii) Amended and Restated Bylaws, (iii) Corporate Governance Guidelines, (iv) Code of
Conduct, which applies to our directors, officers and employees, (v) Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, (vi) charters of the Audit and Finance,
Compensation and Executive Personnel, and Governance and Social Responsibility Committees of our Board of Directors, and (vii) Audit Committee Complaint Procedures for Accounting and Auditing
Matters. These documents are also available free of charge upon written request to our Corporate Secretary, Avery Dennison Corporation, 207 Goode Avenue, Glendale, California 91203.  

         Reports
filed with or furnished to the SEC may be viewed at www.sec.gov.  

 4 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
       Item 1A.    RISK FACTORS          


         The risk factors described in this section, as well as the matters generally described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the
documents incorporated herein by reference, could materially adversely affect our business, including our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and cause the value of our
securities to decline. This list of risks is not exhaustive. Our ability to attain our goals and objectives is dependent on numerous factors and risks, including, but not limited to, the primary ones
described in this section.  

 


 


The demand for our products is impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide economic, political and
market conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.   

         In 2018, approximately 77% of our sales were from international operations. We have operations in over 50 countries and our domestic and
international operations are strongly influenced by matters beyond our control, including changes in political, social, economic and labor conditions, tax laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign
earnings), and international trade regulations (including tariffs), as well as the impact of these changes on the underlying demand for our products.  

         Macroeconomic
developments such as slower growth in the geographic regions in which we operate, the restructuring of European sovereign and other debt obligations, the continuing
uncertainty surrounding the exit of the United Kingdom ("UK") from the European Union (commonly known as "Brexit"), and uncertainty in the global credit or financial markets leading to a loss of
consumer confidence could result in a material adverse effect on our business as a result of, among other things, reduced consumer spending, declines in asset valuations, diminished liquidity and
credit availability, volatility in securities prices, credit rating downgrades, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Fluctuations in currencies, such as the value of the euro, Chinese
renminbi, and Argentine peso in 2018, can result in a variety of negative effects, including lower revenues, increased costs, lower gross margin percentages, increased allowances for doubtful accounts
and/or write-offs of accounts receivable, and required recognition of impairments of capitalized assets, including goodwill and other intangibles.  


         We
continue to face uncertainty with respect to trade relations between the U.S. and many of its trading partners. During 2018, the U.S. government imposed tariffs on products imported
into the U.S. This resulted in reciprocal tariffs on goods imported from the U.S. into China, the European Union, Mexico, Canada, and a few other countries. The impacts on our operations to date have
been insignificant. There remains a significant risk that additional tariffs or other restrictions could be imposed on products imported from these or other countries, or that relations with these
countries could more broadly deteriorate. These countries could retaliate by imposing similar tariffs or restrictions on products exported from the U.S. Any of these actions or further developments in
U.S. trade relations could have a material adverse effect on our business.  

         In
addition, business and operational disruptions or delays caused by political, social or economic instability and unrest – such as civil, political and economic
disturbances in countries such as Russia, Ukraine, Syria, Iraq, Iran, Turkey, North Korea and the related impact on global stability, terrorist attacks and the potential for other hostilities, public
health crises or natural disasters in various parts of the world – could contribute to a climate of economic and political uncertainty that in turn could have material adverse
effects on our business. We are not able to predict the duration and severity of adverse economic, political or market conditions in the U.S. or other countries.  


 


 


As a manufacturer, our sales and profitability are dependent upon the cost and availability of raw materials
and energy, which are subject to price fluctuations, and our ability to control or offset raw material and labor costs. Raw material cost increases could materially adversely affect our business.   

         The environment for raw materials used in our businesses could become challenging and volatile, impacting availability and pricing.
Additionally, energy costs can be volatile and unpredictable. Shortages  

 5 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 and
inflationary or other increases in the costs of raw materials, labor and energy have occurred in the past, and could recur. In 2018, we announced targeted price increases in our LGM segment in all
regions to address raw material inflation. Our performance depends in part on our ability to offset cost increases for raw materials by raising the selling prices for our products and improving
productivity.  

         Also,
it is important for us to obtain timely delivery of materials, equipment, and other resources from suppliers, and to make timely delivery to customers. We may experience supply
chain interruptions due
to natural and other disasters or other events, or our existing relationships with suppliers could be terminated in the future. Any such disruption to our supply chain could have a material adverse
effect on our sales and profitability, and any sustained interruption in our receipt of adequate supplies could have a material adverse effect on our business.  

 


 


We are affected by changes in our markets due to competitive conditions, technological developments, laws and
regulations, and customer preferences. If we do not compete effectively or respond appropriately to these market changes, it could reduce market demand, or we could lose market share or be forced to
reduce selling prices to maintain market share, which could materially adversely affect our business.   

         We are at risk that existing or new competitors, which include some of our customers, distributors, and suppliers, will expand in our key market
segments or develop new technologies, enhancing their competitive position relative to ours. Competitors also may be able to offer additional products, services, lower prices, or other incentives that
we cannot or would not offer or that would make our products less profitable. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or new
technologies.  

         We
are also at risk that changes in consumer preferences or laws and regulations related to the use of plastics could reduce demand for our products. We have developed new products to
address the need for increased recyclability of plastic packaging, and are developing new solutions to address this challenge in collaboration with our customers and the businesses in our supply
chain. There can be no assurance that these efforts will be successful, and a significant reduction in the use of plastic packaging could materially adversely affect demand for our products.  

         We
also are at risk to changes in customer order patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained by customers and the timing of customer purchases, which may be affected
by announced price changes, changes in our incentive programs, or changes in the customer's ability to achieve incentive targets. Changes in customers' preferences for our products can also affect
demand for our products and a decline in demand for our products could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, in 2016, we announced a program loss in personal care tapes that had
a significant negative impact on the results of our IHM segment in 2016 and 2017.  

 


 


We have recently acquired companies and are likely to acquire other companies. Acquisitions come with
significant risks and uncertainties, including those related to integration, technology and employees.   

         To grow existing businesses and expand into new areas, we have made acquisitions and are likely to continue doing so. In 2016, we completed the
acquisition of the European business of Mactac, a leading manufacturer of high-quality pressure-sensitive materials serving several graphics, specialty labels and industrial tapes segments, for
$220 million. In 2017, we completed the following acquisitions for an aggregate of approximately $340 million: Yongle Tape Ltd., a China-based manufacturer of specialty tapes and
related products used in a variety of industrial markets; Finesse Medical Ltd., an Ireland-based manufacturer of healthcare products used in the management of wound care and skin conditions;
and the net assets of Hanita Coatings Rural Cooperative Association Limited, an Israel-based pressure-sensitive manufacturer of specialty films and laminates, and stock of certain of its subsidiaries.
Although we did not make any acquisitions in 2018, we continued to evaluate potential targets and ensure we have a robust pipeline of acquisition opportunities.  

 6 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Various
risks, uncertainties, and costs are associated with acquisitions. Effective integration of systems, controls, employees, product lines, market segments, customers, suppliers, and
production facilities and cost savings can be difficult to achieve and the results of integration actions are uncertain. In addition, we may not be able to retain key employees of an acquired company
or successfully execute integration strategies and achieve projected performance targets for the business segment into which an acquired company is integrated. Both before and after the closing of an
acquisition, our business and those of the acquired company or companies may suffer due to uncertainty or diversion of management attention. There can be no assurance that any acquisitions will be
successful and contribute to our profitability and we may not be able to identify value-accretive targets or execute additional acquisitions in the future.  

 


 


Because some of our products are sold by third parties, our business depends in part on the financial health
of these parties and their customers.   

         Some of our products are sold not only by us, but also by third-party distributors. Some of our distributors also market products that compete
with our products. Changes in the financial or business conditions, including economic weakness, market trends or industry consolidation, or the
purchasing decisions of these third parties or their customers could materially adversely affect our business.  

 


 


We outsource some of our manufacturing. If there are significant changes in the quality control or financial
or business condition of these outsourced manufacturers, our business could be negatively impacted.   

         We manufacture most of our products, but we also occasionally use third-party manufacturers to optimize production efficiencies, manage capacity
overflow, and produce specialty jobs, particularly in our RBIS segment. Outsourcing manufacturing reduces our ability to prevent product quality issues, late deliveries, customer dissatisfaction and
noncompliance with customer requirements. While we have stringent onboarding processes and continuous performance assessments for these outsourced manufacturers, we may experience quality issues and
customer dissatisfaction that could have a material adverse effect on our business.  

 


 


Our operations and activities outside of the U.S. may subject us to risks different from and potentially
greater than those associated with our domestic operations.   

         A substantial portion of our employees and assets are located outside of the U.S. and, in 2018, the substantial majority of our sales was
generated from customers located outside of the U.S. International operations and activities involve risks that are different from and potentially greater than the risks we face with respect to our
domestic operations, including our less extensive knowledge of and relationships with contractors, suppliers, distributors and customers in certain of these markets; changes in foreign political,
regulatory and economic conditions, including nationally, regionally and locally; materially adverse effects of changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies; laws and regulations impacting the
ability to repatriate foreign earnings; challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to sales, operations, taxes, employment and legal
proceedings; establishing effective controls and procedures to regulate our international operations and monitor compliance with U.S. laws and regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and
similar foreign laws and regulations, such as the UK's Bribery Act of 2010; differences in lending practices; challenges with complying with applicable export and import control laws and regulations;
and differences in languages, cultures and time zones.  

         There
is also continued uncertainty as to how Brexit will affect the legal and regulatory environment in the European Union and the UK, as well as whether other countries in the European
Union may approve similar measures and cause further uncertainty in the region. While our operations in the UK are relatively small, the realization of any of these risks or the failure to comply with
any laws or regulations in the European Union or the UK could expose us to liabilities and have a material adverse effect on our business.  

 7 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Our reputation, sales, and earnings could be materially adversely affected if the quality of our products and
services does not meet customer expectations. In addition, product liability claims or regulatory actions could materially adversely affect our business or reputation.   

         There are occasions when we experience product quality issues resulting from defective materials, manufacturing, packaging or design. These
issues are often discovered before shipping, causing delays in shipping, delays in the manufacturing process, and occasionally cancelled orders. When issues are discovered after shipment, they may
result in additional shipping costs, discounts, refunds, or loss of future sales. Both pre-shipping and post-shipping quality issues could have material adverse effects on our business and negatively
impact our reputation.  

         Claims
for losses or injuries purportedly caused by some of our products arise in the ordinary course of our business. In addition to the risk of substantial monetary judgments and
penalties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, product liability claims or regulatory actions could result in negative publicity that could harm our reputation in the marketplace
and the value of our brands. We also could be required to recall and possibly discontinue the sale of potentially defective or unsafe products, which could result in adverse publicity and significant
expenses. Although we maintain product liability insurance coverage, potential product liability claims are subject to a deductible or may not be covered under the terms of the policy.  

 


 


Changes in our business strategies may increase our costs and could affect the profitability of our
businesses.   

         As our business environment changes, we may need to adjust our business strategies or restructure our operations or particular businesses. We
undertook a multi-year transformation of our RBIS segment focused on accelerating growth through a more regionally driven business model intended to simplify our go-to-market strategy, optimize
management efficiencies and consolidate our manufacturing footprint. In addition, we have initiated restructuring and investment actions across our businesses designed to increase profitability, such
as the restructuring of the European footprint of our LGM business, which began in 2018 and continues in 2019. As we continue to develop and adjust our growth strategies, we may invest in new
businesses that have short-term returns that are negative or low and whose ultimate business prospects are uncertain or could prove
unprofitable. We cannot provide assurance that we will achieve the intended results of any of our business strategies, which involve operational complexities, consume management attention and require
substantial resources and effort. If we fail to achieve the intended results of such actions, our costs could increase, our assets could be impaired, and our returns on investments could be lower.  

 


 


Our growth strategy includes increased concentration in emerging markets, including China, which could create
greater exposure to unstable political conditions, civil unrest, economic volatility and other risks applicable to international operations.   

         An increasing amount of our sales are derived from emerging markets, including countries in Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe. The
profitable growth of our business in emerging markets is a significant focus of our long-term growth strategy and our regional results can fluctuate significantly based on economic conditions in these
regions. For example, while China and other emerging markets continued to contribute positively to our results in 2018, we believe that local economic conditions negatively impacted our results in
China for the year. Our business operations may be adversely affected by the current and future political environment in China, including as a result of its response to recent tariffs instituted by
the U.S. government on goods imported from China. Our ability to operate in China may be adversely affected by changes in Chinese laws and regulations or the interpretation thereof, including those
relating to taxation, import and export tariffs, raw materials, environmental regulations, land use rights, property, foreign currency conversion, the regulation of private enterprises and other
matters.  

 8 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 
  

 

 Table of Contents   

         If we are unable to successfully expand our business in China or other emerging markets or achieve the return on capital we expect as a result of our investments
in these countries, our financial performance could be materially adversely affected. In addition to the risks applicable to our international operations, factors that could have a material adverse
effect on our operations in these emerging markets include the lack of well-established or reliable legal systems and possible disruptions due to unstable political conditions, civil unrest or
economic volatility. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business by decreasing consumer purchasing power, reducing demand for our products or impairing our ability to achieve
our long-term goals.  

 


 


If we are unable to develop and successfully market new products and applications, we could compromise our
competitive position.   

         The timely introduction of new products and improvements to current products helps determine our success. Many of our current products are the
result of our research and development efforts. Our research efforts are directed primarily toward developing new products and operating techniques and improving product performance, often in close
association with our customers or end users. These efforts include patent and product development work relating to printing and coating technologies, as well as adhesive, release and ink chemistries
in our LGM and IHM segments. Additionally, we focus on research projects related to RFID and external embellishments in our RBIS segment and medical technologies in our IHM segment, for both of which
we hold and license a number of patents. However, research and development is complex and uncertain, requiring innovation and anticipation of market trends. We could focus on products that ultimately
are not accepted by customers or end users or we could suffer delays in the production or launch of new products that may not lead to the recovery of our research and development expenditures and, as
a result, could compromise our competitive position.  

 


 


Misassessment of our infrastructure needs could have a material adverse effect on our business.   

         We may not be able to recoup the costs of our infrastructure investments if actual demand is not as we anticipate. In recent years, we expanded
our manufacturing facility located in Kunshan, China; moved our RBIS Vietnam business into a new, expanded facility; are in the process of closing an LGM facility in Germany and consolidating those
operations with operations in Luxembourg and Belgium; added a new coater to meet our projected demand for pressure-sensitive tapes in China; and made additional investments in capacity to support
growth in our U.S. graphics business, our label and packaging materials businesses in Asia and Luxembourg, and in RFID and heat transfer technology. We are also in the process of adding additional LGM
coating capacity in Ohio and transferring our European IHM medical capacity from Belgium to Ireland. In addition, we added capacity through our recent acquisitions of Mactac Europe, Yongle Tapes,
Hanita Coatings and Finesse Medical. Infrastructure investments, which are long-term in nature, may not generate the expected return due to changes in the marketplace, failures in execution, and other
factors. Significant changes from our expected need for and/or returns on our infrastructure investments could materially adversely affect our business.  

 


 


Our profitability may be materially adversely affected if we generate less productivity improvement than
projected.   

         We engage in restructuring actions intended to reduce our costs and increase efficiencies across our business segments. For example, we
undertook a multi-year transformation of our RBIS segment focused on accelerating growth through a more regionally driven business model intended to simplify our go-to-market strategy, optimize
management efficiencies and consolidate our manufacturing footprint. In addition, we intend to continue efforts to reduce costs in all our businesses, which have in the past included, and may continue
to include, facility closures and square footage reductions, headcount reductions, organizational restructuring, process standardization, and manufacturing relocation. The restructuring of the
European footprint of our LGM business, which began in 2018 and continues in 2019,  

 9 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 is
an example. The success of these efforts is not assured and lower levels of productivity could reduce profitability. In addition, cost reduction actions could expose us to production risk, loss of
sales and employee turnover.  

 


 


Foreign currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in those rates, may materially adversely affect our
business.   

         The substantial majority of our sales in 2018 was in foreign currencies. We are subject to fluctuations in foreign currencies, such as the euro
and the Chinese Yuan (renminbi), which can cause transaction, translation and other losses, and could negatively impact our sales and profitability. Margins on sales of our products in foreign
countries could be materially adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.  


         We
monitor our foreign currency exposures and may, from time to time, use hedging instruments to mitigate transactional and translational exposure to changes in foreign currencies. For
example, as of December 29, 2018, €255 million of our €500 million in senior notes was designated as a net investment hedge of our investment in
foreign operations to mitigate our foreign currency translation exposure. The effectiveness of our hedges in part depends on our ability to accurately forecast future cash flows, which is particularly
difficult during periods of uncertain demand for our products and services and highly volatile exchange rates. Further, hedging activities may offset only a portion, or none at all, of the material
adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in
foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place and we may incur significant losses from hedging activities due to factors such as demand volatility and foreign currency
fluctuations.  

         Continued
concerns regarding the short- and long-term stability of the euro and its ability to serve as a single currency for countries in the Eurozone could lead individual countries to
revert, or threaten to revert, to their former local currencies, potentially dislocating the euro. If this were to occur, the assets we hold in a country that re-introduces its local currency could be
significantly devalued, the cost of raw materials or our manufacturing operations could substantially increase, and the demand and pricing for our products could be materially adversely affected.
Furthermore, if it were to become necessary for us to conduct business in additional currencies, we could be subject to earnings volatility as amounts in these currencies are translated into U.S.
dollars.  

 


 


Difficulty in the collection of receivables as a result of economic conditions or other market factors could
have a material adverse effect on our business.   

         Although we have processes to administer credit granted to customers and believe our allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate, we have
experienced, and in the future may experience, losses as a result of our inability to collect some of our accounts receivable. The financial difficulties of a customer could result in reduced business
with that customer. We may also assume higher credit risk relating to receivables of a customer experiencing financial difficulty. If these developments were to occur, our inability to collect on our
accounts receivable from major customers could substantially reduce our cash flows and income and have a material adverse effect on our business.  

 


 


Changes in our tax rates could affect our earnings.   

         Our effective tax rate in any period could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates,
changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation, including, among others, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "TCJA")
enacted in December 2017. There can be no assurance that these changes will not have a material adverse effect on our business.  

 10 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


The TCJA may materially adversely affect our business.   

         The TCJA significantly changed the income taxation of U.S. corporations by, among other things, reducing the federal corporate income tax rate,
eliminating domestic manufacturing deductions, limiting deductions of interest expense and executive compensation, adopting elements of a modified territorial tax system by providing a dividend
received deduction for certain distributions from foreign subsidiaries, imposing a one-time transition tax on a deemed repatriation of all undistributed earnings and profits of certain U.S.-owned
foreign corporations ("transition tax"), revising the rules governing foreign tax credits, and introducing anti-base erosion provisions. The provisions of the TCJA are subject to further amendments,
interpretations, regulations, as well as the results of pending or future litigation, any of which could increase or decrease one or more impacts of the legislation. The full impact of these changes
on our state and local corporate taxes, which often use federal taxable income as a starting point for computing state and local tax liabilities, continues to develop.  

 


 


The enactment of legislation implementing changes in taxation of international business activities, adoption
of other corporate tax reform policies, or other changes in tax legislation or policies could materially and adversely impact our business.   

         Corporate tax reform, prevention of base-erosion and tax transparency continue to be high priorities of many tax jurisdictions in which we do
business. As a result, policies regarding corporate income and other taxes are under heightened scrutiny globally, while tax reform legislation has been proposed or enacted in a number of
jurisdictions.  

         In
addition, many countries are beginning to implement legislation and other guidance to align their international tax rules with the Organisation for Economic Co-operation's Base
Erosion and Profit Shifting recommendations and action plan, which aim to standardize and modernize global corporate tax policy, with changes to cross-border tax, transfer-pricing documentation rules,
and nexus-based tax incentive practices. As a result of the heightened scrutiny of corporate taxation policies, prior decisions by tax authorities regarding treatments and positions of corporate
income taxes could be subject to enforcement activities or legislative investigation and inquiry, which could also result in changes in tax
policies or prior tax rulings. Any such changes in policies or rulings may also result in the taxes we previously paid being subject to change.  

         Due
to the large scale of our international business activities, any substantial change in international corporate tax policies, enforcement activities or legislative initiatives could
have a material adverse effect on the amount of taxes we are required to pay and our business generally.  

 


 


Our inability to secure or sustain certain tax benefits in a foreign jurisdiction could materially adversely
affect our business.   

         Our effective tax rate reflected benefits from concessionary tax rates in foreign jurisdictions. Due to a foreign tax law change, one of the
concessionary tax rates that historically provided a 5% to 6% effective tax rate benefit is in a phase-out period. To mitigate the permanent loss of this benefit, we executed a discrete foreign tax
planning action in the fourth quarter of 2018 that ended this historical benefit, but enabled our pursuit of other potential tax planning opportunities. If successful, this action may substantially
replace the expiring benefits once fully implemented. We are unable to determine the ultimate success of this action, and our inability to effectuate this tax planning strategy could materially
adversely affect our business.  

 


 


The amount of various taxes we pay is subject to ongoing compliance requirements and audits by federal, state
and foreign tax authorities.   

         We are subject to regular examinations of our income tax returns by various tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of material
adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to  

 11 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 determine
the adequacy of our provision for taxes. In addition, tax enforcement has become increasingly aggressive in recent years, including continued actions by the European Commission related to
illegal state aid, with increased focus on transfer pricing and intercompany documentation. Our estimate of the potential outcome of uncertain tax issues requires significant judgment and is
subject to our assessment of relevant risks, facts, and circumstances existing at the time. We use these assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and other tax-related
accounts. Our results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved, which may materially adversely impact our
effective tax rate and have a material adverse effect on our business.  

 


 


We have deferred tax assets that we may not be able to realize under certain circumstances.   

         If we are unable to generate sufficient taxable income in certain jurisdictions, or if there is a significant change in the time period within
which the underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible, we could be required to increase our valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. This would result in an increase in
our effective tax rate and could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. In addition, changes in statutory tax rates may change our deferred tax asset or liability balances, with
either a favorable or unfavorable impact on our effective tax rate. A significant portion of our net operating loss carryforwards is concentrated in Luxembourg; decreases in the statutory tax rate in
Luxembourg could materially adversely affect our effective tax rate. The computation and assessment of the realizability of our deferred tax assets may also be materially impacted by new legislation
or regulations.  

 


 


Significant disruption to the information technology infrastructure that stores our information could
materially adversely affect our business.   

         We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of a large and complex information technology infrastructure to link our global business.
Like other information technology systems, ours is susceptible to a number of risks including, but not limited to, damage or interruptions resulting from obsolescence, natural disasters, power
failures, human error, viruses, social engineering, phishing, ransomware or other malicious attacks and data security breaches. We upgrade and install new systems, which, if installed or programmed
incorrectly or on a delayed timeframe, could cause delays or cancellations of customer orders, impede the manufacture or shipment of products, or disrupt the processing of transactions. For example,
we are in the process of investing in information technology to upgrade the systems in both our LGM North America business and RBIS segment to drive business efficiency and supply chain productivity.
Processes affected by these implementations include, among other things, order management, pricing, shipping, purchasing, general accounting and planning. We have implemented measures to mitigate our
risk related to system and network disruptions, but if a disruption were to occur, we could incur significant losses and remediation costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Additionally, we rely on services provided by third-party vendors for certain information technology processes, which makes our operations vulnerable to a failure by any one of these vendors to
perform adequately or maintain effective internal controls.  

 


 


Security breaches could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which could cause our business
and reputation to suffer .  

         We
maintain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form, which is stored in data centers and on our networks and third-party cloud services, including
confidential and proprietary information as well as personal information regarding our customers and employees. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations. Data
maintained in digital form is subject to the risk of intrusion, tampering and theft. We develop and maintain systems to prevent this from occurring, but the development and maintenance of these
systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and  

 12 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 updating
as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated. Moreover, despite our efforts, the possibility of intrusion, tampering and theft cannot be
eliminated entirely. Our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Additionally, we provide
confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties when it is necessary to pursue business objectives. While we obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this
information and, where appropriate, assess the protections employed by these third parties, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held by third parties may be compromised.  

         Any
such breach or attack could compromise our network, the network of a third party to whom we have disclosed confidential, proprietary or personal information, a data center where we
have stored such information or a third-party cloud service provider, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss
of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, impair our ability to conduct business, or result in the loss or diminished value of
profitable opportunities and the loss of revenue as a result of unlicensed use of our intellectual property. Contractual provisions with third parties, including cloud service providers, may limit our
ability to recover these losses. If personal information of our customers or employees were misappropriated, our reputation with our customers and employees could be injured, resulting in loss of
business or decline in morale, and we could incur costs to compensate our customers or employees or pay damages or fines as a result of litigation or regulatory actions arising out of any such
incident. Data privacy legislation and regulation have been increasing in recent years – including, for example, the General Data Protection Regulation in the EU, the Cyber Security
Law in China, the General Data Protection Law in Brazil and the state of California's Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 – and although we take reasonable efforts to comply with all
applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to regulatory action in the event of an incident.  

         From
time to time, we have experienced unauthorized intrusions into our network, and although these intrusions did not have a material adverse effect on our business, this may not be the
case in the future. We have taken many steps to improve the security of our networks and computer systems, including conducting user education and phishing exercises to protect against social
engineering and inadvertent or intentional disclosure of data; implementing multi-factor authentication and advanced malware detection measures; upgrading legacy information technology systems;
establishing a data loss prevention framework to better identify and protect our critical data; conducting third party penetration testing to assess the effectiveness of our cybersecurity, network and
site access controls; and improving our capabilities based on publicized incidents experienced by other companies, as well as ones that we have experienced despite their minimal operational or
financial impact to date. We regularly review the effectiveness of our cybersecurity preparedness program using a dashboard of key performance indicators. Despite these and other mitigation efforts,
there can be no assurance that we are adequately protecting our information, that third parties to whom we have disclosed such information or with whom we have stored such information (in data centers
and on the cloud) are taking similar precautions, or that we will not continue to experience future intrusions.  

 


 


For us to remain competitive, it is important to recruit and retain our key management and highly-skilled
employees. We also utilize various outsourcing arrangements for certain services, and related delays, resource availability, or errors by these service providers may lead to increased costs or
disruption in our business.   

         There is significant competition to recruit and retain key management and highly-skilled employees. In particular, due to expansion to
additional geographies and our ongoing productivity efforts and recent employee restructuring actions, it may be difficult for us to recruit and retain sufficient numbers of highly-skilled employees.
We may also be unable to recruit and retain key management and highly-skilled employees if we do not offer market-competitive employment and compensation terms. If we fail to recruit or retain our key
management or sufficient numbers of highly-skilled employees, we could experience  

 13 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 disruption
in our businesses and difficulties managing our operations and implementing our business strategy.  

         Executive
succession planning is also important to our long-term success. We experienced several recent key management changes, including promotions of long-serving and experienced
leaders to the positions of Chief Executive Officer in 2016 and Chief Financial Officer in 2017, as well as the departure of the Vice President/General Manager of our IHM segment in 2018. While we
believe we have appropriate leadership development programs and succession plans in place, any failure to ensure
effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving our key management or other highly-skilled employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution.  

         In
addition, we have outsourced certain services to third-party service providers, and may outsource other services in the future to achieve cost savings and operating efficiencies.
Service provider delays, resource availability, business issues or errors may disrupt our businesses and/or increase costs. If we do not effectively develop, implement and manage outsourcing
relationships, if third-party providers do not perform effectively or in a timely manner, or if we experience problems with transitioning work to a third party, we may not be able to achieve our
expected cost savings, and may experience delays or incur additional costs to correct errors made by these service providers.  

 


 


We have various non-U.S. collective labor arrangements, which make us subject to potential work stoppages,
union and works council campaigns and other labor disputes, any of which could adversely impact our business.   

         Work interruptions or stoppages could significantly impact the volume of products we have available for sale. In addition, collective bargaining
agreements, union contracts and labor laws may impair our ability to reduce labor costs by closing or downsizing manufacturing facilities because of limitations on personnel and salary changes and
similar restrictions. A work stoppage at one or more of our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, if any of our customers were to experience a work stoppage,
that customer may halt or limit purchases of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Similarly, if any of our suppliers were to experience a work stoppage, they could
halt or limit supplies of products necessary for business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.  

 


 


Our stock price may be volatile, which, among other things, could cause our tax rate to vary significantly.   

         Changes in our stock price may affect our access to, or cost of financing from, capital markets and may affect our stock-based compensation
arrangements, among other things. Our stock price, which experienced a decline in 2018, and may in the future experience substantial volatility, is influenced by changes in the overall stock market
and demand for equity securities in general. Other factors, including our financial performance on a standalone basis and relative to our peers and competitors, as well as market expectations of our
performance, the level of perceived growth of our industries, and other company-specific factors, can also materially adversely affect our stock price. There can be no assurance that our stock price
will not be volatile in the future.  

         In
any period in which our stock price is higher than the grant price of the stock-based compensation vesting or being exercised in that period, we are required to recognize excess tax
benefits that would decrease our effective tax rate. Conversely, if our stock price is lower than the grant price of the stock-based compensation vesting or being exercised in that period, we are
required to recognize tax charges that would increase our effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2018 reflected an approximately 1.4% decrease as a result of the excess tax
benefits we recognized on stock-based compensation during the year. This tax effect is dependent on our stock price and there can be no assurance that we will recognize similar levels of excess tax
benefits in future years.  

 14 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


If our indebtedness increases significantly or our credit ratings are downgraded, we may have difficulty
obtaining acceptable short- and long-term financing.   

         At December 29, 2018, we had approximately $1.97 billion of debt, including the $500 million of senior notes we issued in
December 2018. Our overall level of indebtedness and credit ratings are significant factors in our ability to obtain short- and long-term financing. Higher debt levels could negatively impact our
ability to meet other business needs and could result in higher financing costs. The credit ratings assigned to us also impact the interest rates paid. A downgrade of our short-term credit ratings
could impact our ability to access the commercial paper markets and increase our borrowing costs. If our access to commercial paper markets were to become limited and we were required to obtain
short-term funding under our revolving credit facility or our other credit facilities, we would face increased exposure to variable interest rates.  

 


 


An increase in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business.   

         In 2018, our average variable-rate borrowings were approximately $453 million. Increases in short-term interest rates would directly
impact the amount of interest we pay. Fluctuations in interest rates can increase borrowing costs and have a material adverse effect on our business.  


         In
response to the last global economic recession, extraordinary monetary policy actions of the U.S. Federal Reserve and other central banking institutions, including the utilization of
quantitative easing, were taken to create and maintain a low interest rate environment. However, over the past few years,
the U.S. Federal Reserve has raised its benchmark interest rate, now between 2.25% and 2.5%, at times indicating that additional increases in 2019 could occur, which may result in significantly higher
long-term interest rates. Such a transition may, among other things, reduce the availability and/or increase the costs of obtaining new debt and refinancing existing indebtedness, and negatively
impact our stock price.  

 


 


Our current and future debt covenants may limit our flexibility.   

         Our credit facilities and the indentures governing our notes contain, and any of our future indebtedness likely would contain, restrictive
covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on us. Among other things, these covenants restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, incur certain liens on our assets, make
certain investments, sell our assets or merge with third parties, and enter into certain transactions. We are also required to maintain specified financial ratios under certain conditions. These
restrictive covenants and ratios in our existing debt agreements and any future financing agreements may limit or prohibit us from engaging in certain activities and transactions that may be in our
long-term best interests and could place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors, which could materially adversely affect our business.  

 


 


Our pension assets are significant and subject to market, interest and credit risk that may reduce their
value.   

         Changes in the value of our pension assets could materially adversely affect our earnings and cash flows. In particular, the value of our
investments may decline due to increases in interest rates or volatility in the financial markets. In addition, we may take actions to reduce the financial volatility associated with our pension
liabilities, which could result in charges in the nearer term. In 2016, we incurred approximately $41 million in non-cash charges in connection with the lump-sum settlement of certain pension
obligations to terminated vested employees in our U.S. pension plan, which reduced our pension liability by approximately $70 million. In September 2018, we terminated our U.S. pension plan. In
connection with the termination, we contributed $200 million to the plan in August 2018 using U.S. commercial paper borrowings. During the fourth quarter of 2018, we settled approximately
$152 million of our U.S. pension plan liability through lump-sum payments from existing plan assets to eligible participants who elected to receive them and recorded approximately
$85 million of non-cash charges associated with these settlements. We expect to settle the remaining liability of approximately $792 million through the purchase  

 15 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 of
a group annuity contract(s) from one or more yet-to-be-identified highly rated insurance companies in the first half of 2019. See Note 6, "Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits," in the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in our 2018 Annual Report.  


         Our
investment management of our U.S. pension plan assets utilizes a liability driven investment (LDI) strategy. Under an LDI strategy, the assets are invested in a diversified portfolio
that consists primarily of investment grade fixed income securities and cash. This strategy is intended to more closely match the liabilities of the plan. The investment objective of the portfolio is
to improve the funded status of the plan; as funded status reaches certain trigger points, the portfolio moves to a more conservative asset allocation, hedging more of the interest rate risk of the
plan's liabilities. The investment portfolio is designed to hedge the plan's liabilities and balance risk and return within the limits of prudent risk-taking and Section 404 of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  

         We
continue to evaluate options to better manage the volatility associated with our pension liabilities. Although we mitigate these risks by investing in high quality securities,
ensuring adequate diversification of our investment portfolio and monitoring our portfolio's overall risk profile, the value of our investments may nevertheless decline.  

 


 


The level of returns on our pension and postretirement plan assets and the actuarial assumptions used for
valuation purposes could affect our earnings and cash flows in future periods. Changes in accounting standards and government regulations could also affect our pension and postretirement plan expense
and funding requirements.   

         We evaluate the assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets for our pension plan and other
postretirement benefit plans in consultation with outside actuaries. In the event that we were to determine that changes were warranted in the assumptions used, such as the discount rate, expected
long-term rate of return, or mortality rates, our pension and projected postretirement benefit expenses and funding requirements could increase or decrease. Because of changing market conditions or
changes in the participant population, the actuarial assumptions that we use may differ from actual results, which could have a significant impact on our pension and postretirement liability and
related costs. Funding obligations for each plan are determined based on the value of assets and liabilities on a specific date as required under applicable government regulations. Our pension funding
requirements, and the timing of funding payments, could also be affected by future legislation or regulation.  

 


 


An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill could negatively impact our results of operations and net
worth.   

         Goodwill is initially recorded at fair value and not amortized, but is reviewed for impairment annually (or more frequently if impairment
indicators are present). As of December 29, 2018, the carrying value of our goodwill was $941.8 million. We review goodwill for impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit
to its carrying value. In assessing fair value, we make estimates and assumptions about sales, operating margins, growth rates, and discount rates based on our business plans, economic projections,
anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management's judgment in applying these factors. Goodwill valuations have been
calculated primarily using an income approach based on the present value of projected future cash flows of each reporting unit. We could be required to evaluate the carrying value of goodwill prior to
the annual assessment if we experience disruptions to our business, unexpected significant declines in operating results, divestiture of a significant component of our business or sustained market
capitalization declines. These types of events could result in goodwill impairment charges in the future. Impairment charges could substantially affect our business in the periods in which they are
made.  

 16 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Unfavorable developments in legal proceedings, investigations and other legal, environmental, compliance and
regulatory matters, could impact us in a materially adverse manner.   

         There can be no assurance that any outcome of any litigation, investigation or other legal, environmental, compliance and regulatory matter will
be favorable. Our financial results could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable outcome to pending or future litigation and investigations, and other legal, environmental, compliance and
regulatory matters. See "Legal Proceedings" (Part I, Item 3).  

 


 


We are required to comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various
international jurisdictions, and our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business.   


         We are required to comply with the anti-corruption laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various international jurisdictions, such as
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK's Bribery Act of 2010. If we fail to comply with anti-corruption laws, we could be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including
regulatory fines, monetary damages and incarceration for responsible employees and managers. In addition, if our distributors or agents fail to comply with these laws, we may also be materially
adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties.  


 


 


We are required to comply with environmental, health, and safety laws at our operations around the world. The
costs of complying with these laws could materially adversely affect our business.   

         We are subject to national, state, provincial and/or local environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad,
including those related to the disposal of hazardous waste from our manufacturing processes. These laws are often unclear and subject to the discretion of the enforcing authorities. Compliance with
existing and future environmental, health and safety laws could subject us to fees, penalties, costs or liabilities, impact our production capabilities, limit our ability to sell, expand or acquire
facilities, and have a material adverse effect on our business. Environmental and product content and product safety laws and regulations can be complex, change often, and be open to different
interpretations. In addition, we could be materially and adversely impacted by any environmental or product safety enforcement action affecting our suppliers, particularly in emerging markets.  

         We
have accrued liabilities for the environmental clean-up of certain sites, including the thirteen sites for which U.S. governmental agencies have designated us as a potentially
responsible party as of our 2018 fiscal year-end, where it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the cost or amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. See "Legal Proceedings" (Part I,
Item 3). However, because of the uncertainties associated with environmental assessment and remediation activities, the actual expense to remediate currently identified sites and other sites
that could be identified for cleanup in the future could be higher than the liabilities accrued.  

 


 


We are subject to governmental export and import control laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which
we do business that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in these markets.   

         Export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the shipment of some of our products to embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments and
persons. While we train our employees to comply with these regulations, use third party screening software, and take other measures, we cannot guarantee that a violation will not occur. A prohibited
shipment could have negative consequences, including government investigations, penalties, fines, civil and criminal sanctions and reputational harm. Any change in export or import regulations,
economic sanctions or related legislation, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations,
could decrease our ability to export or sell our products internationally. Any limitation on our ability to export or sell our products could materially adversely affect our business.  

 17 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Some
of our products are subject to export control laws and regulations and may be exported only with an export license or through an applicable export license exception. If we fail to
comply with export licensing, customs regulations, economic sanctions or other laws, we could be subject to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including economic sanctions against us,
incarceration for responsible employees and managers, and the possible loss of export or import privileges. In addition, if our distributors fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export
licenses or permits, we may also be materially adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties. Obtaining the necessary export license for a particular sale may be time consuming and
expensive and could result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities.  

 


 


Infringing intellectual property rights of third parties or inadequately acquiring or protecting our
intellectual property could harm our ability to compete or grow.   

         Because our products involve complex technology and chemistry, we are involved from time to time in litigation involving patents and other
intellectual property. Parties have filed, and in the future may file, claims against us alleging that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. If we were held liable for infringement, we
could be required to pay damages, obtain licenses or cease making or selling certain products. There can be no assurance that licenses would be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
The defense of these claims, whether or not meritorious, or
the development of new technologies could cause us to incur significant costs and divert the attention of management.  

         We
also have valuable intellectual property upon which third parties may infringe. We attempt to protect and restrict access to our intellectual property and proprietary information by
relying on the patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws of the U.S. and other countries, as well as non-disclosure agreements. However, it may be possible for a third party to obtain our
information without our authorization, independently develop similar technologies, or breach a non-disclosure agreement entered into with us. In addition, many of the countries in which we operate do
not have intellectual property laws that protect proprietary rights as fully as do laws in the U.S. The use of our intellectual property by someone else without our authorization could reduce or
eliminate certain competitive advantages we have, cause us to lose sales or otherwise harm our business. Further, the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights could materially
adversely impact our business.  

         We
have obtained and applied for U.S. and foreign trademark registrations and patents, and will continue to evaluate whether to register additional trademarks and apply for additional
patents. We cannot guarantee that any of the pending applications will be approved by the applicable governmental authorities. Further, we cannot assure that the validity of our patents or our
trademarks will not be challenged. In addition, third parties may be able to develop competing products using technology that avoids our patents.  

 


 


We are subject to risks associated with the availability and coverage of various types of insurance.   

         We have various types of insurance, including property, workers' compensation, general and excess liability, and environmental liability.
Insurance costs can be unpredictable and may materially adversely impact our business. We retain some portion of our insurable risks, and therefore, unforeseen or catastrophic losses in excess of
insured limits could have a material adverse effect on our business.   

   
       Item 1B.        UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS          

         None.  

 18 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

   
       Item 2.        PROPERTIES          


         As of December 29, 2018, we operated manufacturing facilities in excess of 100,000 square feet in the locations listed below.  

 


 


LGM Segment   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Domestic 
   
 


 


 Peachtree City, Georgia; Fort Wayne, Greenfield, and Lowell, Indiana; Fairport Harbor, Mentor, and Painesville, Ohio; Mill Hall and Quakertown, Pennsylvania 
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   


 


 Soignies, Belgium; Vinhedo, Brazil; Guangzhou and Kunshan, China; Champ-sur-Drac, France; Gotha and Schwelm, Germany; Pune, India; Kibbutz Hanita, Israel; Rodange, Luxembourg; Bangi, Malaysia; and Cramlington, United Kingdom 
 
 
 
  
  



 


RBIS Segment   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Domestic 
   
 Miamisburg, Ohio 
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   Nansha, Panyu, and Suzhou, China; Bufalo, Honduras; Ancarano, Italy; and Long An Province, Vietnam 
 
 
 
  
  



 


IHM Segment   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Domestic 
   
 Painesville, Ohio 
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   Turnhout, Belgium and Kunshan, Shanghai and Zhuozhou, China 
 
 
 
  
          In
addition to the manufacturing facilities described above, our other principal facilities include our corporate headquarters in Glendale, California and our divisional offices located
in Mentor, Ohio; Hong Kong and Kunshan, China; and Oegstgeest, the Netherlands.  

         We
own all of the principal properties identified above, except for the facilities in the following locations, which are leased: Glendale, California; Hong Kong, Panyu and Zhuozhou,
China; Bufalo, Honduras; Kibbutz Hanita, Israel; Mentor, Ohio; and Oegstgeest, the Netherlands.  


         We
consider all our properties, whether owned or leased, suitable and adequate for our present needs. We generally expand production capacity as needed to meet increased demand. Owned
buildings and plant equipment are insured against major losses from fire and other usual business risks, subject to deductibles. We are not aware of any material defects in title to, or significant
encumbrances on, our properties, except for certain mortgage liens.   

   
       Item 3.        LEGAL PROCEEDINGS          


         As of December 29, 2018, we have been designated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") and/or other responsible state
agencies as a potentially responsible party ("PRP") at thirteen waste disposal or waste recycling sites that are the subject of separate investigations or proceedings concerning alleged soil and/or
groundwater contamination. No settlement of our liability related to any of the sites has been agreed upon. We are participating with other PRPs at these sites and anticipate that our share of
remediation costs will be determined pursuant to agreements that we negotiate with the EPA or other governmental authorities.  

         We
have accrued liabilities for sites where it is probable that a loss or cost will be incurred and the amount of loss or cost can be reasonably estimated. These estimates could change
as a result of changes in planned remedial actions, remediation technologies, site conditions, the estimated time to complete remediation, environmental laws and regulations, and other factors.
Because of the uncertainties  

 19 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 associated
with environmental assessment and remediation activities, future expenses to remediate these sites could be higher than the liabilities we have accrued; however, we are unable to reasonably
estimate a range of potential expenses. If information were to become available that allowed us to reasonably estimate a range of potential expenses in an amount higher or lower than what we have
accrued, we would adjust our environmental liabilities accordingly. In addition, we may be identified as a PRP at additional sites in the future. The range of expenses for remediation of any
future-identified sites would be addressed as they arise; until then, a range of expenses for such remediation cannot be determined.  

         As
of December 29, 2018, our accrued liability associated with environmental remediation was $20 million.  

         In
addition, we are involved in various lawsuits, claims, inquiries, and other regulatory and compliance matters, most of which are routine to the nature of our business. We have accrued
liabilities for matters where it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Because of the uncertainties associated with claims resolution and
litigation, future expenses to resolve these matters could be higher than the liabilities we have accrued; however, we are unable to reasonably estimate a range of potential expenses. If information
were to become available that allowed us to reasonably estimate a range of potential expenses in an amount higher or lower than what we have accrued, we would adjust our accrued liabilities
accordingly. Additional lawsuits, claims, inquiries, and other regulatory and compliance matters could arise in the future. The range of expenses for resolving any future matters would be assessed as
they arise; until then, a range of potential expenses for such resolution cannot be determined. Based upon current information, we believe that the impact of the resolution of these matters would not
be, individually or in the aggregate, material to our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

         See
Note 8, "Contingencies," in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in our 2018 Annual Report for more information, which is incorporated herein by reference.  

   
       Item 4.        MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES          

         Not applicable.  

 20 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 
  

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART II          

   
       Item 5.        MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES          

 
 (a) Our
common stock is listed under the ticker symbol "AVY" on the New York Stock Exchange. We did not sell any unregistered securities during the fourth quarter of
2018.
 (b) Not
applicable.
 (c) Repurchases
of Equity Securities by Issuer  

         Repurchases
by us or our "affiliated purchasers" (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) of the Exchange Act) of registered equity securities in the three fiscal months of the fourth
quarter of 2018 are listed in the table below. Repurchased shares may be reissued under our long-term incentive plan or used for other corporate purposes.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Period (1) 
   
 Total number of 
shares 
purchased (2) 
   
 Average price 
paid per 
share 
   
 Total number of 
shares purchased 
as part of publicly 
announced 
plans (2)(3) 
   
 Approximate dollar 
value of shares that 
may yet be purchased 
under the plans (4) 
 
 
   
 
 
   September 30, 2018 – October 27, 2018 
   
 318.9 
   
 $100.72 
   
 318.9 
   
   
 
 
   October 28, 2018 – November 24, 2018 
   
 1,023.2 
   
 91.62 
   
 1,023.2 
   
   
 
 
   November 25, 2018 – December 29, 2018 
   
 1,004.0 
   
 91.61 
   
 1,004.0 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
   Total 
   
 2,346.1 
   
 $92.85 
   
 2,346.1 
   
 $232.4 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 (1) The
periods shown are our fiscal periods during the thirteen-week quarter ended December 29, 2018.   (2) Shares
in thousands.   (3) In
April 2017, our Board authorized the repurchase of additional shares of our common stock with a fair market value of up to $650 million,
exclusive of any fees, commissions or other expenses related to such purchases. The Board authorization will remain in effect until shares in the amount authorized thereunder have been repurchased.  (4)
 Dollars
in millions.  
  
    
       Item 6.        SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA          


         Selected financial data for each of our last five fiscal years appears under "Five-year Summary" in our 2018 Annual Report and is incorporated
herein by reference.   

   
       Item 7.        MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS          

         The information called for by this Item appears under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in
our 2018 Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference.   

   
       Item 7A.        QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK          

         The information called for by this Item is contained under "Market-Sensitive Instruments and Risk Management" in "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our 2018 Annual Report and incorporated herein by reference.   


   
       Item 8.        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA          

         The information called for by this Item is contained in our 2018 Annual Report (including the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes
thereto, Statement of Management Responsibility for Financial Statements and Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, and the Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm) and incorporated herein by reference.  

 21 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
       Item 9.        CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE          


         None.   

   
       Item 9A.        CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES          

          Disclosure Controls and Procedures.     As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the
supervision and with
the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer as appropriate, to allow for
timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

          Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.     We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over
financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in  Internal
Control – Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, our
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 29, 2018. (See Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting contained in
our 2018 Annual Report, which is incorporated herein by reference.)  

         Management's
assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2018 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an
independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm contained in our 2018 Annual Report, which is also incorporated herein by
reference.  

          Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.     We periodically assess our internal control environment. We are in the process of
investing in
information technology to upgrade the systems in our RBIS and LGM segments. Processes affected by these implementations include, among other things, order management, pricing, shipping, purchasing,
general accounting and planning. Where appropriate, we are reviewing related internal controls and making changes.  

         Other
than the system implementation referenced above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   


   
       Item 9B.        OTHER INFORMATION          

         None.  

 22 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

   
   
   PART III          

   
       Item 10.        DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE          

         The information concerning directors and corporate governance called for by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the definitive
proxy statement for our Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 25, 2019 (our "2018 Proxy Statement"), which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within
120 days of the end of the fiscal year covered by this report. The information concerning executive officers called for by this Item appears, in part, on the next page of this report, and is
also incorporated by reference from our 2019 Proxy Statement. The information concerning any late filings under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated by reference from our 2019
Proxy Statement.  

         We
have adopted a Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers (the "Code"), which applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and
Controller/Chief Accounting Officer. The Code is available on our investor website at www.investors.averydennison.com. We will satisfy the disclosure requirements of Item 5.05 of
Form 8-K regarding any amendment to, or waiver of, any provision of the Code that applies to these officers by disclosing the nature of any such amendment or waiver on our website or in a
Current Report on Form 8-K. Our Code of Conduct, which applies to our directors, officers and employees, is also available on our investor website. Our website address is not intended to
function as a hyperlink, and the contents of the website are not a part of this Form 10-K, nor are they incorporated herein by reference.  


         The
information called for by this Item concerning our Audit and Finance Committee is incorporated by reference from our 2019 Proxy Statement.  

 23 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 
  

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF AVERY DENNISON (1)      
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Name and Position  
   
 Age  
   
 Served as 
Executive Officer 
since  
   
 Former Positions within Past Five Years/ 
Officer Positions with Avery Dennison  
 
 
   


 


 Mitchell R. Butier 
   
 47 
   
 March 2007 
   
 2015-2016 
   
 President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 
   


 


 President and 
   
   
   
   
   
 2014-2015 
   
 President, Chief Operating Officer and 
 
 
   


 


 Chief Executive Officer 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
   


 


 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 2010-2014 
   
 Senior Vice President and 
 
 
   


 


 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
   


 


 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 2007-2010 
   
 Vice President, Global Finance and 
 
 
   


 


 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 
   


 


 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 2004-2006 
   
 Vice President, Finance, Retail Branding 
 
 
   


 


 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 and Information Solutions 
 
 
   Gregory S. Lovins 
   
   46 
   
   March 2017 
   
   2017 
   
   Vice President and Interim Chief 
 
 
   Senior Vice President and 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Financial Officer 
 
 
   Chief Financial Officer 
   
   
   
   
   
 2016-2017 
   
 Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 2011-2016 
   
 Vice President, Global Finance, 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Materials Group 
 
 
   



 


 Lori J. Bondar 
   
   58 
   
   June 2010 
   
   2008-2010 
   
   Vice President and Controller 
 
 
   


 


 Vice President, Controller and 
Chief Accounting Officer 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Georges Gravanis 
   
   61 
   
   May 2015 
   
   2015-2016 
   
   President, Materials Group 
 
 
   President, 
   
   
   
   
   
 2010-2015 
   
 Vice President and General Manager, 
 
 
   Label and Graphic Materials 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Materials Group Asia Pacific 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 2006-2010 
   
 Vice President of Sales, 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Roll Materials Europe 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 2004-2006 
   
 Vice President and General Manager, 
Roll Materials Europe Southern Region 
 
 
   


 


 Anne Hill 
   
   59 
   
   May 2007 
   
   N/A 
   
   N/A 
 
 
   


 


 Senior Vice President and 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Susan C. Miller 
   
   59 
   
   March 2008 
   
   2008-2009 
   
   Senior Vice President and 
 
 
   Senior Vice President, 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 General Counsel 
 
 
   General Counsel and Secretary 
   
   
   
   
   
 2007-2008 
   
 Vice President and General Counsel 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 1998-2006 
   
 Assistant General Counsel 
 
 
   


 


 Deon Stander 
   
   50 
   
   August 2016 
   
   2013-2015 
   
   Vice President and General Manager, 
 
 
   


 


 Vice President and 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Global Commercial and Innovation, RBIS 
 
 
   


 


 General Manager, 
   
   
   
   
   
 2010-2012 
   
 Vice President and General Manager, 
 
 
   


 


 Retail Branding and 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Global Commercial RBIS 
 
 
   


 


 Information Solutions 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Officers
are generally elected on the date of our annual stockholder meeting to serve a one-year term and until their successors are duly elected and
qualified.  
  
  24 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
       Item 11.        EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION          


         The information called for by this Item is incorporated by reference from our 2019 Proxy Statement.   

   
       Item 12.        SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS          

         The information called for by this Item is incorporated by reference from our 2019 Proxy Statement.   


   
       Item 13.        CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE          

         The information called for by this Item is incorporated by reference from our 2019 Proxy Statement.   

   
       Item 14.        PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES          


         The information called for by this Item is incorporated by reference from our 2019 Proxy Statement.  

 25 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
   
   PART IV          

   
       Item 15.        EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES          

         (a)   Financial
Statements, Financial Statement Schedule and Exhibits   

 
 
 
 (1) Financial
statements filed as part of this report are listed on the accompanying Index to Financial Statements.
 (2) All
financial statement schedules are omitted since the required information is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the
schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.
 (3) Exhibits
filed as a part of this report are listed on the accompanying Exhibit Index. Each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be
filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K is identified as such on the Exhibit Index and incorporated herein by reference.  
 
 

         (b)   The
exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are set forth on the following Exhibit Index and incorporated herein by reference.  

   
       Item 16.        FORM 10-K SUMMARY          

         None.  

 26 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 
  

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   AVERY DENNISON CORPORATION        INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
         Data incorporated by reference from the attached portions of the 2018 Annual Report to Shareholders of Avery Dennison Corporation: 
   
 


 


  
 
 
   Consolidated Financial Statements: 
   
   
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 29, 2018 and December 30, 2017 
   
   
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Income for 2018, 2017 and 2016 
   
   
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for 2018, 2017 and 2016 
   
   
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for 2018, 2017 and 2016 
   
   
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for 2018, 2017 and 2016 
   
   
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
   
 
 
   Statement of Management Responsibility for Financial Statements and Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 
   
   
 
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Except
for the Consolidated Financial Statements, Statement of Management Responsibility for Financial Statements, Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm listed above, and certain information referred to in Items 1, 5, 6, 7, and 7A of this report that is expressly incorporated herein by
reference, our 2018 Annual Report to Shareholders is not to be deemed "filed" as part of this report.  

 27 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 
  

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   AVERY DENNISON CORPORATION        EXHIBIT INDEX        For the Year Ended December 29, 2018          
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit No.

 

  
   
 Exhibit Name  
   
 Originally 
Filed as 
Exhibit No.  
   
 Filing (1)   
 
 
 3.1(i) 
   
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as filed on April 28, 2011 with the Office of Delaware Secretary of
State 
   
 3.1 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 29, 2011 
 
 
 3.1(ii) 
   
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective as of December 7, 2017 
   
 3.1(ii) 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 8, 2017 
 
 
 4.1 
   
 Indenture, dated as of March 15, 1991, between Registrant and Security Pacific National Bank, as Trustee (the "1991 Indenture") 
   
 4.1 
   
 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-39491), filed March 19, 1991 
 
 
 4.2 
   
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 16, 1993, between Registrant and BankAmerica National Trust Company, as successor Trustee (the "Supplemental Indenture") 
   
 4.4 
   
 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-59642), filed March 17, 1993 
 
 
 4.3 
   
 Officers' Certificate establishing a series of Securities entitled "Medium-Term Notes, Series C" under the 1991 Indenture, as
amended by the Supplemental Indenture 
   
 4.1 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 12, 1995 
 
 
 4.4 
   
 Officers' Certificate establishing a series of Securities entitled "Medium-Term Notes, Series D" under the 1991 Indenture, as
amended by the Supplemental Indenture 
   
 4.1 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 16, 1996 
 
 
 4.5 
   
 Indenture, dated as of July 3, 2001, between Registrant and Chase Manhattan Bank and Trust Company, National Association,
as trustee ("2001 Indenture") 
   
 4.1 
   
 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-64558), filed July 3, 2001 
 
 
 4.6 
   
 Officers' Certificate establishing Securities entitled "6.000% Notes due 2033" under the 2001 Indenture 
   
 4.2 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 16, 2003 
 
 
 4.7 
   
 6.000% Notes Due 2033 
   
 4.4 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 16, 2003 
 
 
 
  
  28 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit No.

 

  
   
 Exhibit Name  
   
 Originally 
Filed as 
Exhibit No.  
   
 Filing (1)   
 
 
 4.8 
   
 Indenture, dated as of September 25, 2007, among Avery Dennison Office Products Company ("ADOPC"), Registrant and The Bank of
New York Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee ("Bank of NY") 
   
 99.1 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 1, 2007 
 
 
 4.9 
   
 Form of 6.625% Guaranteed Notes due 2017 
   
 99.1 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 1, 2007 
 
 
 4.10 
   
 Indenture, dated as of November 20, 2007, between Registrant and Bank of NY 
   
 4.2 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 20, 2007 
 
 
 4.11 
   
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 20, 2007, between Registrant and Bank of NY 
   
 4.3 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 20, 2007 
 
 
 4.12 
   
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 13, 2010, between Registrant and Bank of NY 
   
 4.2 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 13, 2010 
 
 
 4.13 
   
 Form of 5.375% Senior Notes due 2020 
   
 4.2 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 13, 2010 
 
 
 4.14 
   
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 8, 2013, between Registrant and Bank of NY 
   
 4.2 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 8, 2013 
 
 
 4.15 
   
 Form of 3.35% Senior Notes due 2023 
   
 4.2 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 8, 2013 
 
 
 4.16 
   
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 3, 2017, between Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company, N.A. ("BNY Mellon") as Trustee (including Form of 1.250% Senior Notes due 2025 on Exhibit A thereto) 
   
 4.2 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 3, 2017 
 
 
 4.17 
   
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2018, between Registrant and BNY Melon, as Trustee (including
Form of 4.875% Senior Notes due 2028 on Exhibit A thereto) 
   
 4.2 
   
 Current report on Form 8-K, filed December 6, 2018 
 
 
 10.1 
   
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2008, among ADOPC, Registrant, Bank of America, N.A. and
Banc of America Securities LLC and JP Morgan Securities Inc. ("ADOPC Credit Agreement") 
   
 10.1 
   
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 7, 2008 
 
 
 
  
  29 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit No.

 

  
   
 Exhibit Name  
   
 Originally 
Filed as 
Exhibit No.  
   
 Filing (1)   
 
 
 10.2 
   
 Second Amendment to ADOPC Credit Agreement, dated as of January 23, 2009 
   
 99.4 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 27, 2009 
 
 
 10.3 
   
 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2017, by and among Registrant, Bank of America,
N.A., Citibank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the other lenders party thereto 
   
 10.1 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 9, 2017 
 
 
 10.4* 
   
 Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors 
   
 10.3 
   
 1981 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 29, 1982 
 
 
 10.5* 
   
 Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ("SERP") 
   
 10.11.1 
   
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 12, 2009 
 
 
 10.6* 
   
 Letter of Grant to D.A. Scarborough under SERP 
   
 10.11.2.1 
   
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 12, 2009 
 
 
 10.7* 
   
 Letter Agreement with D.A. Scarborough regarding SERP benefits 
   
 10.11.2.1 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 15, 2010 
 
 
 10.8* 
   
 Complete Restatement and Amendment of Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 
   
 10.12 
   
 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 30, 1995 
 
 
 10.9* 
   
 Amended and Restated Retirement Plan for Directors 
   
 10.13.1 
   
 2002 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 28, 2003 
 
 
 10.10* 
   
 Amended and Restated Director Equity Plan ("Director Plan") 
   
 10.15.1 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 11, 2008 
 
 
 10.11* 
   
 Form of Non-Employee Director Stock Option Agreement under Director Plan 
   
 10.15.1 
   
 2003 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 11, 2004 
 
 
 10.12* 
   
 Complete Restatement and Amendment of Executive Variable Deferred Compensation Plan ("EVDCP") 
   
 10.16 
   
 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 30, 1995 
 
 
 10.13* 
   
 Amendment No. 1 to EVDCP 
   
 10.16.1 
   
 1999 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 30, 2000 
 
 
 10.14* 
   
 Complete Restatement and Amendment of Directors Deferred Compensation Plan 
   
 10.17 
   
 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 30, 1995 
 
 
 10.15* 
   
 Amended and Restated 2005 Directors Variable Deferred Compensation Plan 
   
 10.18.2 
   
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 10, 2011 
 
 
 
  
  30 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit No.

 

  
   
 Exhibit Name  
   
 Originally 
Filed as 
Exhibit No.  
   
 Filing (1)   
 
 
 10.16* 
   
   Amended and Restated Stock Option and Incentive Plan ("Equity Plan") 
   
 A 
   
 2012 Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed March 9, 2012 
 
 
 10.17* 
   
 First Amendment to Equity Plan 
   
 10.20 
   
 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 25, 2015 
 
 
 10.18* 
   
 2017 Incentive Award Plan ("2017 Plan") 
   
 B 
   
 2018 Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed March 10, 2017 
 
 
 10.19* 
   
 Senior Executive Annual Incentive Plan 
   
 A 
   
 2014 Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed March 7, 2014 
 
 
 10.20* 
   
 Annual Incentive Plan 
   
 10.26 
   
 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 25, 2015 
 
 
 10.21* 
   
 Complete Restatement and Amendment of Executive Deferred Retirement Plan ("EDRP") 
   
 10.28 
   
 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 30, 1995 
 
 
 10.22* 
   
 Amendment No. 1 to EDRP 
   
 10.28.1 
   
 1999 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 30, 2000 
 
 
 10.23* 
   
 Amendment No. 2 to EDRP 
   
 10.28.2 
   
 2001 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 4, 2002 
 
 
 10.24* 
   
 2005 Executive Variable Deferred Retirement Plan, amended and restated 
   
 10.1 
   
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 7, 2013 
 
 
 10.25* 
   
 Benefit Restoration Plan, amended and restated ("BRP") 
   
 10.32.1 
   
 Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed December 11, 2008 
 
 
 10.26* 
   
 First Amendment to BRP 
   
 10.32.1 
   
 2010 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 28, 2011 
 
 
 10.27* 
   
 Amended and Restated Capital Accumulation Plan ("CAP") 
   
 10.34 
   
 1999 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 30, 2000 
 
 
 10.28* 
   
 Amendment No. 1 to CAP 
   
 10.34.2 
   
 1999 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 30, 2000 
 
 
 10.29* 
   
 Amended and Restated Key Executive Change of Control Severance Plan 
   
 10.29 
   
 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 21, 2018 
 
 
 10.30* 
   
 Amended and Restated Executive Severance Plan 
   
 10.30 
   
 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 21, 2018 
 
 
 10.31* 
   
 Form of Executive Severance Agreement 
   
 10.31 
   
 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 21, 2018 
 
 
 10.32* 
   
 Long-Term Incentive Unit Plan ("LTI Unit Plan") 
   
 10.43 
   
 2012 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 27, 2013 
 
 
 10.33* 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Equity Plan 
   
 10.38 
   
 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 26, 2014 
 
 
 10.34* 
   
 Form of Performance Unit Agreement under Equity Plan 
   
 10.39 
   
 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 26, 2014 
 
 
 
  
  31 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit No.

 

  
   
 Exhibit Name  
   
 Originally 
Filed as 
Exhibit No.  
   
 Filing (1)   
 
 
 10.35* 
   
 Form of Market-Leveraged Stock Unit Agreement under Equity Plan 
   
 10.40 
   
 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 26, 2014 
 
 
 10.36* 
   
 Form of Long-Term Incentive Unit Agreement under LTI Unit Plan 
   
 10.41 
   
 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 26, 2014 
 
 
 10.37* 
   
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under 2017 Plan 
   
 10.2 
   
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 1, 2017 
 
 
 10.38* 
   
 Form of Employee Market-Leveraged Stock Unit Agreement under 2017 Plan 
   
 10.3 
   
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 1, 2017 
 
 
 10.39* 
   
 Form of Employee Performance Unit Agreement under 2017 Plan 
   
 10.4 
   
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 1, 2017 
 
 
 10.40* 
   
 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under 2017 Plan 
   
 10.5 
   
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 1, 2017 
 
 
 10.41* 
   
 Form of Employee Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under 2017 Plan 
   
 10.6 
   
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 1, 2017 
 
 
 10.42* 
   
 Offer Letter to Georges Gravanis 
   
 10.1 
   
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 5, 2015 
 
 
 10.43* 
   
 Offer Letter to Mitchell R. Butier 
   
 10.2 
   
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 3, 2016 
 
 
 10.44* 
   
 Localization Letter to Georges Gravanis 
   
 10.1 
   
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 2, 2016 
 
 
 10.45* 
   
 Offer Letter to Gregory S. Lovins 
   
 10.1 
   
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 2, 2017 
 
 
 10.46* 
   
 Offer Letter to Gregory S. Lovins 
   
 10.1 
   
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 1, 2017 
 
 
 13† 
   
 Portions of Annual Report to Shareholders for fiscal year ended December 29, 2018 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 21† 
   
 List of Subsidiaries 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 23† 
   
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 24† 
   
 Power of Attorney (see Signatures — Power of Attorney) 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 31.1† 
   
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 31.2† 
   
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 
  
  32 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit No.

 

  
   
 Exhibit Name  
   
 Originally 
Filed as 
Exhibit No.  
   
 Filing (1)   
 
 
 32.1†† 
   
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 32.2†† 
   
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 101INS††† 
   
 XBRL Instance Filing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 101SCH††† 
   
 XBRL Extension Schema Filing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 101CAL††† 
   
 XBRL Extension Calculation Linkbase Filing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 101LAB††† 
   
 XBRL Extension Label Linkbase Filing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 101PRE††† 
   
 XBRL Extension Presentation Linkbase Filing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 101DEF††† 
   
 XBRL Extension Definition Linkbase Filing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Unless
otherwise noted, the File Number for all filings is File No. 1-7685.   * Management
contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K.  † Filed
herewith.   †† This
certification is being furnished solely to accompany this report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of
Section 18 of the Exchange Act and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general
incorporation language in such filing.   ††† Furnished
herewith. Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101
hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of
the Exchange Act and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections.  
  
  33 

 
 
 
 

   

 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 
  

 Table of Contents   

   SIGNATURES   


         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
  AVERY DENNISON CORPORATION 
 
 
 
  
   
  By: 
   
 /s/ 
   
 Gregory S. Lovins 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 


 

    Gregory S. Lovins 
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
  
  Dated:
February 27, 2019  

 34 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   POWER OF ATTORNEY   

         Each person whose signature appears below does hereby constitute and appoint Gregory S. Lovins and Susan C. Miller, and each of them, with full
power of substitution, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact to act for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and any or all amendments or supplements thereto, and to file each of the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in order to
effectuate the same as fully, to all intents and purposes, as he or she could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact or substitutes, or any of them, may lawfully
do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.  

         Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and as
of the dates indicated.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Signature

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
  /s/    Mitchell R. Butier 


 

           Mitchell R. Butier 
   
 President, Chief Executive Officer, 
and Director 
   
 February 27, 2019 
 
 
 
/s/    Gregory S. Lovins 



 

           Gregory S. Lovins 
   
 Senior Vice President 
and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 
   
 February 27, 2019 
 
 
 
/s/    Lori J. Bondar 


 

           Lori J. Bondar 
   
 Vice President, Controller, 
and Chief Accounting Officer 
(Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
 February 27, 2019 
 
 
 
/s/    Dean A. Scarborough


 

           Dean A. Scarborough 
   
 Chairman 
   
 February 27, 2019 
 
 
 
/s/    Bradley A. Alford 


 

           Bradley A. Alford 
   
 Director 
   
 February 27, 2019 
 
 
 
/s/    Anthony K. Anderson 


 

           Anthony K. Anderson 
   
 Director 
   
 February 27, 2019 
 
 
 
/s/    Peter K. Barker 


 

           Peter K. Barker 
   
 Director 
   
 February 27, 2019 
 
 
 
/s/    Mark J. Barrenechea 


 

           Mark J. Barrenechea 
   
 Director 
   
 February 27, 2019 
 
 
 
  
  35 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Signature

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 /s/    Ken C. Hicks 


 

           Ken C. Hicks 
   
 Director 
   
 February 27, 2019 
 
 
 
/s/    Andres A. Lopez 


 

           Andres A. Lopez 
   
 Director 
   
 February 27, 2019 
 
 
 
/s/    David E. I. Pyott 


 

           David E. I. Pyott 
   
 Director 
   
 February 27, 2019 
 
 
 
/s/    Patrick T. Siewert 


 

           Patrick T. Siewert 
   
 Director 
   
 February 27, 2019 
 
 
 
/s/    Julia A. Stewart 


 

           Julia A. Stewart 
   
 Director 
   
 February 27, 2019 
 
 
 
/s/    Martha N. Sullivan 


 

           Martha N. Sullivan 
   
 Director 
   
 February 27, 2019 
 
 
 
  
  36 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
