
 10-K
 1
 f10k2018_quantumcomputing.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT
 
 
 
      
 
 

 

 

   

 

   

 UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

   

 

   

   

 FORM
10-K 

   

 

   

 

   

 (Mark
One) 

 ☒     ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
   

 For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 

   

 OR 

   

 ☐    TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
   

 For
the transition period from                to               . 

   

 Commission
file number:  001-37580 

   

   

 

 

   

 Quantum
Computing Inc. 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

   

   

 

 

 
 
       
 
     Delaware 
       
     82-4533053 
 
     (State
    or other jurisdiction of  
     incorporation or organization) 
       
     (I.R.S.
    Employer  
     Identification No.) 
 

   

 215
Depot Court SE, Suite 215 

 Leesburg,
VA 20175 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

   

 (703)
436-2161 

 (Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code) 


   

   

 (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

   

 Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:  None 

   

 Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:  None 

   

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐   
No ☒   

   

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐   No ☒ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒   No ☐  

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒   No ☐  

   

 Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

   

 
 
     Large
    accelerated filer 
     ☐ 
     Accelerated
    filer 
     ☐ 
 
     Non-accelerated
    filer 
     ☐ 
     Smaller
    reporting company 
     ☒ 
 
       
     Emerging
    growth company 
     ☐ 
 
   

 If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐   No
☒   

   

 The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant
on December 31, 2018, based on a closing price of $3.00 was $6,333,683. As of March 20, 2019, the registrant had 4,749,161 shares
of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, outstanding. 

   

 Documents
Incorporated By Reference:  None .   

   

 Explanatory Note 

 As Quantum Computing Inc. is not currently
subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 is being filed voluntarily by Quantum Computing Inc. and may not be reviewed by the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission. 



   

   

 

   

   

 

 
       
       
     

   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 
 
     PART
    I 
       
     1 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    1. 
     BUSINESS 
     1 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    1A. 
     RISK
    FACTORS 
     7 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    1B. 
     UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS 
     19 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    2. 
     PROPERTIES 
     19 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    3. 
     LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS 
     19 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    4. 
     MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
     19 
 
       
       
       
 
     PART
    II 
       
     20 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    5. 
     MARKET
    FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
     20 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    6. 
     SELECTED
    FINANCIAL DATA 
     21 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    7. 
     MANAGEMENT’S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
     21 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    7A. 
     QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
     24 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    8. 
     FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
     24 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    9. 
     CHANGES
    IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
     24   
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    9A.  
     CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES 
     24 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    9B. 
     OTHER
    INFORMATION 
     26 
 
       
       
       
 
     PART
    III 
       
     26 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    10. 
     DIRECTORS,
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
     26 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    11. 
     EXECUTIVE
    COMPENSATION 
     29 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    12. 
     SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
     32 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    13. 
     CERTAIN
    RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
     33 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    14. 
     PRINCIPAL
    ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
     34 
 
       
       
       
 
     PART
    IV 
       
     35 
 
       
       
       
 
     ITEM
    15. 
     EXHIBITS,
    FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
     35 
 
       
       
       
 
     SIGNATURES 
     36 
 
   

 

 
     i 
       
     

 

   

 As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms the “Company,” “Registrant,”
“we,” “us,” “our,” “Quantum,” or “QCI” refer to Quantum Computing
Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

   

 FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

   

 Except
for statements of historical fact, some information in this document contains “forward-looking statements” that involve
substantial risks and uncertainties. You can identify these forward-looking statements by words such as “may,” “will,”
“should,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “plans,” “potential,” “projects,”
“continuing,” “ongoing,” “expects,” “management believes,” “we believe,”
“we intend” or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. The statements
that contain these or similar words should be read carefully because these statements discuss our future expectations, contain
projections of our future results of operations or of our financial position, or state other forward-looking information. We believe
that it is important to communicate our future expectations to our investors. However, there may be events in the future that
we are not able accurately to predict or control. Further, we urge you to be cautious of the forward-looking statements which
are contained in this registration statement because they involve risks, uncertainties and other factors affecting our operations,
market growth, service, products and licenses. The factors listed in the sections captioned “Risk Factors” and “Description
of Business,” as well as other cautionary language in this registration statement and events in the future may cause our
actual results and achievements, whether expressed or implied, to differ materially from the expectations we describe in our forward-looking
statements. We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible
for us to predict all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business or the extent to which
any factor may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking
statements in this registration statement are based on assumptions management believes are reasonable. However, due to the uncertainties
associated with forward-looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Further, forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made, and unless required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking
to publicly update any of them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise. The occurrence of any of the events described
as risk factors or other future events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
position. Since our common stock is considered a “penny stock,” we are ineligible to rely on the safe harbor for forward-looking
statements provided in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E
of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). 

   

 

 
     ii 
       
     

   

 PART
I 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    1. 
     BUSINESS 
 
   

 History 

   

 Quantum
Computing Inc. (“QCI” or the “Company”), was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 25, 2001 as Ticketcart,
Inc. Ticketcart’s original business plan involved in the sale of ink-jet cartridges online. Ticketcart offered remanufactured
and compatible cartridges for Hewlett-Packard, Epson, Lexmark, and Canon inkjet printers. On July 25, 2007, Ticketcart, Inc. acquired
Innovative Beverage Group, Inc. and changed its name to Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. to better reflect its business
operations at the time which was beverage distribution and product development. In 2013, Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc.
ceased operations. On May 22, 2017, one of Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc.’s. shareholders, William Alessi (the
“Plaintiff”), filed suit against the Company. On August 28, 2017, the North Carolina Court, Superior Court Division
(the “North Carolina Court”), entered a default judgment for Plaintiff and appointed an exclusive Receiver (the “Receiver”)
over the Company. The default judgment provided that Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. was (i) to issue to the Plaintiff
18,500,000 shares of free-trading stock without registration under Section 3(a)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
(ii) issue 100,000,000 shares of stock to Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc.’s treasury, and (iii) that the receivership
be terminated upon any change of control, and that any and all claims against Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. that were
not submitted to the Receiver as of September 16, 2017, were disallowed. On October 4, 2017 the Receiver filed Articles of Incorporation
in North Carolina for Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, (“IBGH North Carolina”).
On October 26, 2017, Innovative Beverage Group, Inc. redomiciled to North Carolina. 

   

 On
January 22, 2018, while the Company was in receivership, the Company sold 500,000 shares (the “CRG Shares”) of its
common stock to Convergent Risk Group (“CRG”), an entity owned and operated by the Company’s Chief Executive
Officer, Robert Liscouski, for $155,000. On February 21, 2018, by written consent of the majority shareholder (Convergent Risk),
Mr. Robert Liscouski (the Chief Executive Officer of Convergent Risk) and Mr. Christopher Roberts were elected as members of the
Company’s Board of Directors. Mr. Liscouski was simultaneously elected as Chairman of the Board. The majority shareholder
also directed the Company to take the necessary action to change its domicile from North Carolina to Delaware and change its name
to Quantum Computing Inc. On February 21, 2018 the Company filed Articles of Conversion in North Carolina to convert the Company
to a Delaware corporation with the name changed to Quantum Computing Inc. On February 22, 2018 the Company filed a Certificate
of Conversion in Delaware to convert to a Delaware corporation with the name changed to Quantum Computing Inc. and re-domiciled
to the state of Delaware on February 23, 2018. 

   

 Our
Company  

   

 QCI focuses on quantum computing and artificial intelligence software development. We believe the quantum
computer might be one of the most significant technological achievements in history, and may have the capacity to disrupt global
industries. QCI intends to develop heterogeneous software that can run on the platforms that are under development by the quantum
computer hardware industry. We intend to leverage our collective expertise in finance, computing, mathematics and physics to develop
a suite of quantum software applications, and possibly hardware that may enable global industries to utilize quantum computers
and simulators to improve their processes, profitability, and security. Our initial focus will be on the financial services sector.
Other potential markets for quantum computing include artificial intelligence (“AI”), machine learning, encryption
and security, genetics and pharmaceuticals. QCI intends to be a leading provider of software that can run on multiple quantum platforms. 

   

 
     1 
       
     

   

 Initially, the Company is focused on two main development efforts.
Our first market focus is the development of quantitative financial related products such as financial portfolio optimization.
The financial services industry has used quantitative financial software applications for several decades with some success. However,
those existing products are limited in their performance due to the lack of computing power to solve these classes of optimization
problems. We are developing software to address two sets of financial problems in the short term. The first is Asset Allocation.
Our target clients are the Asset Allocation departments of large fund managers, who would use the system to optimally allocate
investable cash into the different asset classes that they manage. The calculation is based on the returns and covariances (risk)
of the various classes, along with any constraints that are specified. The second development effort involves yield curve trades
including steepeners and flatteners. On a regular basis Fund Managers have to solve a problem of choosing one, two or any combination
of several Treasury, Corporate or Municipal bonds with different weights, positive (long) or negative (short) which requires choosing
a static or a dynamic portfolio of stocks, bonds, commodities, currencies or any other assets which has high probability of being
profitable in the future. 

   

 A longer range software development
plan involves the optimization problems known as “NP Complete Problems” are a class of mathematical problems that
can be solved in polynomial increments of time using a non-deterministic method. These NP Complete Problems require complex
calculations, which cannot currently be performed in reasonable amounts of time using conventional, binary computer systems,
with the exception of simple cases. These problems are intractable because of the inability of bit-based systems to handle
complex non-deterministic problems. The recent developments in quantum annealing and other quantum hardware suggests that
these problems will soon be solvable using these new technologies. The Company’s goal is to develop and implement
quantum related algorithms to provide solutions to these NP Complete Problems in the area of financial optimization.
Optimization algorithms are ideally suited to run on a class of quantum computers, known as “annealers,” that are
currently becoming made available in the market by various manufacturers. 

   

 Our secondary market focus is on big data
and Artificial Intelligence. Our team is developing and is partnering with Artificial Intelligence and Big Data firms to develop
algorithms to identify behavioral trends and characteristics of people based on commercially available signals and geo-location
data. Our focus on AI and Big Data have positioned the company to pursue contract opportunities in the US Government and commercial
sector based on our organic experience and expertise in specific areas of terrorism and human behavior analysis. AI and Big Data
are adjacent markets to quantum computing, and will soon require the ability to apply quantum computing capabilities as data sets
exponentially grow in size and complexity. 

   

 Another market focus will be the field
of cybersecurity, specifically encryption and decryption algorithms. Current encryption algorithms, such as DES (widely used in
banking transactions), use codes based on the product of two very large prime numbers. To decrypt the message requires finding
the factors of a very large number, which can be done with current computers, but takes unacceptably long amounts of time. The
factorization process can be performed much more rapidly using algorithms running on a quantum computer. The other aspect of cybersecurity
that we will work on is development of encryption algorithms that are either “quantum resistant”, i.e. difficult for
quantum computer to crack, or “quantum based”, i.e., that use principals of quantum physics to create a quantum based
code that is difficult for both conventional and quantum computers to break. Information security has a number of components,
of which encryption is an important tool. Encryption is vital to e-commerce, banking, cellular communication, and protecting email,
websites and online identities because unprotected data can be stolen and misused. The cyber security market, is expected to reach
$170 billion by 2020 according to Forbes. The Research and Markets report “Global Quantum Cryptography Market Report 2017”
dated March 21, 2018, estimates that the global quantum sector of the cryptography market will grow from $285.7 Million in 2017
to $943.7 Million by 2022. This report states that growing adoption of cloud computing and next generation wireless networks is
driving the interest in quantum encryption solutions to data security concerns. 

   

 To achieve these goals, we have assembled
a team with a combined over 100 years of experience in the financial services, quantitative and applied mathematics, quantum physics,
AI and machine learning fields. We plan to file patents for new technology we may develop over the coming months based on our current
progress, but we cannot guarantee this timeline or that we will be awarded any such patents. While true general-purpose quantum
computing is still several years from being practical, special purpose quantum computers, known as annealers, are becoming available,
as are some quantum simulators. 

   

 Our Strategy 

   

 QCI plans to enter the market for high
performance computers and software applications, specifically focusing on what are known as “quantum computers”. The
Company has assembled a team of experienced engineers in super computing technology and quantum mathematics, which will focus on
both design and development of a quantum computer simulator (a “quantum annealer”) and several quantum software applications
that target solutions to non-deterministic polynomial applications. 

   

 The Company has hired physicists, applied
mathematicians (algorithm developers) and software developers to support the technical team in developing and designing a quantum
annealer and related quantum software applications.  Applied mathematicians develop the algorithms and algorithm/software
developers design software solutions utilizing the algorithms provided to them by mathematicians. Software engineers test the algorithm
code to ensure reliable and accurate performance of the software product. 

   

 In addition, the Company has retained
outside leading industry experts from well-known institutions from the financial services industry and leading financial institutions
and expects to retain additional advisors from cybersecurity firms and government agencies to serve as technical advisors to the
Company. We have formed an advisory board of additional subject matter experts, which is expected to assist us to shape our business
strategy and direction as well as work with us to establish our market approach. QCI is also pursuing U.S. Government initiatives
in quantum computing and AI, including grants and funding, that are fostering U.S. innovation in those domains. 

   

 
     2 
       
     

   

 

 QCI does not currently intend to be a hardware
manufacturer. However, due to the cutting-edge nature of quantum computing and the high cost and limited availability of quantum
computers, as well as limitations on the capabilities of existing quantum simulators, we may find it necessary over the next two
years to develop our own quantum simulators upon which we can develop and test our quantum software products. If such development
becomes necessary, our simulators are expected to emulate the characteristics and capabilities of a quantum computer such as superposition
and quantum entanglement. Our plan is to license our software as a cloud based service, but we are not ruling out selling turn-key
hardware systems that would incorporate and support our own quantum inspired computing solutions. 

   

 QCI’s technical leadership intends
to leverage industry expertise and innovative methods to develop quantum computer application solutions capable of solving increasingly
complex problems in a more rapid and thorough manner.  The Company will initially focus on addressing computational problems
in the financial services, and cybersecurity quantum-secure encryption markets, followed later by addressing problems in the AI
and genetics marketplaces.  

   

 Initial Products in Development  

   

 Financial Applications  

   

 QCI’s initial product currently in
design is a financial Portfolio Optimizer. This software will evaluate the potential return, risks, market volatility and transaction
costs of different portfolios to help financial advisors and investment managers decide on the optimal investment approach. The
planned functionality of this product will include real-time optimized portfolio construction and rebalancing, scenario analysis
and stress testing, and “efficient frontier” derivation (calculation of the theoretically optimal balance within a
portfolio of the maximum possible return at a given level of risk). Other features such as real-time market and credit risk exposure
calculation and machine learning can be added later in a modular fashion. This product is intended to assist asset managers and
investment firms balance portfolios, assess the risks of different strategies and plan trades. One of the most significant developments
in financial markets in the past several decades has been the introduction of computerized trading based on highly sophisticated
algorithms that monitor streams of financial data (primarily the trading prices, ranges and volumes of different stocks, options,
bonds and derivatives, and even some commodities, in multiple markets around the world), compute the optimal time and price at
which to make a purchase or sale, and instructs the trading desk to execute the trade. Computerized trading is fast, highly accurate,
unburdened by human emotion or delays, and nearly instantaneous. Computerized securities trading, known as “algorithmic trading”
or “high frequency trading” now comprises the majority of security trades on most exchanges according to CNBC, and
the latest financial algorithms enable computers to make decisions and implement trades in microseconds, faster than a person is
capable of achieving. A well designed financial algorithm and trading system can provide investors, whether private or institutional,
with a competitive advantage enabling them to earn sizable profits. Development of these algorithms has been on-going for the past
two quarters and the expectation is that we will have two beta customers for our two financial algorithms in Q3 of 2019. Once client
beta testing is completed we will hire dedicated sales staff to expand into the financial sector in 2020. 

   

 We believe that implementation of machine
learning and AI into financial algorithms, aided by quantum computing, could drive improvements in algorithmic trading, making
it less susceptible to herd behavior and dramatic fluctuations in market prices. In addition, quantum computing may be able to
solve some of the complex problems of multi-security portfolio optimization and trade optimization that so far have eluded algorithms
on conventional computers. We will begin a pilot test of this approach in the Q3/Q4 timeframe based on securing a final agreement
with our AI partner. 

   

 Quantum Computing Inc. has established
partnerships with a big data aggregator and Artificial Intelligence Software Development firm to develop an AI analysis prototype.
Our AI and Big Data development project has been proposed to the US Government (though there is no guarantee that the government
will award us a contract) and to commercial sector clients. 




   

 Cybersecurity Applications 

   

 The security or privacy of data on a computer
is typically protected by passwords or encryption (codes) or multi-factor authentication or biometrics, or a combination of several
of these techniques. Encryption is the process of converting readable data by means of a mathematical formula into a jumble of
letters and numbers that can only be converted back to readable data by means of a related mathematical formula or key. 

   

 The Company intends to develop a proprietary
approach to use early analysis of quantum key distribution and quantum encryption to discover advantageous security measures for
our products. We intend to research the potential for the development of “data specific” quantum security packages.
The goal of this product will be to offer data security solutions optimized for specific data formats and transactions. 



   

 

 
     3 
       
     

   

 Industry
Overview 

   

 Conventional
computers, whether they are in laptops, smartphones or large computer networks, all process “bits” of information
coded as 1’s and 0’s in sequence, controlled by software. To increase the performance of a conventional computer,
computer system designers have largely followed one of two paths, (i) increasing the size, speed and working memory of the central
processor (the Cray supercomputer is an example of this approach) or (ii) linking large numbers of servers together through a
high-speed, low-latency network and using special software to break the problem into large number of parts, each of which can
be assigned to one of the servers for calculation, and then the software combines all the individual server outputs (this architecture
is common in large “server farms”). Both architectures enable conventional high performance computers to perform billions
of calculations per second. Super computers are used in a wide range of applications, including weather forecasting, pharmaceutical
design, financial analysis and encryption/decryption. 

   

 The
difference between a conventional super computer and a quantum computer is that a quantum computer uses quantum bits or “QBITS”,
which are not limited in the way that conventional computer circuits are. A QBIT can be in any of three states, 1, 0 or a “superposition
state” a quantum physics phenomenon in which the QBIT exists in multiple states simultaneously. Another quantum physics
phenomenon, known as “entanglement” links the data in multiple QBITS. The superposition property of QBITS enables
a quantum computer to process large amounts of data in a “parallel” fashion because the quantum QBITS are inherently
able to exist in multiple states simultaneously, and are therefore able to evaluate multiple outcomes at the same time, instead
of one at a time the way a conventional computer would. QBIT structure and quantum superposition allow for parallel processing,
however this parallel processing is not what would be replicated by running several bit based computers in parallel. Instead,
superposition allows us to assume a piece of data is in both the on and off state simultaneously. Therefore, for each QBIT in
superposition in a quantum calculation, the complexity of the problems the calculation can solve increases exponentially by a
power of two instead of having a linear progression. The combination of the entanglement and superposition properties theoretically
enables a quantum computer to process massive numbers of calculations in parallel and thereby solve problems that are not solvable
by conventional high performance computers in any realistic period of time. 

   

 Building
a true quantum computer is not yet feasible with today’s technology because the most advanced QBITS are able to maintain
a quantum state only for short periods of time, on the order of milliseconds, before outside interference from thermal vibration
or electromagnetic fields causes them to “decohere” and lose the information they are processing. This decoherence
process can be controlled in part by keeping the QBITS immersed in liquid helium at close to absolute zero temperature, and enclosing
the entire computer in an electromagnetic shield or Faraday Cage, but these dramatically increase the cost of a quantum computer.
Thus, improvements are needed in the QBITS themselves before quantum computing can become a reality. 

   

 Venture
investors have placed $241 million into startups developing hardware or software worldwide per CB Insights as reported by WIRED
Magazine in August of 2018. In the same article, reporting on the status of quantum development, it was also reported $1.3 billion
in proposed new funding for quantum research was introduced to Congress in 2018. QCI is working with advisors to review the quantum
research program and determine where the Company can bid on government quantum research and development procurements. 

   

 Competition 

   

 There
are over 130 companies and research universities who are known to be engaged in research and development relating to quantum computing.
In the area of quantum computer hardware systems, competitors include privately funded startups such as D-Wave, ATOS, and Rigetti
Computing, as well as large IT firms such as Microsoft, IBM, and Google who have all announced laboratory projects focusing on
developing quantum computers. Since 2013 Google has been working with NASA and the Universities Space Research Association to
establish the Quantum Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, using quantum computers built by D-Wave. In March 2017 IBM announced
a 17 QBIT prototype commercial processor and made accessible (via the IBM cloud) a 16 QBIT quantum computer for use by developers,
programmers and researchers. In 2018 Intel announced a superconducting quantum test chip with 49 QBITS. In March 2018, Google
announced it had a new quantum processor, codenamed “Bristlecone”. Microsoft has been active in quantum research since
2005 when the company established a research lab to study topological quantum computing. In December 2017 Microsoft released a
preview version of its Quantum Development Kit. The National Security Agency has funded some research into quantum computing and
encryption algorithms, but much of this work is classified so the nature of the work and the companies performing it are not known.
D-Wave has been developing quantum computers since 2004 and has several computer products on the market. 

   

 

 
     4 
       
     

   

 Competition
in quantum software applications is likely to come from established IT firms such as Microsoft and Google, but there are also
several private companies such as 1Qbit, a startup venture focused on developing quantum computing applications for the finance
industry. Rigetti Computing, a US based quantum computing startup, announced in late 2017 that it was working on a hybrid quantum
algorithm, one that would use conventional computers to handle much of the computation, and hand off parts of the computation
to specialized quantum hardware when that additional power was needed. 

   

 Competition
in quantum encryption is expected from ID Quantique (Switzerland), MagiQ Technologies (US), Nucrypt (US), Infineon Technologies
(Germany), Qutools (Germany), Quintessence Labos (Australia), Crypta Labs (UK), PQ Solutions (U), and Qubitekk (US). These companies
currently offer quantum cryptography solutions to commercial clients around the world. 

   

 Companies
such as Bra-ket Science (Austin, TX) and BraneCell (Cambridge, MA) are focusing on developing quantum hardware that will allow
quantum hardware to operate at room temperature, thus dramatically reducing costs to build and operate quantum computers. However,
those technologies are not yet commercially available. To date, the only commercially available quantum computers on the market
are those manufactured by D-Wave. However, the D-Wave computer, which is a quantum annealer not a general-purpose quantum computer,
is currently only capable of solving one specific class of optimization problems. According to CNBC, D-Wave has sold quantum computers
to customers including Temporal Defense Systems, Lockheed Martin, Google and NASA. Temporal Defense was the first customer for
D-Wave’s latest model the D-Wave 2000Q, a $15 million quantum annealer capable of computations utilizing 2,048 QBITS.  

   

 For
those wishing to develop and test quantum algorithms, companies such as D-Wave, Google, Microsoft, IBM, Rigetti, Fujitsu (Japan)
and Alibaba (China) offer developers access to their quantum hardware via cloud based development platforms. While the computers
at all of the aforementioned firms are relatively limited in their capability due to their low number of operational QBITS, developers
can not only test quantum algorithms, but can determine the scope of the speed increase that the quantum systems offer over conventional
computers. 

   

 According
to BCC Research, as of October 1, 2017, 63% percent of all quantum computing-related patents filed were hardware related. Software
and applications account for nearly 20 percent of the quantum computing related patents. Also according to BCC Research, 599 patents
relating to quantum computing have been issued between 2008 and 2017. The top three holders for patents are, in descending order,
D-Wave, IBM, and Microsoft. D-Wave has been issued 159 US patents and has filed for an additional 79. IBM holds 83 patents and
has filed for an additional 42. Microsoft holds 41 and has filed for 43 more. 

   

 Government
Regulation and Incentives  

   

 Encryption 

   

 The
U.S. government has historically tightly regulated the export of cryptographic technologies under the Arms Export Control Act
and the associated International Traffic in Arms regulations (ITAR) as a form of munition. The logic behind the export restrictions
is that the ability to secure information has great value to the military and intelligence agencies, and the US Government does
not want those technologies sold or distributed to foreign adversaries. These regulations were relaxed in 1996 by executive order,
but restrictions are still in place under the Export Administration Act that limit the export of some advanced encryption methods
and technologies. Export of commercial encryption products to certain designated countries and terrorist groups is restricted,
as are exports of military quality encryption technologies. Restrictions on encryption technology are in place in many other countries
but the extent of regulation varies widely from country to country. Domestically, encryption technology is largely unregulated
but law enforcement, intelligence and investigative agencies work closely with encryption technology developers to enable the
US government to access encrypted data under certain conditions. We believe that the quantum encryption and decryption products
that QCI plans to develop can be marketed to government agencies seeking to unlock encrypted data or to encrypt and protect sensitive
government data from unauthorized exposure. 

   

 

 
     5 
       
     

   

 Financial
Algorithms 

   

 US
firms and FINRA members that use financial algorithms to conduct high frequency trading are subject to SEC and FINRA regulations
that govern their trading activities under long standing rules governing supervision and control practices to reduce the likelihood
of market disruptions and ensure effective communication between the firm’s compliance staff and its trading strategy personnel.
Additional regulation on financial algorithms has been proposed by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”)
aimed at limiting the potential for financial algorithms and high frequency trading to disrupt markets. The proposed regulations
would require firms using such algorithms to implement pre-trade risk controls, limit self-trading and make the source code of
the software programs available to the government upon request. To the Company’s knowledge, these regulations, especially
the mandatory source code disclosure provisions, have been vigorously opposed by the industry and have not yet been implemented. 

   

 The
government agencies charged with regulating financial markets in the US and around the world have so far not closely regulated
financial algorithms or algorithmic trading, but that could change in response to future market events. The benefit of algorithmic
trading is that it can bring greater liquidity, transparency and accountability to markets, and also reduces price variations
between global markets. Financial markets in many developing countries have benefited from implementation of algorithmic trading.
There are, of course, limitations to what financial algorithms can accomplish today with conventional super computers, and when
multiple algorithms trade in lockstep a single price fluctuation can trigger a cascade of downward trades that can crash a market
very quickly, before human intervention can stop the downward spiral. This phenomenon is known as a “Flash Crash”
and regulators have imposed some regulations to slow down or suspend trading when a market drops more than a fixed percentage
in a short period of time. 

   

 Incentives 

   

 In
2018, Congress authorized $1.3 billion to fund quantum related research projects. This funding is being administered by the U.S.
Department of Defense which will solicit proposals for research. The Company intends to submit proposals for funding, but there
can be no guarantee the Company will be chosen or that the Company will receive any government funding. In addition, in 2018 President
Trump announced the formation of a National Quantum Initiative consisting of key technology companies working in the field of
quantum computing. The Company has applied to become a member of that Initiative. 

   

 In
December 2018 Congress passed the National Quantum Initiative Act (the “Quantum Act”), the purpose of which is to
develop a unified national strategy for researching quantum information science. The Quantum Act proposes to establish a National
Quantum Coordination Office inside the White House’s Office of Science and Technology Policy to help coordinate research
between agencies, serve as the federal point of contact and promote private commercialization of federal research breakthroughs
over the next decade. 

    

 The Quantum Act would also create: 

   

 
 
       
     ● 
     A National Quantum Information Science Research Centers within the Department of Energy. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     Research and education centers in the National Science Foundation. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     A “workshop of stakeholders” administered by the National Institute of Standards and Technology “to discuss the future measurement, standards, cybersecurity, and other appropriate needs for supporting the development of a robust quantum information science and technology industry in the United States.” 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     A Subcommittee on Quantum Information Science (“QIS”) under the National Science and Technology Council. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     A National Quantum Initiative Advisory Committee to advise the President. 
 


 

   

 
     6 
       
     

   

 The overall goals of the Quantum Act include
the eventual creation of industry standards for QIS development, new research grant funding and increased collaboration with the
private sector. Quantum technology, including quantum computing, has drawn significant attention from Congress and the White
House in 2018 for its theoretical potential to increase computing power and disrupt encryption standards. Rival countries like
China and Russia are pushing hard to improve their own QIS capabilities. President Trump is expected to sign the bill into law.
We do not know at this time when the Quantum Act will begin soliciting industry proposals and awarding contracts. 

    

 Employees 

   

 QCI currently has four employees and six
contract staff, seven of whom are focused on product and software development, and five Technical Advisors (one from the National
Security Domain, one from the Quantum/AI Domain, and three from the Financial Services Domain). We also have two third party partners
providing software development and big data analysis services. The employees are not part of a collective bargaining agreement
and labor relationships are good. 

   

 Other
Corporate Information 

   

 General
information 

   

 Our
business address is 215 Depot Court SE, Suite 215, Leesburg, VA 20175. Our phone number is (703) 436-2161. The information contained
in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this registration statement. 

   

 Reports
to Security Holders. 

   

 The
Company will file reports with the SEC. The Company will be a reporting company and will comply with the requirements of the Exchange
Act. 

   

 The
public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the SEC in the SEC’s Public Reference Section, Room 1580,
100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Section
by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, the SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information
statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, which can be found at http://www.sec.gov. 

   

 Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

   

 You
should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K before making an investment decision with regard to our securities. The statements contained in or incorporated herein
that are not historic facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. If any of the following risks actually
occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case, you may lose all or part of
your investment. In addition to other information in this registration statement and in other filings we make with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating our business as they may have
a significant impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. If any of the following risks actually occurs,
our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Because
of the following factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, past financial performance should not be
considered as a reliable indicator of future performance and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results
or trends in future periods. 

   

 

 
     7 
       
     

   

 Risks
Related to Our Business 

   

 We
have a limited operating history. 

   

 The
Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 22, 2018 and has engaged in limited operations to
date. Accordingly, the Company has only a limited operating history with which you can evaluate its business and prospects. An
investor in the Company must consider its business and prospects in light of the risks, uncertainties and difficulties frequently
encountered by early-stage companies, including limited capital, delays in product development, possible marketing and sales obstacles
and delays, inability to gain customer and merchant acceptance or inability to achieve significant distribution of our products
and services to customers. The Company cannot be certain that it will successfully address these risks. Its failure to address
any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on its business. 

 

 

   

 We
are not profitable and may never be profitable. 

   

 Since
inception through the present, we have been dependent on raising capital to support our working capital needs. During this same
period, we have recorded net accumulated losses and are yet to achieve profitability. Our ability to achieve profitability depends
upon many factors, including its ability to develop and commercialize our websites. There can be no assurance that we will ever
achieve any significant revenues or profitable operations. 

   

 Our
operating expenses exceed our revenues and will likely continue to do so for the foreseeable future. 

   

 We
are in an early stage of our development and we have not generated any revenues to offset our operating expenses. Our operating
expenses will likely continue to exceed our operating income for the foreseeable future, until such time as we are able to monetize
our brands and generate substantial revenues, particularly as we undertake payment of the increased costs of operating as a public
company. 

   

 We
will need additional capital, which may be difficult to raise as a result of our limited operating history or any number of other
reasons. 

   

 We
expect that we will have adequate financing for the next 8-10 months. However, in the event that we exceed our expected growth,
we would need to raise additional capital. There is no assurance that additional equity or debt financing will be available to
us when needed, on acceptable terms or even at all. Our limited operating history makes investor evaluation and an estimation
of our future performance substantially more difficult. As a result, investors may be unwilling to invest in us or such investment
may be on terms or conditions which are not acceptable. In the event that we are not able to secure financing, we may have to
scale back our growth plans or cease operations. 

   

 We
have not adopted various corporate governance measures, and as a result stockholders may have limited protections against interested
director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters. 

   

 Recent
Federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures
designed to promote the integrity of corporate management and the securities markets. Because our securities are not yet listed
on a national securities exchange, we are not required to adopt these corporate governance measures and have not done so voluntarily
in order to avoid incurring the additional costs associated with such measures. Among these measures is the establishment of independent
committees of the Board of Directors. However, to the extent a public market develops for our securities, such legislation will
require us to make changes to our current corporate governance practices. Those changes may be costly and time-consuming. Furthermore,
the absence of the governance measures referred to above with respect to our Company may leave our shareholders with more limited
protection in connection with interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters. 

   

 FAILURE
TO IDENTIFY ERRORS IN THE QUANTITATIVE MODELS WE UTILIZE TO MANAGE ITS BUSINESS COULD ADVERSELY IMPACT PRODUCT PERFORMANCE AND
CLIENT RELATIONSHIPS. 

   

 We
employ various quantitative models. Any errors in the underlying models or model assumptions could have unanticipated and adverse
consequences on our business and reputation. 

   

 WE
MAY BE UNABLE TO DEVELOP NEW PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND THE DEVELOPMENT OF NEW PRODUCTS AND SERVICES MAY EXPOSE US TO ADDITIONAL
COSTS OR OPERATIONAL RISK. 

   

 Our
financial performance depends, in part, on its ability to develop, market and manage new products and services. The development
and introduction of new products and services require continued innovative efforts and may require significant time and resources
as well as ongoing support and investment. Substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products
and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, shifting client and market
preferences, the introduction of competing products or services and compliance with regulatory requirements. 

   

 

 
     8 
       
     

   

 Our
proprietary technology may be subject to claims for infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property rights of others,
or may be infringed or misappropriated by others. 

   

 We
rely, and may rely in the future, upon a combination of license agreements, confidentiality policies and procedures, confidentiality
provisions in employment agreements, confidentiality agreements with third parties and technical security measures to maintain
the confidentiality, exclusivity and trade secrecy of our proprietary information. We also rely, and most likely will rely in
the future, on trademark and copyright laws to protect our intellectual property rights in the United States and abroad. Despite
our protective measures and intellectual property rights, we may not be able to adequately protect against theft, copying, reverse
engineering, misappropriation, infringement or unauthorized use or disclosure of our intellectual property, which could have an
adverse effect on our competitive position. 

   

 We
may become subject to legal proceedings that could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. 

   

 From
time to time and in the ordinary course of our business, we and certain of our subsidiaries may become involved in various legal
proceedings. All such legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and, regardless of the merits of the claims, litigation may
be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to our operations and distracting to management. If resolved against us, such legal
proceedings could result in excessive verdicts, injunctive relief or other equitable relief that may affect how we operate our
business. Similarly, if we settle such legal proceedings, it may affect how we operate our business. Future court decisions, alternative
dispute resolution awards, business expansion or legislative activity may increase our exposure to litigation and regulatory investigations.
In some cases, substantial noneconomic remedies or punitive damages may be sought. Although we maintain liability insurance coverage,
there can be no assurance that such coverage will cover any particular verdict, judgment or settlement that may be entered against
us, that such coverage will prove to be adequate or that such coverage will continue to remain available on acceptable terms,
if at all. If we incur liability that exceeds our insurance coverage or that is not within the scope of the coverage in legal
proceedings brought against us, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 
 
       
     ● 
     Certification,
    licensing or regulatory requirements with regard to the technology we expect to develop relating to financial and cybersecurity
    applications; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     Unexpected
    changes in regulatory requirements such as the Quantum Act or other federal or state laws that may require us to take certain
    actions; and 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     Changes
    to or reduced protection of intellectual property rights in some countries which may affect or ability to protect and maintain
    intellectual property rights relating to our applications. 
 
   

   

 We
intend to continue strategic business acquisitions and other combinations, which are subject to inherent risks. 

   

 In
order to expand our solutions, services, and grow our market and client base, we may continue to seek and complete strategic business
acquisitions and other combinations that we believe are complementary to our business. Acquisitions have inherent risks which
may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results or prospects, including, but not limited
to: 1) failure to successfully integrate the business and financial operations, services, intellectual property, solutions or
personnel of an acquired business and to maintain uniform standard controls, policies and procedures; 2) diversion of management’s
attention from other business concerns; 3) entry into markets in which we have little or no direct prior experience; 4) failure
to achieve projected synergies and performance targets; 5) loss of clients or key personnel; 6) incurrence of debt or assumption
of known and unknown liabilities; 7) write-off of software development costs, goodwill, client lists and amortization of expenses
related to intangible assets; 8) dilutive issuances of equity securities; and, 9) accounting deficiencies that could arise in
connection with, or as a result of, the acquisition of an acquired company, including issues related to internal control over
financial reporting and the time and cost associated with remedying such deficiencies. If we fail to successfully integrate acquired
businesses or fail to implement our business strategies with respect to these acquisitions, we may not be able to achieve projected
results or support the amount of consideration paid for such acquired businesses. 

   

 

 
     9 
       
     

   

 If
we are unable to manage our growth in the new markets in which we offer solutions or services, our business and financial results
could suffer. 

   

 Our
future financial results will depend in part on our ability to profitably manage our business in the new markets that we enter.
Difficulties in managing future growth in new markets could have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

   

 We
rely heavily on our management, and the loss of their services could adversely affect our business. 

   

 Our
success is highly dependent upon the continued services of our management including our Chief Executive Officer, Robert Liscouski,
and our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Christopher Roberts. The loss of Mr. Liscouski’s and/or Mr. Roberts’ services
would have a material adverse effect on the Company and its business operations. 

   

 OUR
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER IS NOT A FULL-TIME EMPLOYEE. 

   

 Our
Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Christopher Roberts, is an independent contractor and shares time with other clients. The inability
to retain a full-time Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer or governor of the financial responsibilities of the
Company may impair our ability to meet our reporting obligations and implement financial controls to protect the Company. 

   

 WE
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO IMPLEMENT OUR GROWTH AND MARKETING STRATEGY SUCCESSFULLY OR ON A TIMELY BASIS OR AT ALL. 

   

 Our
future success depends, in large part, on our ability to implement our growth strategy of expanding distribution and sales of
our product portfolio, attracting new consumers and introducing new product lines and product extensions. 

   

 Our
sales and operating results will be adversely affected if we fail to implement our growth strategy or if we invest resources in
a growth strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful. 

   

 CYBER
SECURITY RISKS AND THE FAILURE TO MAINTAIN THE INTEGRITY OF DATA BELONGING TO OUR COMPANY COULD EXPOSE US TO DATA LOSS, LITIGATION
AND LIABILITY, AND OUR REPUTATION COULD BE SIGNIFICANTLY HARMED. 

   

 We
may from time to time collect and retain large volumes of data relating to our business and from our customers for business purposes,
including for transactional and promotional purposes, and our various information technology systems enter, process, summarize
and report such data. The integrity and protection of this data is critical to our business. Maintaining compliance with the evolving
regulations and requirements applicable to data security and information privacy protection could be difficult and may increase
our expenses. In addition, a penetrated or compromised data system or the intentional, inadvertent or negligent release or disclosure
of data could result in theft, loss or fraudulent or unlawful use of data relating to our company or our employees, independent
distributors or preferred customers, which could harm our reputation, disrupt our operations, or result in remedial and other
costs, fines or lawsuits. 

   

 COMPUTER
MALWARE, VIRUSES, HACKING, PHISHING ATTACKS AND SPAMMING COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

   

 Computer
malware, viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions could lead to interruption and delays in our services
and operations and loss, misuse or theft of data. Computer malware, viruses, computer hacking and phishing attacks against online
networking platforms have become more prevalent and may occur on our systems in the future. 

   

 

 
     10 
       
     

   

 Any
attempts by hackers to disrupt our internal systems, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage
our reputation or brand. Our network security business disruption insurance may not be sufficient to cover significant expenses
and losses related to direct attacks on our website or internal systems. Efforts to prevent hackers from entering our computer
systems are expensive to implement and may limit the functionality of our services. Though it is difficult to determine what,
if any, harm may directly result from any specific interruption or attack, any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security
and availability of our products and services and technical infrastructure may harm our reputation, brand and our ability to attract
customers. Any significant disruption to our website or internal computer systems could result in a loss of customers and could
adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

   

 We
have previously experienced, and may in the future experience, service disruptions, outages and other performance problems due
to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, third-party service providers, human or software errors and capacity
constraints. If our mobile application is unavailable when customers attempt to access it or it does not load as quickly as they
expect, customers may seek other services. 

   

 Our
platform functions on software that is highly technical and complex and may now or in the future contain undetected errors, bugs,
or vulnerabilities. Some errors in our software code may only be discovered after the code has been deployed. Any errors, bugs,
or vulnerabilities discovered in our code after deployment, inability to identify the cause or causes of performance problems
within an acceptable period of time or difficultly maintaining and improving the performance of our platform, particularly during
peak usage times, could result in damage to our reputation or brand, loss of revenues, or liability for damages, any of which
could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

   

 We
expect to continue to make significant investments to maintain and improve the availability of our platform and to enable rapid
releases of new features and products. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems
as needed and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology,
our business and operating results may be harmed. 

   

 GROWING
OUR CUSTOMER BASE DEPENDS UPON THE EFFECTIVE OPERATION OF OUR APPLICATIONS WITH OPERATING SYSTEMS, NETWORKS AND STANDARDS THAT
WE DO NOT CONTROL. 

   

 We
will be dependent on the interoperability of our applications with operating systems that we do not control, and any changes in
such systems that degrade our potential products’ functionality or give preferential treatment to competitive products could
adversely affect the usage of our applications on mobile devices. Additionally, in order to deliver high quality products, it
is important that our products work well with a range of mobile technologies, systems, networks and standards that we do not control.
We may not be successful in developing relationships with key participants in the mobile industry or in developing products that
operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks or standards. 

    

 WE
MAY NEVER DEVELOP ANY PRODUCTS TO COMMERCIALIZE. 

   

 We
have invested a substantial amount of our time and resources in developing various new products and computing technologies. Commercialization
of these products will require additional development, clinical evaluation, significant marketing efforts and substantial additional
investment before they can provide us with any revenue. Despite our efforts, these products may not become commercially successful
products for a number of reasons, including but not limited to: 

   

 
 
       
     ● 
     our
    products or technologies may not prove to be effective in trials; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     we
    may experience delays in our development program; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     any
    products or technologies that are approved may not be accepted in the marketplace; 
 
   

 

 
     11 
       
     

   

 
 
       
     ● 
     we
    may not have adequate financial or other resources to complete the development or to commence the commercialization of our
    products or will not have adequate financial or other resources to achieve significant commercialization of our products; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     we
    may not be able to manufacture any of our products in commercial quantities or at an acceptable cost; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     rapid
    technological change may make our products obsolete; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     we
    may be unable to effectively protect our intellectual property rights or we may become subject to claims that our activities
    have infringed the intellectual property rights of others; and 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     we
    may be unable to obtain or defend patent rights for our products or technologies. 
 
   

 THE
MARKET OPPORTUNITY FOR OUR PRODUCTS AND TECHNOLOGIES MAY NOT DEVELOP IN THE WAYS THAT WE ANTICIPATE. 

   

 The
demand for our products and technologies can change quickly and in ways that we may not anticipate because the market in which
we operate is characterized by rapid, and sometimes disruptive, technological developments, evolving industry standards, frequent
new product introductions and enhancements, changes in customer requirements and a limited ability to accurately forecast future
customer orders. Our operating results may be adversely affected if the market opportunity for our products and services does
not develop in the ways that we anticipate or if other technologies or products become more accepted or standard in our industry
or disrupt our technologies and products. 

   

 WE
FACE SIGNIFICANT COMPETITION AND MANY OF OUR COMPETITORS ARE LARGER AND HAVE GREATER FINANCIAL AND OTHER RESOURCES THAN WE DO. 

   

 Some
of our product offerings and technologies compete and will compete with other similar products from our competitors. These competitive
products could be marketed by well-established, successful companies that possess greater financial, marketing, distributional,
personnel and other resources than we possess. In certain instances, competitors with greater financial resources also may be
able to enter a market in direct competition with us offering attractive marketing tools to encourage the sale of products that
compete with our products or present cost features that our target end users may find attractive. 

   

 OUR
INABILITY TO PROTECT OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY COULD IMPAIR OUR COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE, REDUCE OUR REVENUE, AND INCREASE OUR COSTS. 

   

 Our
success and ability to compete depends and will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain the proprietary aspects of
our technologies and products. We rely on a combination of trade secrets, patents, copyrights, trademarks, confidentiality agreements,
and other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property, but these measures may provide only limited protection.
We may not always be able to enforce these agreements and may fail to enter into any such agreement in every instance when appropriate.
We may from time to time license from third party’s their brands or certain technology used in and for our products. These
third-party licenses are granted with restrictions; therefore, such third-party technology may not remain available to us on terms
beneficial to us. Our failure to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights or obtain from third parties the right to
use necessary technology could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. In
addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights as fully as do the laws of the United States. 

   

 Patents
may not issue from the patent applications that we have filed or may file in the future. Our issued patents may be challenged,
invalidated, or circumvented, and claims of our patents may not be of sufficient scope or strength, or issued in the proper geographic
regions, to provide meaningful protection or any commercial advantage. We have registered certain of our trademarks in the United
States and other countries. We cannot assure you that we will obtain registrations of principal or other trademarks in key markets
in the future. Failure to obtain registrations could compromise our ability to protect fully our trademarks and brands, and could
increase the risk of challenge from third parties to our use of our trademarks and brands. 

   

 

 
     12 
       
     

   

 WE
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PROTECT OUR SOURCE CODE FROM COPYING IF THERE IS AN UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OF SOURCE CODE. 

   

 Source
code, the detailed program commands for our operating systems and other software programs, is critical to our business. Although
we license portions of our application and operating system source code to several licensees, we take significant measures to
protect the secrecy of large portions of our source code. If a significant portion of our source code leaks, we might lose future
trade secret protection for that source code. It may become easier for third parties to compete with our products by copying functionality,
which could adversely affect our revenue and operating margins. Unauthorized disclosure of source code also could increase the
security risks described in the next paragraph. 

   

 OUR
FAILURE TO KEEP PACE WITH RAPID TECHNOLOGY CHANGES COULD HAVE A NEGATIVE IMPACT ON OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND FINANCIAL
RESULTS. 

   

 The
markets for our products and services are characterized by rapid technological developments and frequent changes in customer requirements.
We must continually improve the performance, features and reliability of our products and services, particularly in response to
competitive offerings, to keep pace with these developments. We must ensure that our products and services address evolving operating
environments, devices, industry trends, certifications and standards. We also may need to develop products that are compatible
with new operating systems while remaining compatible with existing, popular operating systems. Our business could be harmed by
our competitors announcing or introducing new products and services that could be perceived by customers as superior to ours.
We spend considerable resources on technology research and development, but our research and development resources are more limited
than many of our competitors. 

   

 Our
failure to introduce new or enhanced products on a timely basis, to keep pace with rapid industry, technological or market changes
or to gain customer acceptance for our new and existing products and services, such as mobile device data protection, could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and financial results. 

   

 IMPROVEMENTS
TO PUBLIC KEY CRYPTOGRAPHY TECHNOLOGY COULD REDUCE DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND COULD NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS,
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND FINANCIAL RESULTS. 

   

 Our
business will employ encryption technologies to encrypt and decrypt sensitive data. The security afforded by encryption depends
on the integrity of the private key, which is predicated on the assumption that it is very difficult to mathematically derive
the private key from the related public key with conventional computers. Our business plan calls for the development and marketing
of quantum based encryption and decryption technologies, which are based on different mathematical principals than public key
encryption and should be more difficult to break. Successful decryption of intercepted encrypted email, or public reports of successful
decryption, whether or not true, could reduce demand for our products and services. If new methods or technologies, make it easier
to derive the private key from the related public key, or to break quantum encryption algorithms, the security of encryption services
could be impaired and our products and services could become less marketable. That could require us to make significant changes
to our services, which could increase our costs, damage our reputation, or otherwise harm our business. Any of these events could
reduce our revenues, increase our expenses and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and financial results. 

   

 WE
FACE STRONG COMPETITION, WHICH COULD NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND FINANCIAL RESULTS. 

   

 The
markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid change and converging technologies and are very competitive. There is strong
competition for encryption products and services. Our business competes with products and services offered by companies such as
ID Quantique (Switzerland), MagiQ Technologies (US), Nucrypt (US), Infineon Technologies (Germany), Qutools (Germany), Quintessence
Labs (Australia), Crypta Labs (UK), PQ Solutions (U), and Qubitekk (US). These companies currently offer quantum cryptography
solutions to commercial clients around the world. Strong competition requires us to develop new technology solutions and service
offerings to expand the functionality and value that we offer to our customers. Our competitors may develop products and services
that are perceived by customers as equivalent to, or having advantages over, our products and services. Competitors could capture
a significant share in our markets, causing our sales and revenue to decline or grow more slowly. Barriers to entry are relatively
low, and new ventures are often formed that create products competitive with our products. Competitive pressures could lead to
price discounting or to increases in expenses such as advertising and marketing costs. Increased competition could also decrease
demand for our products and services. Competition could reduce our revenues and net income and materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and financial results. 

   

 

 
     13 
       
     

   

 GOVERNMENTAL
RESTRICTIONS ON THE SALE OF OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES IN NON-U.S. MARKETS COULD NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND FINANCIAL RESULTS. 

   

 Exports
of software solutions and services using advanced encryption technology such as ours are generally restricted by the U.S. government.
Although we are confident that we can obtain U.S. government approval to export our solutions to almost all countries, the list
of countries to which we (and our distributors) cannot export our products and services could be expanded in the future. In addition,
some countries impose restrictions on the importation and use of encryption solutions and services such as ours. The cost of compliance
with U.S. and other export laws, or our failure to obtain governmental approvals to offer our products and services in non-U.S.
markets, could affect our ability to sell our products and services and could impair our international expansion. We face a variety
of other legal and compliance risks. If we or our distributors fail to comply with applicable law and regulations, we may become
subject to penalties, fines or restrictions that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and financial
results. 

   

 WE
MAY FAIL TO RECRUIT AND RETAIN KEY PERSONNEL, WHICH COULD IMPAIR OUR ABILITY TO MEET KEY OBJECTIVES. 

   

 Our
success depends on our ability to attract and retain highly-skilled technical, managerial, sales, and marketing personnel. Changes
in key personnel may be disruptive to our business. It could be difficult, time consuming and expensive to replace key personnel.
Integrating new key personnel may be difficult and costly. Volatility, lack of positive performance in our stock price or changes
to our overall compensation program including our stock incentive program may adversely affect our ability to retain key employees,
many of whom are compensated, in part, based on the performance of our stock price. The loss of services of any of our key personnel,
the inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the future or delays in hiring required personnel could make it difficult
to meet key objectives. Any of these impairments related to our key personnel could negatively affect our business, financial
condition and financial results. 

   

 To
remain competitive in our industries, we must attract, motivate and retain highly skilled managerial, sales, marketing, consulting
and technical personnel, including executives, consultants, programmers and systems architects skilled in quantum computing, computing,
and the technical environments in which our solutions, devices and services are needed. Competition for such personnel in our
industries is intense in both the United States and abroad. Our failure to attract additional qualified personnel to meet our
needs could have a material adverse effect on our prospects for long-term growth. In addition, we invest significant time and
expense in training our associates, which increases their value to clients and competitors who may seek to recruit them and increases
the cost of replacing them. Our success is dependent to a significant degree on the continued contributions of key management,
sales, marketing, consulting and technical personnel. The unexpected loss of key personnel could have a material adverse impact
on our business and results of operations, and could potentially inhibit development and delivery of our solutions, devices and
services and market share advances. 

   

 VARIOUS
REGULATIONS BY THE SEC, CFTC AND OTHER REGULATORY AGENCIES MAY ADOPT REGULATIONS RELATING TO HIGH FREQUENCY TRADING. 

   

 Congress,
regulators and some media have been increasingly scrutinizing electronic trading, the structure of equity markets and high frequency
trading in recent years. The SEC continues to consider various potential market structure changes, which could result in reduced
trading volumes, or which could negatively affect our business. To the extent the SEC adopts regulatory changes, our business,
financial condition and operating results could be negatively impacted. In addition, the continued growth of high frequency trading
has been the subject of private litigation and regulatory enforcement actions alleging that high frequency trading firms have
received unfair advantages at the expense of other traders. High frequency trading accounts for a meaningful percentage of the
daily volume in the U.S. and European equity markets, and these actions and other efforts to slow trading could lead to a reduction
in trading volumes, negatively impacting all trading markets, including our business. 

   

 

 
     14 
       
     

   

 IF
WE FAIL TO ESTABLISH AND MAINTAIN AN EFFECTIVE SYSTEM OF INTERNAL CONTROL, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO REPORT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS
ACCURATELY OR PREVENT FRAUD. ANY INABILITY TO REPORT AND FILE OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS ACCURATELY AND TIMELY COULD HARM OUR REPUTATION
AND ADVERSELY IMPACT THE TRADING PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 

   

 Effective
internal control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial
reports or prevent fraud, we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment
existed, and our business and reputation with investors may be harmed. As a result, our small size and any current internal control
deficiencies may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and access to capital. 

   

 Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

   

 OUR
STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE OR MAY DECLINE REGARDLESS OF OUR OPERATING PERFORMANCE, AND YOU MAY LOSE PART OR ALL OF YOUR INVESTMENT. 

   

 The
market price of our common stock may fluctuate widely in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

   

   

 
 
       
     ● 
     actions
    by competitors; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     actual
    or anticipated growth rates relative to our competitors; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     the
    public’s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with
    the SEC; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     economic,
    legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     any
    future guidance we may provide to the public, any changes in such guidance or any difference between our guidance and actual
    results; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     changes
    in financial estimates or recommendations by any securities analysts who follow our common stock; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     speculation
    by the press or investment community regarding our business; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     litigation; 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     changes
    in key personnel; and 
 
   

 
 
       
     ● 
     future
    sales of our common stock by our officers, directors and significant shareholders. 
 
   

 In
addition, the stock markets, including the over-the-counter markets where we are quoted, have experienced extreme price and volume
fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These broad market
fluctuations may materially affect our stock price, regardless of our operating results. Furthermore, the market for our common
stock historically has been limited and we cannot assure you that a larger market will ever be developed or maintained. The price
at which investors purchase shares of our common stock may not be indicative of the price that will prevail in the trading market.
Market fluctuations and volatility, as well as general economic, market and political conditions, could reduce our market price.
As a result, these factors may make it more difficult or impossible for you to sell our common stock for a positive return on
your investment. In the past, shareholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility.
If we were involved in securities litigation, we could incur substantial costs and our resources and the attention of management
could be diverted from our business. 

   

 

 
     15 
       
     

   

 FUTURE
SALES OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK, OR THE PERCEPTION IN THE PUBLIC MARKETS THAT THESE SALES MAY OCCUR, MAY DEPRESS OUR STOCK
PRICE. 

   

 The
market price of our common stock could decline significantly as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock.
In addition, if our significant shareholders sell a large number of shares, or if we issue a large number of shares, the market
price of our stock could decline. Any issuance of additional common stock by us in the future, or warrants or options to purchase
our common stock, if exercised, would result in dilution to our existing shareholders. Such issuances could be made at a price
that reflects a discount or a premium to the then-current trading price of our common stock. Moreover, the perception in the public
market that shareholders might sell shares of our stock or that we could make a significant issuance of additional common stock
in the future could depress the market for our shares. These sales, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress
the market price of our common stock or make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at
a price that we deem appropriate. 

   

 We
have issued shares of common stock, options and convertible notes which are convertible into shares of our common stock in connection
with our private placements and certain employment, director and consultant agreements. In addition, we issued shares of our common
stock, options and convertible notes which are convertible into shares of our common stock, in financing transactions and pursuant
to employment agreements that are deemed to be “restricted securities,” as that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated
under the Securities Act. From time to time, certain of our shareholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their restricted
shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144, subject to certain
limitations. The resale pursuant to Rule 144 of shares acquired from us in private transactions could cause our stock price to
decline significantly. 

   

 “PENNY
STOCK” RULES MAY MAKE BUYING OR SELLING OUR COMMON STOCK DIFFICULT. 

   

 If
the market price for our common stock is below $5.00 per share, trading in our common stock may be subject to the “penny
stock” rules. The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market
price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. These rules would require that any broker-dealer that would
recommend our common stock to persons other than prior customers and accredited investors, must, prior to the sale, make a special
written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement to execute the transaction.
Unless an exception is available, the regulations would require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock,
of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with trading in the penny stock market. In
addition, broker-dealers must disclose commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current
quotations for the securities they offer. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage
broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our
common stock. 

   

 SALES
OF OUR CURRENTLY ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING STOCK MAY BECOME FREELY TRADABLE PURSUANT TO RULE 144 AND MAY DILUTE THE MARKET FOR YOUR
SHARES AND HAVE A DEPRESSIVE EFFECT ON THE PRICE OF THE SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 

   

 A
substantial majority of our outstanding shares of common stock are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule
144 under the Securities Act. As restricted shares, these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement
or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Act and as required under applicable
state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that an Affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 144(a)(1)) of an issuer
who has held restricted securities for a period of at least six months (one year after filing Form 10 information with the SEC
for shell companies and former shell companies) may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions,
a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1% of a company’s outstanding shares of common stock or the average
weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks prior to the sale (the four calendar week rule does not apply to companies
quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board). Rule 144 also permits, under certain circumstances, the sale of securities, without any limitation,
by a person who is not an Affiliate of the Company and who has satisfied a one-year holding period. A sale under Rule 144 or under
any other exemption from the Act, if available, or pursuant to subsequent registrations of our shares of common stock, may have
a depressive effect upon the price of our shares of common stock in any active market that may develop. 

   

 

 
     16 
       
     

   

 POTENTIAL
FUTURE FINANCINGS MAY DILUTE THE HOLDINGS OF OUR CURRENT SHAREHOLDERS. 

   

 In
order to provide capital for the operation of our business, in the future we may enter into financing arrangements. These arrangements
may involve the issuance of new shares of common stock, preferred stock that is convertible into common stock, debt securities
that are convertible into common stock or warrants for the purchase of common stock. Any of these items could result in a material
increase in the number of shares of common stock outstanding, which would in turn result in a dilution of the ownership interests
of existing common shareholders. In addition, these new securities could contain provisions, such as priorities on distributions
and voting rights, which could affect the value of our existing common stock. 

   

 WE
CURRENTLY DO NOT INTEND TO PAY DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON STOCK. AS A RESULT, YOUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO ACHIEVE A RETURN ON YOUR INVESTMENT
IS IF THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK APPRECIATES . 

   

 We
currently do not expect to declare or pay dividends on our common stock. In addition, in the future we may enter into agreements
that prohibit or restrict our ability to declare or pay dividends on our common stock. As a result, your only opportunity to achieve
a return on your investment will be if the market price of our common stock appreciates and you sell your shares at a profit. 

   

 YOU
MAY EXPERIENCE DILUTION OF YOUR OWNERSHIP INTEREST DUE TO THE FUTURE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 

   

 We
are in a capital intensive business and we do not have sufficient funds to finance the growth of our business or the costs of
our development projects or to support our projected capital expenditures. As a result, we will require additional funds from
future equity or debt financings, including tax equity financing transactions or sales of preferred shares or convertible debt,
to complete the development of new projects and pay the general and administrative costs of our business. We may in the future
issue our previously authorized and unissued securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of holders of our
common stock. We are currently authorized to issue 250,000,000 shares of common stock. The potential issuance of such additional
shares of common stock or preferred stock or convertible debt may create downward pressure on the trading price of our common
stock. We may also issue additional shares of common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common
stock in future public offerings or private placements for capital raising purposes or for other business purposes. The future
issuance of a substantial number of common shares into the public market, or the perception that such issuance could occur, could
adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common shares. A decline in the price of our common shares could make it more
difficult to raise funds through future offerings of our common shares or securities convertible into common shares. 

   

 OUR
SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ARE VERY THINLY TRADED, AND THE PRICE MAY NOT REFLECT OUR VALUE AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THERE
WILL BE AN ACTIVE MARKET FOR OUR SHARES OF COMMON STOCK EITHER NOW OR IN THE FUTURE. 

   

 Our
shares of common stock are very thinly traded, and the price, if traded, may not reflect our value. There can be no assurance
that there will be an active market for our shares of common stock either now or in the future. The market liquidity will be dependent
on the perception of our operating business and any steps that our management might take to increase awareness of our Company
with investors. There can be no assurance given that there will be any awareness generated. Consequently, investors may not be
able to liquidate their investment or liquidate it at a price that reflects the value of the business. If a more active market
should develop, the price may be highly volatile. Because there may be a low price for our shares of common stock, many brokerage
firms may not be willing to effect transactions in the securities. Even if an investor finds a broker willing to effect a transaction
in the shares of our common stock, the combination of brokerage commissions, transfer fees, taxes, if any, and any other selling
costs may exceed the selling price. Further, many lending institutions will not permit the use of such shares of common stock
as collateral for loans. 

   

 

 
     17 
       
     

   

 WE
HAVE A SIGNIFICANT NUMBER OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF CERTAIN OUTSTANDING OPTIONS, AND CONVERTIBLE
NOTES, AND THE ISSUANCE OF SUCH SHARES UPON EXERCISE OR CONVERSION WILL HAVE A SIGNIFICANT DILUTIVE IMPACT ON OUR STOCKHOLDERS.
SALES OF A SUBSTANTIAL NUMBER OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK FOLLOWING THE EXPIRATION OF LOCK-UPS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT THE MARKET
PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK AND THE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES WILL DILUTE ALL OTHER STOCKHOLDERS. 

   

 As
of March 20, 2019, there are 6,770,500 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of our convertible notes. 

   

 In
addition, our articles of incorporation, as amended, permits the issuance of up to 250 million shares of Common Stock. Thus, we
have the ability to issue substantial amounts of Common Stock in the future, which would dilute the percentage ownership held
by stockholders. 

   

 FUTURE
ISSUANCE OF OUR COMMON STOCK, PREFERRED STOCK, OPTIONS AND WARRANTS COULD DILUTE THE INTERESTS OF EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS. 

   

 We
may issue additional shares of our common stock, preferred stock, options and warrants in the future. The issuance of a substantial
amount of common stock, options and warrants could have the effect of substantially diluting the interests of our current stockholders.
In addition, the sale of a substantial amount of common stock or preferred stock in the public market, or the exercise of a substantial
number of warrants and options either in the initial issuance or in a subsequent resale by the target company in an acquisition
which received such common stock as consideration or by investors who acquired such common stock in a private placement could
have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

   

 WE
DO NOT INTEND TO PAY DIVIDENDS FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE, AND YOU MUST RELY ON INCREASES IN THE MARKET PRICES OF OUR COMMON STOCK
FOR RETURNS ON YOUR INVESTMENT. 

   

 For
the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do not
anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock. Accordingly, investors must be prepared to rely on sales of their common
stock after price appreciation to earn an investment return, which may never occur. Investors seeking cash dividends should not
purchase our common stock. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board and will
depend on our results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and
other factors the Board deems relevant. 

   

 OUR
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS POSSESS SIGNIFICANT VOTING POWER WITH RESPECT TO OUR COMMON STOCK, WHICH WILL LIMIT YOUR INFLUENCE
ON CORPORATE MATTERS. 

   

 As
of March 20, 2019, our directors and executive officers collectively beneficially own approximately 55.31% of
the shares of our common stock including the beneficial ownership of Mr. Liscouski and his affiliates of 12.44% of the shares
of our common stock. 

   

 As
a result, our insiders have the ability to significantly influence our management and affairs through the election and removal
of our Board and all other matters requiring stockholder approval, including any future merger, consolidation or sale of all or
substantially all of our assets. This concentrated voting power could discourage others from initiating any potential merger,
takeover or other change-of-control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders. Furthermore, this concentrated
control will limit the practical effect of your influence over our business and affairs, through any stockholder vote or otherwise.
Any of these effects could depress the price of our common stock. 

   

 

 
     18 
       
     

   

 OUR
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION GRANTS OUR BOARD THE POWER TO ISSUE ADDITIONAL SHARES OF COMMON AND PREFERRED SHARES AND TO DESIGNATE
OTHER CLASSES OF PREFERRED SHARES, ALL WITHOUT STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. 

   

 Our
authorized capital consists of 260,000,000 shares of capital stock of which 10,000,000 shares are authorized as preferred stock.
Our Board, without any action by our stockholders, may designate and issue shares of preferred stock in such series as it deems
appropriate and establish the rights, preferences and privileges of such shares, including dividends, liquidation and voting rights,
provided it is consistent with Delaware law. 

   

 The
rights of holders of our preferred stock that may be issued could be superior to the rights of holders of our shares of common
stock. The designation and issuance of shares of capital stock having preferential rights could adversely affect other rights
appurtenant to shares of our common stock. Furthermore, any issuances of additional stock (common or preferred) will dilute the
percentage of ownership interest of then-current holders of our capital stock and may dilute our book value per share. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    1B. 
     UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS 
 
   

 This
information is not required for smaller reporting companies. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    2. 
     PROPERTIES 
 
   

 We
maintain our current principal office at 215 Depot Court SE #215, Leesburg, VA 20175. Our telephone number at this office is
(703) 436-2161. The Company leases approximately 350 square feet on a month-to-month basis in a multi-tenant facility that
provides conference room space, 24/7 co-working space, and other services on an as-needed basis in Leesburg, VA. The facility
lease can be terminated upon 30 days written notice by the Company. The Company also leases dedicated space for transmission
equipment and 40 square feet of dedicated collocation space on a raised floor area in a data center building in Middletown,
VA through a Master License and Service Agreement (MLSA). The Middletown Data Center facility provides 24/7 support services
for the Company’s secure development environment and intra-company communications and data storage servers. The MLSA
can be terminated upon 30 days’ notice by the Company. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    3. 
     LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS 
 
   

 Other
than described below, there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or any of our
subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our Company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our Company’s
or our Company’s subsidiaries’ officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could
have a material adverse effect. 

   

 On March 14, 2019, we filed a complaint against REMTCS, Inc. (“REMTCS”), Mr. Richard Malinowski
(“Malinowski”) and Mr. Thomas Kelly (“Kelly”), the latter two are a former employee and consultant, respectively,
in the Superior Court of New Jersey, Monmouth County, alleging multiple breach of contract claims, unjust enrichment, breach of
fiduciary duties, among other claims against pursuant to certain employment and consulting agreements between the parties, REMTCS,
Malinowski and Kelly. The amount the Company seeks is in excess of $670,000. The Company believes it  has
strong grounds to win this lawsuit, but our attorneys estimate that it may take some time to be resolved.  

   

 
 
     ITEM
    4. 
     MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
   

 Not
applicable. 

   

 

 
     19 
       
     

   

 PART
II 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    5. 
     MARKET
    FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 
   

 Market
Information 

   

 Our
Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Current Information Marketplace under the symbol “QUBT”. 

   

 Holders
of Record 

   

 As
of March 20, 2019, there were approximately 872 holders of record of our Common Stock. The last reported sale price of our Common
Stock on March 20, 2019 on the OTC Markets was $4.05 per share. 

   

 Dividend
Policy 

   

 We
have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common or capital stock. We do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future. The declaration and payment of dividends on the Common Stock is at the discretion of our Board and will depend
on, among other things, our operating results, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions or such other
factors as our Board may deem relevant. We currently expect to use all available funds to finance the future development and expansion
of our business and do not anticipate paying dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 

   

 Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

   

 The
Company has not yet adopted an equity compensation plan but plans to do so in the near future.  

   

 Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

   

 During
the year ended December 31, 2018, we issued securities that were not registered under the Securities Act, and were not previously
disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K as listed below. Except where noted, all of the securities discussed in this Item 5
were issued in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

   

 The
Company sold 500,000 shares (post reverse split) of common stock to Convergent Risk Group, LLC (the “CRG Shares”),
an entity owned by the Company’s now Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Mr. Robert Liscouski, for an aggregate
purchase price of $155,000.00. Financing for the purchase of the CRG Shares was provided to Convergent Risk Group, LLC by a group
of accredited investors (the “Original Investors”), in exchange for promissory notes from CRG (the “CRG Liabilities”).
In order to further induce the Mr. Liscouski to accept his position as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, the Company
agreed to assume the CRG Liabilities in exchange for the Company’s issuance of convertible promissory notes to the Original
Investors in the principal aggregate amount of $400,000 (the “January Quantum Notes”). The January Quantum Notes can
be converted to shares of the Company’s common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share at any time prior to, or at,
the maturity date of August 10, 2019. 

   

 December
24, 2017 - 92,500 shares issued to William Alessi pursuant to Court order settling litigation against the Company. Shares to be
free trading and without a restrictive legend. This block of shares was issued subject to a 5 year non dilution provision enabling
Alessi to maintain a 4.95% equity position in the Company. These shares were issued in reliance on the exemption under Section
3(a)(10) of the Securities Act. 

   

 December
24, 2017 - 500,000 shares issued to Company Treasury pursuant to Court order settling litigation against the Company. 

   

 January
22, 2018 - 500,000 Treasury shares sold to Convergent Risk Group, LLC for $155,000 and proceeds of the sale were remitted to William
Alessi pursuant to Court order settling litigation against the Company. 

   

 In
January 2018 the Company issued an aggregate of $400,000 in the principal amount of Convertible Promissory Notes,
convertible at $0.10 per share (after a 1:200 reverse stock split), to a group of accredited investors. These notes are due
August 10, 2019 and as of September 30, 2018 the notes had not been converted and no shares have been issued relating to
these Notes. In April 2018 the Company issued an additional Convertible Promissory Note, also convertible at
$0.10 per share. In December 2018 this Note was converted, along with accrued interest, into 1,002,422 shares of common stock. 

   

 During
the period March 1-September 30, 2018 the Company accepted subscriptions for $75,000 of common stock at $0.40 per share (after
a 1:200 reverse stock split), to a group of accredited investors. The Company issued 187,500 shares of common stock pursuant to
these Subscription Agreements in October 2018. 

   

 

 
     20 
       
     

   

 In March 2018 the Company commenced an
offering of up to $15,000,000 of Convertible Promissory Notes, convertible at $1.00 per share (after a 1:200 reverse stock split),
to a group of accredited investors. One Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of $250,000 was made convertible at $0.25 per
share in exchange for the investor agreeing to serve on the Board. Another Convertible Promissory Note was made convertible at
$0.10 per share in exchange for the investor providing certain investor relations services. These Convertible Promissory Notes
mature twelve (12) months from the date of issuance and as of October 31, 2018, investments had been received for $3,495,500 in
this offering. In October 2018 the Board of Directors formally closed the Convertible Note Offering. As of March 20, 2019, $725,000
of the Notes (plus accrued interest) had been converted and 1,510,377 shares have been issued relating to these Notes. 

   

 In September 2018 the Company issued a
total of 4,800,000 shares of common stock to senior management and research and development executives as grants, pursuant to their
respective employment agreements, which were effective March 1, 2018. The shares are restricted, and subject to a lockup agreement,
and a three year recoupment provision whereby the shares are forfeited to the Company if the employee’s employment is terminated
before the end of the third year of employment (February 28, 2021). The number of shares subject to recoupment declines over time.
In November 2018 two senior managers resigned and to date 4,000,000 shares of these grants have been cancelled as of December 31,
2018. 

   

 We issued 130,000 shares in October 2018
to a shareholder of the Company pursuant to the non-dilution covenant directed by the 2017 North Carolina court order. The shares
were issued under Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act. 

    

 In
October 2018 the Company issued 150,000 shares of common stock to Cascade IR, LLC, an investor relations firm, as compensation
for services pursuant to the terms of a consulting agreement the Company entered into with Cascade IR, LLC in September 2018. 

   

 Also
in October 2018, the Company converted $725,000 principal amount of convertible promissory notes, plus $16,711 of accrued interest
into 1,510,377 shares of common stock. 

   

 In
December 2018 the Company converted $100,000 principal amount of convertible promissory notes, plus $2,422 of accrued interest,
into 1,002,422 shares of common stock. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    6. 
     SELECTED
    FINANCIAL DATA 
 
   

 We
are not required to provide the information required by this item because we are a smaller reporting company. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    7. 
     MANAGEMENT’S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
   

 The
following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2017 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial statements
that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations
that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing
of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors.
See “Forward-Looking Statements.” 

   

 Management’s
discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (“MD&A”) is a supplement to the accompanying
condensed financial statements and provides additional information on Quantum Computing Inc.’s (“Quantum” or
the “Company’) business, current developments, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

   

 When
we say “we,” “us,” “our,” “Company,” or “Quantum,” we mean Quantum
Computing Inc. 

   

 

 
     21 
       
     

   

 Overview 

   

 At
the present time, we are a development stage company with limited operations.  The Company plans to enter the market
for high performance computers and software applications, specifically focusing on what are known as “quantum computers”.
The Company is assembling a team of experts in super computing technology and quantum mathematics, which will focus on both design
and development of a quantum computer simulator (a “quantum annealer”) and several quantum software applications targeting
solutions to non-deterministic polynomial applications. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2018 the Company recruited
a management and technical team to begin developing and designing the quantum annealer and related quantum software applications.
 Much of the time during the twelve months ended December 31, 2018 was spent starting the Company’s business and operations.
The Company is assembling a development team which will initially focus on addressing computational problems in the financial
services, defense, heavy manufacturing, and computer security (cyber) market segments.  The Company’s development
team includes world class mathematicians, high performance computer hardware designers, and software developers.  

   

 Critical
Accounting Policies 

   

 Our
significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 1 to our audited financial statements for the years ended December 31,
2018 and December 31, 2017. Certain of our accounting policies require the application of significant judgment by our management,
and such judgments are reflected in the amounts reported in our condensed consolidated financial statements. In applying these
policies, our management uses judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of estimates.
Those estimates are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of market trends, information
provided by our strategic partners and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. Actual results may differ
significantly from the estimates contained in our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

   

 Results
of Operations 

   

 Twelve
Months Ended December 31, 2018 vs. December 31, 2017 

   

 Revenues 

   

 
 
         
     For the Twelve Months Ended
    December 31, 2017     
     For the Twelve Months Ended
    December 31, 2017     
         
 
     (In thousands)   
     Amount     
     Mix     
     Amount     
     Mix     
     Change   
 
     Products   
       0     
       0 %   
       0     
       0 %   
       0 % 
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Services   
       0     
       0 %   
       0     
       0 %   
       0 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 0     
       100.0 %   
     $ 0     
       100.0 %   
       0 % 
 

   

 

 Revenues
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2018 were $0 as compared with $0 for the comparable prior year period, a change of $0,
or 0%. The lack of revenue is due to the fact that the Company has not yet completed the development and testing of any products
for sale, or offered services to any customers. 

   

 Cost
of Revenues 

   

 Cost
of revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2018 was $0 as compared with $0 for the comparable prior year period, a change
of $0 or 0%. There was no cost of revenues recorded because the Company has not yet commenced marketing and selling products or
services. 

   

 Gross
Margin 

   

 Gross
margin for the twelve months ended December 31, 2018 was $0 as compared with $0 for the comparable prior year period. There was
no gross margin because the Company has not yet commenced marketing and selling products or services. 

   

 Operating
Expenses 

   

 Operating
expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2018 were $30,667,093 as compared with $175,000 for the comparable prior year
period, an increase of $30,492,093, or 17,424%. The increase in operating expenses is due to the commencement of business operations
in 2018, resulting in a $761,972 increase in salary expenses, a $96,360 increase in payroll taxes and benefits, a $331,228 increase
in consulting fees, a $47,744 increase in travel costs, a $73,859 increase in legal and audit fees, a $24,342,014 increase in
stock based compensation, a $4,082,807 increase in interest expense, a $625,333 increase in asset impairment charges, and a $175,000
increase in executive recruiting fees compared to the comparable prior year period. 

   

 

 
     22 
       
     

   

 Net
Loss 

   

 Our
net loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2018 was $30,667,093 as compared with a net loss of $175,000 for the comparable
prior year period, an increase of $30,492,093 or 17,424%. The increase in net loss is primarily due to the increase in operating
expenses recorded in the current period compared to the comparable prior year period. 

   

 

 Professional Fees 

   

 Legal fees for the twelve months
ended December 31, 2018 were $58,859. Audit fees for the twelve months ended December 31, 2018 were $15,000. No professional
fees were incurred during the twelve months ended December 31, 2017. 

   

 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

   

 Operating expenses for the twelve months
ended December 31, 2018 were $30,041,760 as compared with $1,500 for the comparable prior year period, an increase of $30,040,260.
The increase in operating expenses is due to the commencement of business operations in 2018, resulting in a $761,972 increase
in salary expenses, a  $96,360 increase in payroll taxes and benefits, a $331,228 increase
in consulting fees, a $47,744 increase  in travel costs, a $73,859 increase in legal and audit fees, a $24,342,014 increase
in stock based compensation, a $4,082,807 increase in interest expense, and a $175,000 increase in executive recruiting fees compared
to the comparable prior year period. 

   

 Interest Expense 

   

 Interest expense of $87,307 was accrued
on convertible promissory notes during the twelve months ended December 31, 2018, compared with $0 interest expense accrued during
the comparable period in 2017. A total of $19,133 of accrued interest was converted to common stock during the three months ended
December 31, 2018 when the holders of convertible promissory notes converted their Notes to stock. In addition, the Company accrued
Beneficial Conversion Feature expense of $3,995,500 relating to the Convertible Promissory Note offering, which was also recorded
as interest expense. As of December 20, 2018, the Company had accrued $68,174 of interest on the Convertible Promissory Notes. 

   

 Net Loss 

   

 Our net loss for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2018 was $30,667,093 as compared with a net loss of $175,000 for the comparable prior year period, an increase of
$30,492,093 or 17,424%. The increase in net loss is primarily due to the increase in operating expenses recorded in the current
period compared to the comparable prior year period. 

   

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

   

 Since commencing operations as Quantum
Computing in February 2018, the Company has raised $75,000 through private placement of equity and $3,995,500 through private
placements of Convertible Promissory Notes for a total of $4,070,500 in new investment. The Company has no bank loans or lines
of credit, and no long term debt obligations. As of March 20, 2019 the Company had cash and equivalents of $1.38 Million on hand. 

   

 Financings 

   

 To
finance the acquisition of the control block of shares in IBGH, an investor group (the “Initial Investors”), loaned
Convergent Risk Group, LLC (“Convergent”) $275,000, in exchange for Promissory Notes from Convergent (the “Promissory
Notes”) in the total amount of $275,000. Convergent, a Virginia limited liability company, is owned 100% by Mr. Robert Liscouski,
the Company’s CEO. To induce Mr. Liscouski to serve as CEO of the Company, the Company assumed the “Promissory Notes”
in the total amount of $275,000 and certain liabilities (the “Liabilities”). The Liabilities and the Promissory Notes
are collectively the “Convergent Liabilities.” The Convergent Liabilities assumed by the Company were exchanged for
Convertible Promissory Notes issued by the Company for $275,000 (the same amount that Convergent had issued them for). The Convertible
Promissory Notes accrue interest at eight percent (8%) per annum and are convertible into common stock of the Company at a conversion
price of $0.10 per share at any time prior to or at August 10, 2020. The Company also assumed a promissory note from one of the
Initial Investors to Convergent in the amount of $100,000, which is payable on or before June 30, 2019. The promissory note was
issued in payment for a promissory note from Convergent to the Initial Investor, which has also been assumed by the Company in
exchange for a Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of $100,000, convertible to Company common shares at a conversion price
of $0.10 per share. If the promissory note is paid in full on or before June 30, 2019, the Company’s Convertible Promissory
Note will convert and shares will be issued. If the promissory note is not paid in full on or before June 30, 2019, the Company’s
Convertible Promissory Note held by this investor will be cancelled, and no shares will be issued. While the conversion of the
Convertible Promissory Notes is mandatory prior to August 10, 2020, the election to convert is at the option of the Initial Investor.
The Company has no obligation to repay the Initial Investors in cash. However, the conversion of the Convertible Promissory Notes
will result in dilution of other shareholders once the Initial Investors convert their notes into the Company’s common stock. 

   

 
     23 
       
     

 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    7A. 
     QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
   

 We
are not required to provide the information required by this Item because we are a smaller reporting company. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    8. 
     FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
   

 The
financial statements required by this Item 8 are included in this Annual Report following Item 15 hereof. As a smaller reporting
company, we are not required to provide supplementary financial information. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    9. 
     CHANGES
    IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
   

 None. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    9A. 
     CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES 
 
   

 Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

   

 We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports,
filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no
matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control
objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating
the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls also is based
in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed
in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in
a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

   

 As
required by the SEC Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b), we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses described below. 

   

 To
address these material weaknesses, management engaged financial consultants, performed additional analyses and other procedures
to ensure that the financial statements included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results
of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

   

 

 
     24 
       
     

   

 Management’s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.  

   

 The
management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (“ICFR”)
for the Company. Our internal control system was designed to, in general, provide reasonable assurance to the Company’s
management and board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements, but because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

   

 Our
management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018.
The framework used by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled “2013 Internal
Control – Integrated Framework” issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based
on that assessment, management concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures
were not effective as of December 31, 2018 and that material weaknesses in ICFR existed as more fully described below. 

     

 A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, within the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (“PCAOB”) Auditing Standard AS 2201, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. Management has identified the following material weaknesses which have caused management to conclude
that as of December 31, 2017 our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective at the reasonable assurance level: 

   

 
 
       
     1. 
     We
    do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls
    over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act which is applicable to us for the year
    ended December 31, 2018. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have written documentation of our internal controls
    and procedures on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that
    resulted represented a material weakness. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     2.
     
     We
    do not have sufficient resources in our accounting function, which restricts the Company’s ability to gather, analyze
    and properly review information related to financial reporting in a timely manner. As a result, due to our size and nature,
    segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be     possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the
    extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody     of assets and the recording of transactions should be
    performed by separate individuals. Management evaluated the impact of     our failure to have segregation of duties on our
    assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that     the control deficiency that resulted
    represented a material weakness. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     3.
      
     We
    have inadequate controls to ensure that information necessary to properly record transactions is adequately communicated on
    a timely basis from non-financial personnel to those responsible for financial reporting. Management evaluated the impact
    of the lack of timely communication between non–financial personnel and financial personnel on our assessment of our
    reporting controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency represented a material weakness. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     4.  
     Certain
    control procedures were unable to be verified due to performance not being sufficiently documented. As an example, some procedures
    requiring review of certain reports could not be verified due to there being no written documentation of such review. Management
    evaluated the impact of its failure to maintain proper documentation of the review process on its assessment of its reporting
    controls and procedures and has concluded deficiencies represented a material weakness. 
 
   

 We
intend to continue to address these weaknesses as resources permit. 

   

 

 
     25 
       
     

 

 

   

 Notwithstanding
the assessment that our ICFR was not effective and that there are material weaknesses as identified herein, we believe that our
consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report fairly present our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows for the years covered thereby in all material respects. 

    

 This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company’s registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management’s report was not subject to attestation by the Company’s registered public
accounting firm as we are a smaller reporting company and are not required to provide the report. 

   

 Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

   

 There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule
13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2017 that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, except the implementation of the controls identified
above. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    9B. 
     OTHER
    INFORMATION 
 
   

 None. 

   

 PART
III 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    10. 
     DIRECTORS,
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 
   

 The
following table contains information with respect to our directors and executive officers. To the best of our knowledge, none
of our directors or executive officers have an arrangement or understanding with any other person pursuant to which he or she
was selected as a director or officer. There are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. Directors
serve one year terms. Our executive officers are appointed by and serve at the pleasure of the board of directors. 

   

 
 
     Name 
       
     Current
    Age 
       
     Position 
 
     Robert
    Liscouski 
       
     62 
       
     Chairman
    of the Board of Directors, President, and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
     Christopher
    Roberts 
       
     64 
       
     Chief
    Financial Officer, (Principal Financial Officer) (Principal Accounting Officer), Director 
 
     Bertrand
    Velge 
       
     58 
       
     Director 
 
     Justin
    Schreiber 
       
     35 
       
     Director 
 
   

 Robert
Liscouski, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

   

 Mr.
Liscouski, age 62, is the Chairman and CEO of Quantum Computing. Mr. Liscouski is CEO and Founder of Convergent Risk Group LLC
and a proven security professional, thought leader and successful entrepreneur with over 35 years of senior level security operational
and company leadership experience in government and public and private companies. 

   

 Mr.
Liscouski is a recognized Security Industry leader in assessing, mitigating and managing physical and cyber security risk in private
sector enterprises and state and federal government agencies. Mr. Liscouski has extensive experience in leading innovative start
up and turn around companies as well as building programs for large government organizations and is recognized as a leader in
identifying emerging security technologies. He serves as a “Trusted Advisor” to senior officials within government
and private sector, providing guidance in areas such as physical and cyber security, crisis management, organizational development
and strategic planning. Mr. Liscouski’s career has spanned local law enforcement, senior government and private sector positions
from operations to senior leadership and Boards of Directors. He started his career as an undercover and homicide investigator,
and Special Agent with the Diplomatic Security Service and progressed to senior federal government positions where he served as
a senior advisor to the intelligence community and was appointed by President George W. Bush as the first Assistant Secretary
for Infrastructure Protection at the Department of Homeland Security. He most recently was President of a public company that
became a leader in the explosive trace detection industry culminating in the sale of the technology to L3 Communications. Mr.
Liscouski is a frequent contributor to CNBC, CNN, Fox News, and other business and security media on Homeland Security and Terrorism
issues. 

   

 

 
     26 
       
     

   

 Christopher
Roberts, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

   

 Mr.
Roberts, age 64, is the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Roberts has a law degree from the University of Virginia
Law School and a B.S, in Electrical Engineering and an M.B.A., both from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His M.B.A.
was concentrated in Finance and Management of Technology. He started his career working for Raytheon Co. (a Fortune 500 company).
Thereafter, he practiced law at two large NYC law firms. Since leaving the private practice of law, Mr. Roberts has worked primarily
in financial management roles with a number of government contractors in the aerospace, defense and Information technology sectors. 

   

 Mr.
Roberts has more than 30 years’ experience in public and private corporate finance and government contracting, including
professional services, software products, and hardware manufacturing businesses. Mr. Roberts has served as the Chief Financial
Officer of both public and private companies during the course of his career, including Secure Point Technologies, Systems Made
Simple, Inc. (now a subsidiary of Leidos), Integral Systems Inc. (a publicly company traded on NASDAQ under the symbol “ISYS.”
now a subsidiary of Kratos), and Pearson Analytic Solutions (now a subsidiary of General Dynamics). From 2012 to November 2016,
he worked first as the CFO, and later as the President of Systems Made Simple, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Leidos. Mr.
Roberts is a co-author of Antitrust for Business, and has published articles on antitrust and patent law, space policy, information
technology, and corporate finance. 

   

 Justin
Schreiber, Director 

   

 Mr.
Schreiber, age 35, is the President and founder of JLS Ventures, a venture capital and capital markets advisory firm that partners
with entrepreneurs and emerging growth companies to build disruptive products and technologies in the technology, healthcare and
consumer products verticals. Mr. Schreiber is also the President, CEO and a Director of Conversion Labs Inc., a publicly traded
direct to consumer e-commerce company. Prior to founding JLS Ventures, Mr. Schreiber ran a consulting business that provided investor
relations, advisory services and capital raising solutions to small publicly traded companies. In addition to his capital markets
experience, Mr. Schreiber previously worked for a global healthcare consulting firm as well as in the foreign currency trading
business. He holds a BS in International Business from Elizabethtown College and a BA in International Management from the ICN
École de management in Nancy, France 

   

 Bertrand
Velge, Director 

   

 Mr.
Velge, age 58, is the Managing Director of Graftyset, Ltd., a privately held company based in the United Kingdom. Graftyset is
a wholesale distributor of wine, beer and other alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverage, based in Sidcup, Kent (UK). Mr. Velge has
served as Managing Director since the company was incorporated in 2003 under the name of Otterden Vintners, Ltd. Mr. Velge also
served as Director for Aliunde Ltd. since 2005. Mr. Velge has over twenty years of experience in multi-disciplinary venture investing
and was managing director and co-founder of a fund that trades equities in Europe, Asia and the US focusing on IPOs. He speaks
English, Flemish and French, and is a graduate of the Universite Catholique de Louvain. 

   

 Key
Employee 

   

 Sergey
Schuster, Quantitative Data Scientist and Systems Architect 

   

 Sergey
Shuster, age 55, has over 25 years of experience in the design and implementation of high performance computer systems and financial
algorithms which have been used in most major financial markets. Mr. Shuster has 20 years of derivatives pricing and market and
credit risk experience (risk neutral, supply/demand, fundamental/technical); Fixed Income, MBS, CMO, ABS, FX, Muni, Emerging Markets,
Equity, Commodities, Credit Derivatives, Algorithmic trading and Cyber Currencies. Mr. Shuster has developed more than 200 quantitative
models which have been implemented in C++, Java, SCALA, R, C#, C, FORTRAN, VB, Excel, SQL, Matlab, S-Plus and Stata trading and
risk management systems, and has experience utilizing the best software development practices. Sergey has designed, developed
and implemented multiple client systems which delivered multiples of competitors’ returns. Prior to immigration to the United
States, Mr. Shuster performed research in Russia in Artificial Intelligence and Quantum Computing. Mr. Shuster was a winner in
the Mathematical and Physics Olympiad in 1986. Sergey’s work in financial algorithms is now considered standard in applied
quantitative mathematics. Mr. Shuster received a Masters Degree in Economics from Queens College, City University of New York,
in 2007 and has taught college courses in Macro, Micro and Advanced Financial Economics, Corporate Finance and Investment Analysis.  

   

 

 
     27 
       
     

   

 Family
Relationships. 

   

 There
are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. 

   

 Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings. 

   

 Other
than as disclosed below, there have been no events under any bankruptcy act, any criminal proceedings and any judgments, injunctions,
orders or decrees material to the evaluation of the ability and integrity of any director, executive officer, promoter or control
person of the Company during the past five years. 

   

 Our
Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Robert Liscouski, was President of Implant Sciences Corporation, which filed a petition for bankruptcy
on October 11, 2016 in the Delaware Bankruptcy Court. 

   

 Board
Composition 

   

 Our
Board is currently composed of four members. Our articles of incorporation and our bylaws permit our stockholders to establish
by resolution the authorized number of directors. Our directors hold office until their successors have been elected and qualified,
or the earlier of their death, resignation or removal. 

   

 Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

   

 The
Company has adopted a Code of Ethics. 

   

 Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

   

 To
the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

   

 
 
       
     ● 
     been
    convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
    minor offenses); 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     had
    any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or
    business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or
    within two years prior to that time; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     been
    subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction
    or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement
    in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities,
    or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     been
    found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to
    have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     been
    the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
    reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an
    alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial
    institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement
    or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or
    any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     ● 
     been
    the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
    organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of
    the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority
    over its members or persons associated with a member. 
 
   

 

 
     28 
       
     

   

 Except
as set forth in our discussion below in “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,” none of our directors or
executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates
which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

   

 Term
of Office 

   

 Our
directors are appointed at the annual meeting of shareholders and hold office until the annual meeting of the shareholders next
succeeding his or her election, or until his or her prior death, resignation or removal in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers
are appointed by the Board and hold office until the annual meeting of the Board next succeeding his or her election, and until
his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, subject to earlier termination by his or her death, resignation
or removal. 

   

 Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

   

 As of December 31, 2018 and through the date of this filing, we did not have a class of securities registered under the
Exchange Act and therefore our directors, executive officers, and any persons holding more than ten percent of our Common Stock
were not required to comply with Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    11. 
     EXECUTIVE
    COMPENSATION 
 
   

 Summary
Compensation Table 

   

 The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers
paid by us during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. 

   

 2018
EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION TABLE 

   

 
 
     Name and Principal Position   
     Year     
     Salary  ($)     
     Bonus  ($)     
     Stock Awards  ($)     
     Option Awards  ($)     
     Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation  ($)     
     Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation   Earnings   ($)     
     All Other Compensation  ($)     
     Total  ($)   
 
     Angela Collete   
     2018     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
          0     
       0   
 
     (Receiver)   
     2017     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0   
 
         
     2016     
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
         
           
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Robert Liscouski   
     2018     
       300,000     
       0     
       100,000     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       400,000   
 
     Chief Executive   
     2017     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Officer (PEO)   
     2016     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
         
           
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Christopher Roberts   
     2018     
       165,763     
       0     
       300,000     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       0     
       465,763   
 
     Treasurer (PFO)   
     2017     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
         
     2016     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —   
 


   

 

 
     29 
       
     

   

 

 Outstanding
Equity Awards at the End of the Fiscal Year 

   

 We
do not have any equity compensation plans and therefore no equity awards are outstanding as of December 31, 2018.  

   

 2018
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE 

   

 The
following table provides information on outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2018 to the named executive officers. 

   

 
 
       
       
     Option Awards 
       
       
     Stock Awards 
       
 
     Name 
       
     Number of securities underlying unexercised options exercisable 
       
       
     Number of securities underlying unexercised options unexercisable 
       
       
     Equity incentive plan awards: Number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options 
       
       
     Option exercise price 
       
       
     Option expiration date 
       
       
     Number of shares or units of stock that have not vested 
       
       
     Market value of shares of units that have not vested 
       
       
     Equity incentive plan awards: Number of unearned shares, units or other rights vested 
       
       
     Equity incentive plan awards: Market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other not vested 
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     N/A 
       
       
           
       
       
       
           
       
       
             
       
       
       
           
       
       
       
           
       
       
       
           
       
       
       
           
       
       
       
           
       
       
       
            
       
 
     N/A 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     N/A 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 


 

   

 None
of the members of the board of directors of the Company were compensated for services in such capacity. 

   

 Bonuses
and Deferred Compensation 

   

 We
do not have any bonus, deferred compensation or retirement plan. All decisions regarding compensation are determined by our board
of directors. 

   

 Options
and Stock Appreciation Rights 

   

 As
of March 20, 2019, no options have been issued. 

   

 Payment
of Post-Termination Compensation 

   

 We
do not have change-in-control agreements with our director or executive officer, and we are not obligated to pay severance or
other enhanced benefits to our executive officer upon termination of his employment. 

   

 

 
     30 
       
     

   

 Employment
Agreements 

   

 Mr.
Liscouski Employment Agreement 

   

 We
entered into an employment agreement with Robert Liscouski, our Chief Executive Officer, on February 15, 2018 (the “Liscouski
Employment Agreement”). The agreement is for an indefinite term, subject to periodic review by the Board of Directors, stipulates
a base salary (the “Base Salary”) of $360,000 per year. For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019 and for subsequent
fiscal years, the Liscouski Employment Agreement allows for an annual incentive bonus in the amount up to $150,000 per year, subject
to Mr. Liscouski achieving certain performance based milestones that are established by the Board of Directors. In connection
with the Liscouski Employment Agreement, Mr. Liscouski was issued 100,000 restricted shares of the Company’s common stock. 

   

 As
a full-time employee of the Company, Mr. Liscouski will be eligible to participate in the Company’s benefit programs. 

   

 Mr.
Liscouski’s employment may be terminated by the Company with or without “Cause”. “Cause” shall mean
(i) conviction or entry of nolo contendere to any felony or a crime involving moral turpitude, fraud or embezzlement of Company
property; (ii) dishonesty, gross negligence or gross misconduct that is materially injurious to the Company or material failure
to perform her/his duties under this Agreement which has not been cured by Mr. Liscouski within 10 days after he shall have received
written notice from the Company stating with reasonable specificity the nature of such failure to perform; and (iii) illegal use
or use of drugs, alcohol, or other related substances that is materially injurious to the Company. If the Company terminates Mr.
Liscouski’s employment without “Cause” the Company will continue payment of Mr. Liscouski’s Base Salary
for an additional twelve (12) months from the date Mr. Liscouski is terminated. 

   

 Mr.
Roberts Consulting Agreement 

   

 We
entered into a consulting agreement with Christopher Roberts, our Chief Financial Officer, on March 1, 2018 (the “Roberts
Agreement”) whereby Mr. Roberts is to provide the Company with financial and accounting and business strategy services.
Mr. Roberts is to be paid $150.00 on an hourly basis. In connection with the Roberts Agreement, Mr. Roberts was issued 300,000
restricted shares of the Company’s common stock. 

   

 The
Roberts Agreement may be terminated by either party at will, for any reason or no reason, upon fourteen (14) days prior written
notice. 

   

 Mr.
Schuster Employment Agreement 

   

 We
entered into an employment agreement with Sergey Schuster, an employee of the Company, on February 28, 2018 (the “Schuster
Employment Agreement”). Mr. Schuster is entitled to a monthly salary of $25,000. In connection with the Schuster Employment
Agreement, Mr. Schuster also received 400,000 restricted shares of the Company’s common stock. 

   

 As
a full-time employee of the Company, Mr. Schuster will be eligible to participate in the Company’s benefit programs. 

   

 The
Schuster Employment Agreement may be terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days written notice. The Company may also terminate
Mr. Schuster immediately if Mr. Schuster engages in serious misconduct or dishonesty. 

    

 Director
Agreements 

   

 The
Company has not currently entered into any formal written agreements with members of its Board of Directors. 

   

 Board
of Directors 

   

 Our
directors hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified.
Our officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the board of directors. 

   

 The
board of directors acts as the Audit Committee and the board of directors has no separate committees. The Company has no qualified
financial expert at this time because it has not been able to hire a qualified candidate. The Company intends to continue to search
for a qualified individual for hire. 

   


 
     31 
       
     


   

 
 
     ITEM
    12. 
     SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 
   

 The
following table sets forth, as of March 25, 2019, the number of shares of common stock owned of record and beneficially
by our executive officers, directors and persons who hold 5% or more of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. 

   

 The
amounts and percentages of our common stock beneficially owned are reported on the basis of SEC rules governing the determination
of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the SEC rules, a person is deemed to be a “beneficial owner” of a security
if that person has or shares “voting power,” which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security,
or “investment power,” which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person
is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within
60 days through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed
a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which such person
has no economic interest. Unless otherwise indicated, each of the shareholders named in the table below, or his or her family
members, has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares of our common stock. Except as otherwise indicated,
the address of each of the shareholders listed below is: c/o Quantum Computing Inc., 215 Depot Court SE #215, Leesburg, VA 20175. 

   

 Applicable
percentage ownership is based on 4,749,161 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 25, 2019. In computing the number of
shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we deemed to be outstanding
all shares of Common Stock as held by that person or entity that are currently exercisable or that will become exercisable within
60 days of March 25, 2019. 


   

 
     32 
       
     

   

 

 
 
     Name and Address of Beneficial Owner   
     Common Stock Owned Beneficially     
     Percent of Class   
 
     Named Executive Officers and Directors   
           
         
 
     Robert Liscouski, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (1)   
       612,500     
       12.44   
 
     Christopher Roberts, Chief Financial Officer (2)   
       325,000     
       6.6   
 
     Bertrand Velge (3)   
       1,774,888     
       31.28   
 
     Justin Schreiber (4)   
       258,001     
       4.99   
 
     All directors and officers as a group (4 persons)   
       2,970,389     
       55.31   
 
     5% or greater shareholders   
             
           
 
     Peter Schultz (5)   
       1,002,422     
       20.36   
 
     Sergey Schuster (6)   
       400,000     
       8.12   
 
     Total   
       4,372,811     
       83.79   
 

   

 
 
     * 
     Less
    than 1% 
 
   

 
 
     (1) 
     Includes
    612,500 shares of common stock. 
 
   

 
 
     (2) 
     Includes
    325,000 shares of common stock. 
 
   

 
 
     (3) 
     Includes
    1,024,888 shares of common stock and 750,000 shares of common stock underlying convertible notes. 
 
   

 
 
     (4) 
     Mr.
    Schreiber has voting and investment control of the following shares: 1,000,000 shares of common stock underlying convertible
    notes which JOJ Holdings, LLC holds, however the convertible promissory notes are not exercisable to the extent that the shares
    of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the convertible notes would result in a beneficial ownership of Mr. Schreiber
    above 4.99% of the Company’s outstanding share amount. Mr. Schreiber is the President of JOJ Holdings, LLC and is the
    beneficial owner of these securities. 
 
   

 
 
     (5) 
     Includes
    1,002,422 shares of common stock. 
 
   

 
 
     (6) 
     Includes
    400,000 shares of common stock. 
 
   

 Changes
in Control 

   

 We
are not aware of any arrangements that may result in “changes in control” as that term is defined by the provisions
of Item 403(c) of Regulation S-K. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    13. 
     CERTAIN
    RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 
   

 To
finance the acquisition of the control block of shares in IBGH, an investor group (the “Initial Investors.”), loaned
Convergent Risk Group, LLC (Convergent) $275,000, in exchange for Promissory Notes from Convergent (the “Promissory Notes”)
in the total amount of $275,000. Convergent, a Virginia limited liability company, is owned 100% by Mr. Robert Liscouski, who
is the CEO and currently the majority shareholder of the Company. To induce Mr. Liscouski to serve as CEO of the Company, the
Company assumed the “Promissory Notes” in the total amount of $275,000 and certain liabilities (the “Liabilities”).
The Liabilities and the Promissory Notes are collectively the “Convergent Liabilities.” The Convergent Liabilities
assumed by the Company were exchanged for Convertible Promissory Notes issued by the Company for $275,000 (the same amount that
Convergent had issued them for). The Convertible Promissory Notes accrue interest at eight percent (8%) per annum and are convertible
into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.10 per share at any time prior to or at August 10, 2019. The Company
also assumed a promissory note from one of the Initial Investors to Convergent in the amount of $100,000, which is payable on
or before December 31, 2018. While the conversion of the Convertible Promissory Notes is mandatory prior to August 10, 2019, the
election to convert is at the option of the Initial Investor. The Company has no obligation to repay the Initial Investors in
cash. However, the conversion of the Convertible Promissory Notes will result in dilution of other shareholders once the Initial
Investors convert their notes into the Company’s common stock. 

   

 

 
     33 
       
     

   

 REMTC,
Inc. 

   

 To
provide the Company with a highly secure development environment and intra-company data management and communication system, the
Company contracted with REMTC, Inc. to acquire the necessary hardware and software, configure and install the REMTC proprietary
security system, known as “PASS.” REMTC is wholly owned by Richard Malinowski, the Company’s former Chief Information
and Operations Officer. The total cost of the PASS System was approximately $705,000. This PASS system is currently one of the
subjects of the legal proceedings referenced in Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    14. 
     PRINCIPAL
    ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 
   

 Thayer
O’Neal Company, LLC served as our independent registered public accountants for the year ended December 31, 2017. BF Borgers
CPA PC served as our independent registered public accountants for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

   

 Audit
Fees 

   

 

 For the Company’s fiscal years ended December
31, 2018 and 2017, we were billed approximately $17,638 and $0, respectively, for professional services rendered by our independent
auditors for the audit and review of our financial statements. 



   

 Tax
Fees 

   

 For
the Company’s fiscal years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, there were no fees for professional services rendered by our
independent auditors for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning.  

   

 All
Other Fees 

   

 For
the Company’s fiscal years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, we were billed approximately $1,800 and $0, respectively,
for professional services rendered by our independent auditors related to the Registration Statement on Form 10-12(g) and amendments
thereto filed with the SEC in those years.  

   

 Pre-Approval
Policies 

   

 All
of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the entire Board. No services were performed before or without approval. 

   

 

 
     34 
       
     

   

 PART
IV 

   

 
 
     ITEM
    15. 
     EXHIBITS,
    FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 
   

 
 
       
     (a) 
     EXHIBITS 
 
   

 We
have filed the exhibits listed on the accompanying Exhibit Index of this registration statement and below in this Item 15: 

   

 

 
 
       
       
       
       
     Incorporated by 
       
       
 
     Exhibit 
       
       
       
     Reference 
       
     Filed or Furnished 
 
     Number 
       
     Exhibit Description 
       
     Form    
       
     Exhibit 
       
     Filing Date 
       
     Herewith 
 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     3.1(i) 
       
     Articles of Incorporation, as amended through April 17, 2018 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
     3.1(i) 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     3.2(i) 
       
     By-laws 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
     3.2(i) 
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     4.1 
       
     Common Stock Specimen 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
       
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     4.2 
       
     Form of 8% Convertible Promissory Note 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
       
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     10.1** 
       
     Robert Liscouski Employment Agreement dated February 15, 2018 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
       
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     10.2** 
       
     Christopher
    Roberts Employment Agreement dated March 1, 2018 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
       
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     10.3** 
       
     Sergey Shuster Employment Agreement dated February 28, 2018 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
       
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     10.4** 
       
     Richard Malinowski Employment Agreement dated July 23, 2018 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
       
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     10.5 
       
     Form of Subscription Agreement 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
       
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     10.6 
       
     Form of Subscription Agreement 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
       
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     10.7 
       
     Form of Subscription Agreement 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
       
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     21.1 
       
     List of Subsidiaries 
       
     10-12(g) 
       
       
       
     01/09/2019 
       
       
 
     31.1 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
 
     31.2 
       
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
 
     32.1 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
 
     32.2 
       
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     X 
 
     101.INS* 
       
     XBRL Instance Document 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     101.SCH* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Linkbase Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     101.CAL* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     101.DEF* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     101.LAB* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     101.PRE* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. 
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
   

 
 * Furnished
Herewith 
 

 
 ** Indicates
a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
   

 

 
     35 
       
     

 

   

 SIGNATURES 

   

 Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

   

 
 
     Dated:
    March 26, 2019 
     QUANTUM
    COMPUTING INC. 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     By: 
     /s/
    Robert Liscouski 
 
       
       
     Robert
    Liscouski 
 
       
       
     Chief
                                         Executive Officer 
         (Principal
        Executive Officer) 
 
   

 Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

   

 
 
     Signature 
       
     Title 
       
     Date 
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     
                                                                                   
                                                                                 
                                                                                 /s/ Robert Liscouski 
       
     Chairman
    of the Board of Directors and 
 Chief Executive Officer 
       
     March 26, 2019 
 
     Robert
    Liscouski 
       
     (Principal
    Executive Officer) 
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s/
     Christopher Roberts 
       
     Chief
    Financial Officer and Director 
       
     March 26, 2019 
 
     Christopher
    Roberts 
       
     (Principal
    Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     /s /
    Justin Schreiber 
       
     Director 
       
     March 26, 2019 
 
     Justin
    Schreiber 
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
 
     / s/
    Bertrand Velge 
       
     Director 
       
     March 26, 2019 
 
     Bertrand
    Velge 
       
       
       
       
 
    


 
     36 
       
     


   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 (FORMERLY INNOVATIVE BEVERAGE GROUP HOLDINGS,
INC.) 

   

 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

   

 December 31, 2018 and 2017 



   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

 

 
       
       
     

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 (Formerly Innovative Beverage Group
Holdings, Inc.) 

 Index to the Financial Statements 

 (Audited) 



   

 
 
     Description 
       
     Page 
 
     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
       
     F-2 
 
     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
       
     F-3 
 
     
         
         Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017 
         
       
     
         
         F-4 
         
 
     
         
         Statement of Operations for the Three and Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 
         
       
     
         
         F-5 
         
 
     
         
         Statement of Stockholders’ Deficit for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2018 
         
       
     F-6 
 
     
         
         Statement of Cash Flows for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 
         
       
     F-7 
 
     
         
         Notes to the Audited Financial Statements 
         
       
     
         
         F-8 
         
 
   

 

 

 
     F- 1 
       
     

   

 

 Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

 To the shareholders and the board of
directors of Quantum Computing, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance
sheet of Quantum Computing, Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2018, the related statement of operations, stockholders’
equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial
statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Company as of December 31, 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 

 Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

 Substantial Doubt about the Company’s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements,
the Company’s significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

   

 /s BF Borgers CPA PC 

 BF Borgers CPA PC 

   

 We have served as the Company’s auditor since
2019 

 Lakewood, CO 

 March 22, 2019 



   

 

 
     F- 2 
       
     

   

 

 REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

   

 The Board
of Directors and Stockholders 

 Innovative
Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. 

   

 Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

   

 We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) as of December
31, 2017 and 2016, and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows, for each of the years
in the two-year period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of
December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of its operations and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
December 31, 2017, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

   

 Basis
for Opinion 

   

 These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

   

 We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

   

 Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatements of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

   

 Emphasis
of Matter 

   

 The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will become a going concern. As described in Note
3 to the financial statements, the Company has no operations nor business plans, which raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

   

 /s/ Thayer O’Neal
Company, LLC 

   

 Thayer
O’Neal Company, LLC 

 We have served
as the Company’s auditor since  2018. 

 Houston,
Texas 

 August
15, 2018 



   

 

 
     F- 3 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 (Formerly Innovative Beverage Group
Holdings, Inc.) 

 Balance Sheets 

 (Unaudited) 



   

 

 
 
         
     December 31,     
     December 31   
 
         
     2018     
     2017   
 
     ASSETS   
           
         
 
         
           
         
 
     Current assets   
           
         
 
     Cash and cash equivalents   
     $ 1,767,080     
     $ -   
 
     Prepaid Expenses   
       23,179     
       -   
 
     Fixed Assets (net of depreciation)   
       6,897     
       -   
 
     Total assets   
     $ 1,797,156     
     $ -   
 
         
             
           
 
     LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT)   
             
           
 
         
             
           
 
     Current liabilities   
             
           
 
     Accounts payable   
     $ 54,018     
     $ 1,500   
 
     Accrued Expenses   
       89,584     
       -   
 
     Convertible promissory notes – related party   
       100,000     
       -   
 
     Convertible promissory notes   
       3,070,500     
       -   
 
     Total liabilities   
       3,314,102     
       1,500   
 
         
             
           
 
     Stockholders’ equity (deficit)   
             
           
 
     Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 250,000,000 and 247,000,000 shares authorized; 4,724,161 and 943,735 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively   
       472     
       94   
 
     Additional paid-in capital   
       10,982,949     
       9,871,180   
 
     APIC-Beneficial Conversion Feature in Equity   
       3,995,500     
           
 
     APIC-Stock Based Compensation   
       24,144,000     
           
 
     Subscription Receivable   
       (100,000 )   
           
 
     Accumulated deficit   
       (40,539,867 )   
       (9,872,774 ) 
 
     Total stockholders’ equity (deficit)   
       (1,516,945 )   
       (1,500 ) 
 
     Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity (deficit)   
     $ 1,797,156     
     $ -   
 



 

 


   

 

 

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 4 
       
     


 

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 (Formerly Innovative Beverage Group Holdings,
Inc.) 

 Statement of Operations 

 (Audited) 

   

 

 
 
         
     Twelve Months Ended   
 
         
     December 31,   
 
         
     2018     
     2017   
 
     Total revenue   
     $ -     
     $ -   
 
     Cost of revenue   
       -     
       -   
 
     Gross profit   
       -     
       -   
 
     Salaries   
       520,327     
       -   
 
     Consulting   
       322,278     
           
 
     Research & Development   
       250,640     
       -   
 
     Stock Based Compensation   
       24,342,014     
       -   
 
     Selling General & Administrative -Other   
       523,694     
       175,000   
 
     Operating expenses   
       25,958,953     
       175,000   
 
         
             
           
 
     Loss from Operations   
       (25,958,953 )   
       (175,000 ) 
 
         
             
           
 
     Interest Expense – Promissory Notes   
       87,307     
           
 
     Interest Expense - Beneficial Conversion Feature   
       3,995,500     
           
 
     Asset Impairment Charge   
       625,333     
           
 
     Other income (expense)   
       (4,708,140 )   
       -   
 
         
             
           
 
     Federal income tax expense   
       -     
       -   
 
         
             
           
 
     Net loss   
     $ (30,667,093 )   
     $ (175,000 ) 
 
         
             
           
 
     Weighted average shares - basic and diluted   
       4,724,161     
       943,735 


   
 
     Loss per share - basic and diluted   
     $ (6.49 )   
     $ (0.19 


 ) 
 



     

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

   

 

 


 
     F- 5 
       
     


   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 (Formerly Innovative Beverage Group Holdings,
Inc.) 

 Statement of Stockholders’ Deficit 

 For the Twelve Months Ended September 30,
2018 

 (Audited) 

   

 

 
 
         
     Common Stock     
     Additional Paid     
     Accumulated     
         
 
         
     Shares     
     Amount     
     in Capital     
     Deficit     
     Total   
 
         
           
           
           
           
         
 
     BALANCES,  December 31, 2017   
       943,735     
     $ 94     
     $ 9,871,180     
     $ (9,872,774 )   
     $ (1,500 ) 
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Issuance of shares for cash   
       2,980,679     
       298     
       1,063,850     
       -     
       1,064,1448   
 
     Beneficial Conversion Feature   
             
             
             
       3,995,500     
       3,995,500   
 
     Subscription Receivable   
             
             
             
       (100,000 )   
       (100,000 ) 
 
     Stock based compensation   
       800,000     
       80     
       47,920     
       24,144,000     
       24,192,000   
 
     Net loss   
       -     
       -     
       -     
       (30,667,093 )   
       (30,667,093 ) 
 
     BALANCES,  December 31, 2018   
       4,724,161     
     $ 472     
     $ 10,982,949     
     $ (12,500,367 )   
     $ (1,516,946 ) 
 



 



   

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

   

 

 
     F- 6 
       
     

   

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 (Formerly Innovative Beverage Group
Holdings, Inc.) 

 Statement of Cash Flows 

 (Audited) 

   

 

 
 
         
     Twelve Months Ended   
 
         
     December 31,   
 
         
     2018     
     2017   
 
     CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES   
           
         
 
     Net loss   
     $ (30,667,093 )   
     $ (175,000 


 ) 
 
     Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash   
             
           
 
     Prepaid Expenses   
       (23,180 )   
       -   
 
     Share Based Compensation   
       24,192,000     
       -   
 
     Depreciation   
       117     
       -   
 
     Accrued Expenses   
       89,584     
       -   
 
     Issuance of shares for legal settlement   
       -     
       173,500 


   
 
     Accounts payable   
       52,518     
       1,500 


   
 
     Beneficial Conversion Feature   
       3,995,500     
       -   
 
     CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES   
       (2,408,554 )   
       -   
 
         
             
           
 
       CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES   
             
           
 
             Fixed Assets – Computer Software and Equipment   
       (7,014 )   
       -   
 
     CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES   
       (7,014 )   
       -   
 
         
             
           
 
     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES   
             
           
 
         
             
           
 
     Issuance of Convertible Promissory Notes   
       3,070,500     
       -   
 
     Proceeds from stock issuance   
       1,064,148     
       -   
 
     CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES   
       4,182,648     
       -   
 
         
             
           
 
     Net increase in cash   
       1,767,080     
       -   
 
         
             
           
 
     Cash, beginning of period   
       -     
       -   
 
         
             
           
 
     Cash, end of period   
     $ 1,767,080     
     $ -   
 
         
             
           
 
     SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES   
             
           
 
     Cash paid for interest   
     $ -     
     $ -   
 
     Cash paid for income taxes   
     $ -     
     $ -   
 
     NON-CASH INVESTING ACTIVITES   
             
           
 
     Subscription receivable created from issuance of note payable   
     $ 100,000     
     $ -   
 
         
             
           
 
     NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITES   
             
           
 
     Note payable issued in exchange for a Subscription receivable   
       100,000     
       -   
 
     Common stock issued for compensation   
       24,144,000     
       -   
 
     Convertible Promissory Notes issued as Compensation – related party   
     $ 175,000     
     $ - 
 



   

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

   


 
     F- 7 
       
     


   

 

 

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 (Formerly Innovative Beverage Group
Holdings, Inc.) 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 (Audited) 

   



 

 Note
1 –  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: 

   

 Organization: 

   

 Quantum
Computing Inc., formerly known as Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. a Delaware corporation (the “Company”)
was the surviving entity as the result of a merger between Ticketcart, Inc. and Innovative Beverage Group, Inc., both Nevada corporations.
Innovative Beverage Group, Inc. was the surviving entity as the result of a merger between Kat-A-Tonic Distributing, Inc., a Texas
corporation and United European Holdings, Ltd., a Nevada Corporation. 

   

 History 

   

 Quantum
Computing Inc. (the “Company”), was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 25, 2001 as Ticketcart, Inc. Ticketcart’s
original business plan involved in the sale of ink-jet cartridges online. Ticketcart offered remanufactured and compatible cartridges
for Hewlett-Packard, Epson, Lexmark, and Canon inkjet printers. On July 25, 2007, Ticketcart, Inc. acquired Innovative Beverage
Group, Inc. and changed its name to Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. to better reflect its business operations at the
time which was beverage distribution and product development. In 2013, Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. ceased operations.
On May 22, 2017, one of Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc.’s. shareholders, a North Carolina resident (the “Plaintiff”),
filed suit against the Company. On August 28, 2017, the North Carolina Court, Superior Court Division (the “North Carolina
Court”), entered a default judgment for Plaintiff and appointed an exclusive Receiver (the “Receiver”) over
the Company. On October 4, 2017 the Receiver filed Articles of Incorporation in North Carolina for Innovative Beverage Group Holdings,
Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, (“IBGH North Carolina”). On October 26, 2017, Innovative Beverage
Group, Inc. redomiciled to North Carolina. 

   

 On
January 22, 2018, while the Company was in receivership, the Company sold 500,000 shares (the “CRG Shares”) of its
common stock to Convergent Risk Group (“CRG”), an entity owned and operated by the Company’s Chief Executive
Officer, Robert Liscouski, for $155,000. On February 21, 2018, by written consent of the majority shareholder (Convergent Risk),
Mr. Robert Liscouski (the Chief Executive Officer of Convergent Risk) and Mr. Christopher Roberts were elected as members of the
Company’s Board of Directors. Mr. Liscouski was simultaneously elected as Chairman of the Board. The majority shareholder
also directed the Company to take the necessary action to change its domicile from North Carolina to Delaware and change its name
to Quantum Computing Inc. On February 21, 2018 the Company filed Articles of Conversion in North Carolina to convert the Company
to a Delaware corporation with the name changed to Quantum Computing Inc. On February 22, 2018 the Company filed a Certificate
of Conversion in Delaware to convert to a Delaware corporation with the name changed to Quantum Computing Inc. and re-domiciled
to the state of Delaware on February 23, 2018. 

   

 Business
 

   

 The
Company’s business focuses on quantum computing software development. The Company intends to develop heterogeneous software
that can run on the platforms that are under development by the quantum computer hardware industry. The Company’s initial
focus will be on the security and financial services sectors. Other potential markets for quantum computing include artificial
intelligence (“AI”), machine learning, genetics and pharmaceuticals. The Company intends to be a leading provider
of software that can run on multiple quantum platforms. 

   

 Initially,
the Company is focused on two main development efforts. First, we plan to focus on the development of quantitative financial related
products such as financial portfolio optimization. The financial services industry has used quantitative financial software applications
for several decades with some success. However, those existing products are limited in their performance due to the lack of computing
power to solve these classes of optimization problems, which are known as “NP Complete Problems”. NP Complete Problems
are a class of mathematical problems that can be solved in polynomial increments of time using a non-deterministic method. These
NP Complete Problems require complex calculations, which cannot currently be performed in reasonable amounts of time using conventional,
binary computer systems, with the exception of simple cases. These problems are intractable because of the inability of bit-based
systems to handle complex non-deterministic problems. The recent developments in quantum annealing and other quantum hardware
suggests that these problems will soon be solvable using these new technologies. The Company’s goal is to develop and implement
quantum related algorithms to provide solutions to these NP Complete Problems in the area of financial optimization. Optimization
algorithms are ideally suited to run on a class of quantum computers, known as “annealers,” that are currently becoming
made available in the market by various manufacturers. 

   

 

 
     F- 8 
       
     

     

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 (Formerly Innovative Beverage Group
Holdings, Inc.) 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 (Audited) 



 

   

 The
Company’s secondary market focus will be the field of cybersecurity, specifically encryption and decryption algorithms.
Current encryption algorithms, such as DES (widely used in banking transactions), use codes based on the product of two very large
prime numbers. To decrypt the message requires finding the factors of a very large number, which can be done with current computers,
but takes unacceptably long amounts of time. The factorization process can be performed much more rapidly using algorithms running
on a quantum computer. The other aspect of cybersecurity that we will work on is development of encryption algorithms that are
either “quantum resistant”, i.e. difficult for quantum computer to crack, or “quantum based”, i.e., that
use principals of quantum physics to create a quantum based code that is difficult for both conventional and quantum computers
to break. Information security has a number of components, of which encryption is an important tool. Encryption is vital to e-commerce,
banking, cellular communication, and protecting email, websites and online identities because unprotected data can be stolen and
misused. 

   

 Business
Strategy 

   

 The
Company plans to enter the market for high performance computers and software applications, specifically focusing on what are
known as “quantum computers”. The Company has assembled a team of experienced engineers in super computing technology
and quantum mathematics, which will focus on both design and development of a quantum computer simulator (a “quantum annealer”)
and several quantum software applications that target solutions to non-deterministic polynomial applications. 

   

 The
Company has hired physicists, applied mathematicians (algorithm developers) and software developers to support the technical team
in developing and designing a quantum annealer and related quantum software applications.  Applied mathematicians develop
the algorithms and algorithm/software developers design software solutions utilizing the algorithms provided to them by mathematicians.
Software engineers test the algorithm code to ensure reliable and accurate performance of the software product. 

   

 In
addition, the Company has retained outside leading industry experts from well-known institutions from the financial services industry
and leading financial institutions, and expects to retain additional advisors from cybersecurity firms and government agencies
to serve as technical advisors to the Company. We have formed an advisory board of additional subject matter experts, which is
expected to assist us to shape our business strategy and direction as well as work with us to establish our market approach. QCI
is also pursuing US Government initiatives in quantum computing and AI, including grants and funding, that are fostering U.S.
innovation in those domains. 

   

 The
Company does not currently intend to be a hardware manufacturer. However, due to the cutting-edge nature of quantum computing
and the high cost and limited availability of quantum computers, as well as limitations on the capabilities of existing quantum
simulators, we may find it necessary over the next two years to develop our own quantum simulators upon which we can develop and
test our quantum software products. If such development becomes necessary, our simulators are expected to emulate the characteristics
and capabilities of a quantum computer such as superposition and quantum entanglement. Our plan is to license our software as
a cloud based service, but we are not ruling out selling turn-key hardware systems that would incorporate and support our own
quantum inspired computing solutions. 

   

 

 
     F- 9 
       
     

   

 

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 (Formerly Innovative Beverage Group
Holdings, Inc.) 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 (Audited) 



   

 The
Company’s technical leadership intends to leverage industry expertise and innovative methods to develop quantum computer
application solutions capable of solving increasingly complex problems in a more rapid and thorough manner.  The Company
will initially focus on addressing computational problems in the financial services, and cybersecurity quantum-secure encryption
markets, followed later by addressing problems in the AI and genetics marketplaces.  

   

 The
Company’s fiscal year end is December 31. 

   

 Basis
of Presentation: 

   

 The
accompanying Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2018, has been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In the opinion of management,
the accompanying financial statements contain all adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2018, and the cash flows and results of operations for the twelve months then ended. Such adjustments consisted
only of normal recurring items.. The accounting policies followed by the Company are set forth in Note 1 to the Company’s
consolidated financial statements contained in the Company’s 2017 Annual Disclosure, filed with OTCMarkets.com, and it is
suggested that these financial statements be read in conjunction therewith. 

   

 Use
of Estimates: 

   

 These
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.
Because a precise determination of assets and liabilities, and correspondingly revenues and expenses, depends on future events,
the preparation of financial statements for any period necessarily involves the use of estimates and assumption an example being
assumptions in valuation of stock options. Actual amounts may differ from these estimates. These financial statements have, in
management’s opinion, been properly prepared within reasonable limits of materiality and within the framework of the accounting
policies summarized below. 

   

 Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

   

 The
Company’s policy is to present bank balances under cash and cash equivalents, which at times, may exceed federally insured
limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

   

 Property
and Equipment 

   

 Property
and equipment is stated at cost or contributed value. Depreciation of furniture, software and equipment is calculated using the
straight line method over their estimated useful lives, and leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over
the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the lease term (which is 5 years). The cost and related accumulated depreciation
of equipment retired or sold are removed from the accounts and any differences between the undepreciated amount and the proceeds
from the sale are recorded as a gain or loss on sale of equipment. 

   

 Net
Loss Per Share: 

   

 Net
loss per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares and common shares equivalents outstanding during the period. 

 

 

   

 

 
     F- 10 
       
     

   

 

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 (Formerly Innovative Beverage Group
Holdings, Inc.) 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 (Audited) 



   

 Note
2 –  Federal Income Taxes: 

   

 The
Company has made no provision for income taxes because there have been no operations to date causing income for financial statements
or tax purposes. 

   


 

 The
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Number 109 (“SFAS 109”).
“Accounting for Income Taxes”, which requires a change from the deferred method to the asset and liability method
of accounting for income taxes. Under the asset and liability method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences
of “temporary differences” by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of existing assets and liabilities. 

   

 
 
         
     December 31,   
 
         
     2018     
     2017   
 
     Net operating loss carry-forwards   
     $ 651,157     
     $ 61,250   
 
     Valuation allowance   
       (651,157 )   
       (61,250 ) 
 
     Net deferred tax assets   
     $ -     
     $ -   
 

   

 At
December 31, 2018, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $651,157. 

   

 The
Company experienced a change in control during the year and therefore no more than an insignificant portion of this net operating
allowance will ever be used against future taxable income. 

   

 Note
3 –  Going Concern 

   

 The
Company’s financial statements have been prepared on the basis that it is a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

   

 The
Company has earned no revenue from operations in the twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, and has an accumulated
deficit of $40,539,867 and $9,872,774 respectively. The Company’s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon
its ability to develop additional sources of capital or ultimately acquire an entity which the Company hopes will become profitable
at some time in the near future. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of these uncertainties. Management is seeking new capital to revitalize the Company. 

   

 Note
4 –  Financial Accounting Developments: 

   

 Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

   

 From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB or other standard setting bodies that are adopted by the Company
as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, we believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are
not yet effective will not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

   

 

 
     F- 11 
       
     

   

 

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 (Formerly Innovative Beverage Group
Holdings, Inc.) 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 (Audited) 



   

 Note
5 –  Subscription Receivable 

   

 The
Company assumed a promissory note from one of the Initial Investors to Convergent Risk Group, LLC (see Note 9 – Related
Parties) in the amount of $100,000, which is payable by the Initial Investor on or before December 31, 2018. The promissory note
was issued in payment for a promissory note from Convergent to the Initial Investor, which has also been assumed by the Company
in exchange for a Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of $100,000, convertible to Company common shares at a conversion
price of $0.10 per share. If the promissory note is paid in full on or before June 30, 2019, the Company’s Convertible Promissory
Note will convert and shares will be issued. If the promissory note is not paid in full on or before June 30, 2019, the Company’s
Convertible Promissory Note held by this investor will be cancelled, and no shares will be issued. 

   

 Note
6 –  Property and Equipment 

   

 
 
         
     December 31,     
     December 31,   
 
     Classification   
     2018     
     2017   
 
     Hardware & Equipment   
     $ 7,014     
     $    -   
 
     Software   
       0     
       -   
 
     Total cost of property and equipment   
       7,014     
       -   
 
     Accumulated depreciation   
       117     
       -   
 
     Property and equipment, net   
     $ 6,897     
     $ -   
 

   

 The
Company made Property and Equipment acquisitions of $677,014 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2018. As of December
31, 2018, the Company determined that some of the acquired property and equipment, consisting of a secure IT system, comprised
of hardware and software purchased from a related party, had been impaired and wrote off the full amount of the $670,000 purchase
price.  The total impairment expense recognized by the Company in 2018 was $625,333, which was the entire net book value
of the secure IT system, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation expense on the IT system recorded during the year was $44,667. 



   

 Note
7 –  Convertible Promissory Notes 

   

 In
March 2018 the Board authorized the Company to issue non-interest bearing convertible promissory notes at a conversion price of
$0.10 per share to the Initial Investors and others and $500,000 of these convertible notes have been issued, for which only $225,000
has been received by the Company in cash. 

   

 On
May 24, 2018 the Board authorized a private placement of convertible promissory notes in the aggregate amount up to $15,000,000
at a conversion price of $1.00 per share (the “Convertible Note Offering”).  The Notes accrue interest at eight
percent (8%) per annum and are convertible into common stock of the Company at any time prior to or at the Maturity Date, twelve
months from the Issuance Date.  In connection with the $1.00 Convertible Note Offering, the Company has received funds of
$3,495,500 as of December 31, 2018. The Board terminated the Convertible Note Offering in October, 2018. 

   

 In
total, the Company has issued convertible promissory notes of principal value $3,995,500, for which the Company has received a
total of $3,720,500 in funds. 

   

 The convertible promissory notes were issued at different times
during the year, and the difference between the conversion prices of the notes and the fair market value of the Company’s
common stock at the date of the investment, as measured by the closing price on the OTC Markets, was recorded as a Beneficial Conversion
Feature interest expense. 



   

 Note
8 –  Capital Stock: 

   

 On
March 1, 2018 the Board authorized the Company to raise up to $500,000 of equity capital at price of $0.40 per share of common
stock (the “Initial Raise”). In connection with the Initial Raise, the Company received subscriptions for $75,000,
and issued shares of restricted common stock pursuant to the Subscription Agreements. On September 5, 2018 the Board formally
concluded the Initial Raise and ceased accepting investments. 

   

 On
April 13, 2018, The Company’s board of directors authorized a 1:200 reverse stock split on the shares of the Company’s
common stock. Accordingly, all references to numbers of common shares and per-share data in the accompanying financial statements
have been adjusted to reflect the stock split on a retroactive basis. The Board and the majority stockholder also amended the
Company’s Articles of Incorporation to increase the authorized capital of the company to 260,000,000 shares, consisting
of 250,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. 

   

 

 
     F- 12 
       
     

   

 

 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

 (Formerly Innovative Beverage Group
Holdings, Inc.) 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 (Audited) 



   

 

 

 In
September 2018, the Company issued 4,800,000 shares of common stock to key management and technical personnel, pursuant their
respective employment agreements which were entered into and effective March 1, 2018. The shares vest with the employees but are
subject to a Company repurchase provision which will diminish over a three-year period starting March 1, 2018. If any of the management
or technical personnel leave the company prior to February 28, 2021 the company can recover a portion of those shares. 

   

 The Company recognized stock based compensation
expense of $24.1 million in connection with those grants of stock to key personnel, pursuant to ASC 718. In November 2018, two
of the key management employees resigned from the Company and returned all of their stock grants to the Company, for a total of
4,000,000 shares. However, ASC 718 does not provide for a reduction to stock based compensation expense under these circumstances. 



   

 In
October 2018 the Company converted $725,000 principal amount of Convertible Promissory Notes, plus $16,711 of accrued interest,
into 1,510,377 shares of common stock. The Company also issued 130,000 shares of common stock to CNLT, LLC, pursuant to an anti-dilution
provision associated with the shares held by CNLT. 

   

 In
December 2018 the Company converted $100,000 principal amount of Initial Investor promissory notes, plus accrued interest of $2,422,
into 1,002,422 shares of common stock. 

   

 Note
9 –  Related Party Transactions 

   

 Convergent
Risk Group, LLC 

   

 To
finance the acquisition of the control block of shares in IBGH, an investor group (the “Initial Investors.”), loaned
Convergent Risk Group, LLC (Convergent) $275,000, in exchange for Promissory Notes from Convergent (the “Promissory Notes”)
in the total amount of $275,000. Convergent, a Virginia limited liability company, is owned 100% by Mr. Robert Liscouski, who
is the CEO and currently the majority shareholder of the Company. To induce Mr. Liscouski to serve as CEO of the Company,
the Company assumed the “Promissory Notes” in the total amount of $275,000 and certain liabilities (the “Liabilities”).
The Liabilities and the Promissory Notes are collectively the “Convergent Liabilities.” The Convergent Liabilities
assumed by the Company were exchanged for Convertible Promissory Notes issued by the Company for $275,000 (the same amount that
Convergent had issued them for).    The Convertible Promissory Notes accrue interest at eight percent (8%) per
annum and are convertible into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.10 per share at any time prior to or at
August 10, 2019.    The Company also assumed a promissory note from one of the Initial Investors to Convergent
in the amount of $100,000, which is payable on or before June 30, 2019.   While the conversion of the Convertible
Promissory Notes is mandatory at the maturity date, August 10, 2020, the election to convert is at the option of the Initial Investor.
The Company has no obligation to repay the Initial Investors in cash.  However, the conversion of the Convertible Promissory
Notes will result in dilution of other shareholders once the Initial Investors convert their notes into the Company’s common
stock.   

   

 REMTC,
Inc. 

   

 To
provide the Company with a highly secure development environment and intra-company data management and communication system, the
Company contracted with REMTC, Inc. (“REMTC”), an entity wholly owned by Richard Malinowski, who was the Company’s
Chief Technology and Operations Officer at the time, to acquire the necessary hardware and software, configure and install the
REMTC proprietary security system, known as “PASS.” The total cost of the PASS System was approximately $670,000 which
the Company paid to REMTC. In November 2018, Mr. Richard Malinowski informed the Company of his decision to resign as Chief Technology
and Operations Officer and the Board accepted his resignation and that of Mr. Thomas Kelly. The Company and REMTC have unwound
the PASS agreement and the Company expects to receive approximately $670,000 back from Mr. Malinowski and REMTC. The Company determined
that the PASS System was unusable and therefore impaired, and wrote off the remaining undepreciated value of the PASS system as
of December 31, 2018 

   

 

 

 Note
10 –  Subsequent Events: 

   

 In
March 2019 the Company issued 25,000 shares of common stock to Lyons Capital, LLC, an investor relations firm, as compensation
for services pursuant to the terms of an agreement the Company entered into with Lyons Capital in December 2018 

   

 There
are no other events of a subsequent nature that in management’s opinion are reportable. 

   

   

 F-13 











































































 

   

 

 
 
 
 
