
 
 
 
 
   

 
 
 




 



 

   

   

 UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

   

 FORM  10-Q 

   

 (MARK
ONE) 

 ☒   QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

   

 For
the quarter ended  March 31,  2023 

   

 ☐   TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

   

 For
the transition period from                    to                      

   

 Commission
file number:  001-41711 

   

 INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

 (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

   

     Cayman Islands       N/A     (State or other jurisdiction of  incorporation or organization)       (I.R.S. Employer  Identification No.)                   167 Madison Avenue   Suite 205 #1017   New York ,  New York       10016     (Address of principal executive offices)       (Zip Code)   
   

 (212) 
 476-6908 

 (Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code) 

   

 Not
Applicable 

 (Former
name or former address, if changed since last report) 

   

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

   

     Title of each class       Trading Symbol(s)       Name of each exchange on which registered     Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant       IPXXU       The  Nasdaq  Stock Market LLC     Class
A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 par value       IPXX       The
 Nasdaq  Stock Market LLC       Warrants,
each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share       IPXXW       The
 Nasdaq  Stock Market LLC   
   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☐  No  ☒ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files).  Yes  ☒ No ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

   

     Large accelerated filer   ☐       Accelerated filer   ☐     Non-accelerated filer   ☒       Smaller reporting company   ☒             Emerging growth company   ☒   



   

 If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  ☒  No
☐ 

   

 As
of July 10, 2023, there were  25,000,000  Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, and
 6,250,000  Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

   

   

 


 
       
       
     

   

 INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

   

 FORM 10-Q
FOR THE QUARTER ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 

   

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

   

 
   
       
       
     Page 
   
     Part I. Financial Information 
       
       
   
     Item 1. Interim Financial Statements 
       
     1 
   
     Condensed Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
       
     1 
   
     Condensed Statement of Operations for the period from March 6, 2023 (Inception) through March 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
       
     2 
   
     Condensed Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the period from March 6, 2023 (Inception) through March 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
       
     3 
   
     Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the period from March 6, 2023 (Inception) through March 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
       
     4 
   
     Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
       
     5 
   
     Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
       
     15 
   
     Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
       
     18 
   
     Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
       
     18 
   
     Part II. Other Information 
       
       
   
     Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
       
     19 
   
     Item 1A. Risk Factors 
       
     19 
   
     Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
       
     19 
   
     Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
       
     19 
   
     Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
       
     19 
   
     Item 5. Other Information 
       
     19 
   
     Item 6. Exhibits 
       
     20 
   
     Part III. Signatures 
       
     21 
   

   


 
     i 
       
     

   

 PART I -
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

   

 Item 1.
Interim Financial Statements. 

   

 INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

 CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEET 

 MARCH
31, 2023  

 (UNAUDITED) 

   

 
   
     ASSETS   
         
   
     Current
    assets – prepaid expenses   
     $ 8,249   
   
     Deferred
    offering costs   
       248,147   
   
     TOTAL
    ASSETS   
     $ 256,396   
   
         
           
   
     LIABILITIES
    AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY   
           
   
     Current
    liabilities   
           
   
     Accrued
    offering costs and expenses   
     $   166,147   
   
     Promissory
    note – related party   
       71,452   
   
     Total
    Current Liabilities   
       237,599   
   
         
           
   
     Commitments
    and contingencies (Note 6)   
           
   
         
           
   
     SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY   
           
   
     Preferred shares, $ 0.0001  par value;  5,000,000  shares authorized; none issued and outstanding   
       —   
   
     Class A ordinary shares, $ 0.0001  par value;  500,000,000  shares authorized; none issued and outstanding   
       —   
   
     Class B ordinary shares, $ 0.0001  par value;  50,000,000  shares authorized;  6,325,000  shares issued and outstanding (1)   
       633   
   
     Additional
    paid-in capital   
       24,367   
   
     Accumulated
    deficit   
       ( 6,203 ) 
   
     TOTAL
    SHAREHODERS’ EQUITY   
       18,797   
   
     TOTAL
    LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY   
     $ 256,396   
   








   

   

 

 
 (1) Includes up to 825,000 Class B ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option was exercised (see Note 7). On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization of 575,000, resulting in the Sponsor holding 6,325,000 founder shares. On May 30, 2023, as a result of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, the Sponsor forfeited 75,000 of these shares and the remaining Class B ordinary shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. All share and per-share data has been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization (Note 8). 

   

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

   


 
     1 
       
     

   

 INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

 CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 6, 2023 (INCEPTION) THROUGH MARCH 31, 2023  

 (UNAUDITED) 

   

 
   
         
           
   
     Formation and operating costs   
     $ 6,203   
   
     Net loss   
     $ ( 6,203 ) 
   
         
           
   
     Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding  (1)   
       5,500,000   
   
         
           
   
     Basic and diluted net loss per share   
     $ ( 0.00 ) 
   




   

   

 

 
 (1) Excludes up to 825,000 Class B ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option was exercised (see Note 7). On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization of 575,000, resulting in the Sponsor holding 6,325,000 founder shares. On May 30, 2023, as a result of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, the Sponsor forfeited 75,000 of these shares and the remaining Class B ordinary shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. All share and per-share data has been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization (Note 8). 

   

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

   


 
     2 
       
     

   

 INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

 CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 6, 2023 (INCEPTION) THROUGH MARCH 31, 2023  

 (UNAUDITED) 

   

 
   
         
     Class B     
     Additional     
           
         
   
         
     Ordinary shares     
     Paid-In     
     Accumulated     
     Shareholders’   
   
         
     Shares     
     Amount     
     Capital     
     Deficit     
     Equity   
   
     Balance as of March 6, 2023 (inception)   
       —     
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ —   
   
     Class B ordinary shares issued to Sponsor (1)   
       6,325,000     
     633     
       24,367     
       —     
       25,000   
   
     Net loss   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       ( 6,203 )   
       ( 6,203 ) 
   
     Balance as of March 31, 2023   
       6,325,000     
     $ 633     
     $ 24,367     
     $ ( 6,203 )   
     $ 18,797   
   


   

   

 




 
 (1) Includes up to 825,000 Class B ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option was exercised (see Note 7). On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization of 575,000, resulting in the Sponsor holding 6,325,000 founder shares. On May 30, 2023, as a result of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, the Sponsor forfeited 75,000 of these shares and the remaining Class B ordinary shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. All share and per-share data has been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization (Note 8). 

   

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

   


 
     3 
       
     

   

 INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

 CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 6, 2023 (INCEPTION) THROUGH MARCH 31, 2023  

 (UNAUDITED) 

   

 
   
     Cash Flows from Operating Activities:   
         
   
     Net loss   
     $ ( 6,203 ) 
   
     Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:   
           
   
     Formation costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares   
       5,845   
   
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities:   
           
   
     Prepaid expenses   
       358   
   
     Net cash used in operating activities   
       —   
   
         
           
   
     Net Change in Cash   
       —   
   
     Cash – Beginning of period   
       —   
   
     Cash – End of period   
     $ —   
   
         
           
   
     Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:   
           
   
     Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares   
     $ 11,000   
   
     Deferred offering costs included in accrued offerings costs and expenses   
     $ 166,147   
   
     Deferred offering costs paid through promissory note – related party   
     $ 71,000   
   
     Prepaid services contributed by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares   
     $ 8,607   
   

   

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

   


 
     4 
       
     

   

 INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
MARCH 31, 2023 
(UNAUDITED) 

   

 Note
1 — Organization and Business Operations 

   

 Inflection
Point Acquisition Corp. II (the “Company”) is a newly incorporated blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted
corporation on March 6, 2023. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”).
The Company has not selected any specific Business Combination target. 

   

 As
of March 31, 2023, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through March
31, 2023 relates to the Company’s formation and the initial public offering (the “Initial Public Offering”), which
is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination,
at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the
proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

   

 The
Company’s sponsor is Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Sponsor”). 

   

 The
registration statement for the Company’s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on May 24, 2023. On May 30, 2023, the company
consummated the Initial Public Offering of  25,000,000  units (the “Units”), which includes the partial exercise by the underwriters
of their over-allotment option in the amount of  3,000,000  Units, at $ 10.00  per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $ 250,000,000 , which
is discussed in Note 3. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share (the “Public Shares”) and one-half of one redeemable
warrant (the “Public Warrants”) of the Company, with each whole warrant entitling the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary
share for $ 11.50  per share, subject to adjustment. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated
the sale of  7,650,000  private placement warrants (the “Private Placement Warrants”) to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald
& Co., the representative of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering, at a price of $ 1.00  per Private Placement Warrant,
or $ 7,650,000  in the aggregate, which is described in Note 4. Of those  7,650,000  Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased  6,000,000 
Private Placement Warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. purchased  1,650,000  Private Placement Warrants. Each whole warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $ 11.50  per share. The Company’s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants, although
substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination (less deferred
underwriting commissions). 

   

 Transaction
costs amounted to $ 18,361,877  consisting of $ 4,400,000  of cash underwriting discount, $ 13,100,000  of deferred underwriting fees, and
$ 861,877  of other offering costs. 

   

 The
Company’s Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least
 80 % of the net balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts and taxes payable
on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However,
the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires  50 % or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). There is no
assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

    

 Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, on May 30, 2023, an amount of $ 251,250,000  ($ 10.05  per Unit) from the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sales of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in the trust account
(the “Trust Account”) and will be held as cash or invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity
of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of
the Private Placement Warrants placed into the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i)
the completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Company’s public shares if the
Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or
by such earlier liquidation date as the Company’s board of directors may approve (the “Completion Window”),
subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the Company’s public shares properly submitted in connection with a
shareholder vote to amend the Company’s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the
substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to
redeem  100 % of the Company’s public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the
Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial
Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company’s
creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company’s public shareholders.   

 

 

 
     5 
       
     

   

 INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
MARCH 31, 2023 
(UNAUDITED) 

   

 The
Company will provide the Company’s public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon
the completion of the initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial Business
Combination or (ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder
approval of a proposed initial Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion.
The public shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination,
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, subject to the limitations. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be $ 10.05  per public share. 

   

 The
ordinary shares subject to redemption were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the
Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board’s (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” 

   

 The
Company will have only the duration of the Completion Window to complete the initial Business Combination. However, if the Company is
unable to complete its initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and
up to $ 100,000  of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
constitute full and complete payment for the public shares and completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation or other distributions, if any), subject to the Company’s obligations under
Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject to the other requirements of applicable law. 

   

 The
Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive
their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business
Combination or an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination
if the Company determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company’s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window,
although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the
Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets
outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial
Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

   

 The
Company’s Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for
services rendered or products sold to the Company (except for the Company’s independent auditors), or a prospective target
business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business
Combination agreement (except for the Company’s independent auditors), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to
below the lesser of (i) $ 10.05  per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date
of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $ 10.05  per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less
taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who
executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will
it apply to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). However, the
Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified
whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsor’s only
assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot provide any assurance that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy
those obligations.   

 

 

 
     6 
       
     

   

 INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
MARCH 31, 2023 
(UNAUDITED) 

   

 Going
Concern Consideration 

   

 As
of March 31, 2023, the Company had no cash and a working capital deficit of $ 229,350  (excluding deferred offering costs). The
Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to address
this uncertainty through a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company’s plans to raise capital or to
consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Completion Window. The unaudited condensed financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

   

 Note 2 — Significant
Accounting Policies 

   

 Basis
of Presentation 

   

 The
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (“GAAP”) for interim financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form
10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Certain information or footnote
disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted, pursuant to the
rules and regulations of the SEC for interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes
necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In the opinion of management, the
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of a normal recurring nature, which are necessary
for a fair presentation of the financial position, operating results and cash flows for the periods presented. 

   

 The
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s prospectus for its Initial
Public Offering as filed with the SEC on May 26, 2023, as well as the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC
on June 5, 2023. The interim results for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through March 31, 2023 are not necessarily indicative
of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2023 or for any future periods. 

   

 Emerging
Growth Company Status 

   

 The
Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart
our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited
to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

   

 Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised
financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement
declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new
or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition
period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable.
The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and
it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or
revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s
financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used.   

 

 

 
     7 
       
     

   

 INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
MARCH 31, 2023 
(UNAUDITED) 
     

 Use
of Estimates 

   

 The
preparation of the financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

   

 Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

   

 The
Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
The Company did not have any cash and cash equivalents as of March 31, 2023. 

   

 Deferred
Offering Costs 

   

 Deferred
offering costs consist of accounting and legal expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Initial
Public Offering and that were charged to shareholders’ equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

   

 Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

   

 The
fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, “Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to its short-term
nature. 

   

 Net
Loss Per Ordinary Share 

   

 Net
loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding
ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of  825,000  ordinary shares
that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters (see Note 7). At March 31, 2023, the
Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares
and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period
presented. 

    

 Income
Taxes 

   

 The
Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected
to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the
period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. 

   

 The
Company accounts for income taxes under FASB ASC 740, “Income Taxes” (“ASC 740”). ASC 740
prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax
positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely
than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company’s management determined that the Cayman Islands
is the Company’s major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits as income tax expense. As of March 31, 2023, there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest
and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or
material deviation from its position. The Company’s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax
benefits will materially change over the next twelve months.   

 

 

 
     8 
       
     

   

 

 INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
MARCH 31, 2023 
(UNAUDITED) 
   

   

 The
Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently
not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. 

   

 Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

   

 Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on the Company’s financial statements. 

   

 Risks
and Uncertainties 

   

 Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific
impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

   

 In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action,
various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further
the impact of this military action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial
statements and the specific impact on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable
as of the date of these financial statements. 

   

 Note 3 — Initial
Public Offering 

   

 Pursuant
to the Initial Public Offering on May 30, 2023, the Company sold  25,000,000  Units, which includes a partial exercise by the underwriter
of their over-allotment option in the amount of  3,000,000  Units, at a purchase price of $ 10.00  per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A
ordinary share, and one-half of one redeemable Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A
ordinary share at a price of $ 11.50  per share, subject to adjustment. Each Public Warrant will become exercisable 30 days after
the completion of the initial Business Combination and will expire  five  years after the completion of the initial Business Combination,
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

   

 Warrants —  As
of March 31, 2023, no warrants are outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at
a price of $ 11.50  per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. The warrants cannot be exercised until 30 days after the
completion of the initial Business Combination, and will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time,  five  years after the
completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

   

 The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares
underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company
will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable
upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence
of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied
with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value
and expire worthless. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement
is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a Unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for
the Unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such Unit.   

 


 
     9 
       
     

   

 

 INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
MARCH 31, 2023 
(UNAUDITED) 
   

 Under
the terms of the warrant agreement, the Company has agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business
days, after the closing of its Business Combination, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective
amendment to the registration statement for the Initial Public Offering or a new registration statement covering the registration under
the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following the Company’s initial Business
Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60 th ) business day
after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless
basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the
Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they
satisfy the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at
its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or
maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, the Company will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

   

 If
the holders exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, they would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that
number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A
ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “fair market value” of the Class A ordinary
shares over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” is the average
reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to
the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of warrants, as applicable. 

   

 Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds $ 18.00 :    Once the warrants become
exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

   

 
 ● in
whole and not in part; 
 
   

 
 ● at
a price of $0.01 per warrant; 
 
   

 
 ● upon
a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption (the “30-day redemption period”); and 
 
   

 
 ● if,
and only if, the last reported sale price (the “closing price”) of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00
per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after completion of our initial
business combination and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends to the notice of redemption
to the warrant holders. 
 
   

 Additionally,
if the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares,
or by a sub-division of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, sub-division or
similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such
increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling
holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share capitalization of
a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in
such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable
for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights
offering and (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or
exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken
into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair
market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day
period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange
or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 
     


 
     10 
       
     

   

 

 INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
MARCH 31, 2023 
(UNAUDITED) 

   

 Note 4 — Private
Placement 

   

 Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering on May 30, 2023, the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., the representative of the
underwriters, purchased an aggregate of  7,650,000  Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at $ 11.50  per share, at a price of $ 1.00  per Private Placement warrants, or $ 7,650,000  in the aggregate, in a private placement.
Of those  7,650,000  Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased  6,000,000  Private Placement Warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald &
Co. purchased  1,650,000  Private Placement Warrants. Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at a price of $ 11.50  per share, subject to adjustment. 

   

 The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the public warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering except that, so long as they are
held by the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants (i) may not
(including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these Private Placement Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions,
be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) will
be entitled to registration rights and (iii) with respect to Private Placement Warrants held by Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.
and/or its designees, will not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales in this offering in accordance
with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). 

   

 The
Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive
their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business
Combination or an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination
if the Company determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company’s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation
to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem  100 % of the public shares if the Company has not
consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating
to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within
the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public
shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions
from assets outside the trust account; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after
the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

   

 Note 5 — Related
Party Transactions 

   

 Founder
Shares 

   

 On
March 8, 2023, the Sponsor made a capital contribution of $ 25,000 , or approximately $ 0.004  per share, to cover certain of the Company’s
expenses, for which the Company issued  5,750,000  founders shares to the Sponsor. On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization
of  575,000 , resulting in the Sponsor holding  6,325,000  founder shares (Note 8). Up to  825,000  of the founder shares were subject to forfeiture
by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option was exercised. On May 30, 2023, as a result
of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, the Sponsor forfeited  75,000  of these founder shares and the remaining founder
shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.   

 


 
     11 
       
     

   

 INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
MARCH 31, 2023 
(UNAUDITED) 

   

 The
Company’s initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A ordinary
shares issued upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of (i) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination
or (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial
Business Combination that results in all of the Company’s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary
shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements
of the Company’s initial shareholders with respect to any founder shares (the “Lock-up”). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if (1) the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $ 12.00  per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction after the
initial Business Combination which results in the Company’s shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities
or other property, the founder shares will be released from the Lock-up. 

   

 Promissory
Note — Related Party 

   

 The
Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $ 300,000  to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering.
The loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of December 31, 2023 or the closing of the Initial Public Offering.
As of March 31, 2023, the Company had borrowed $ 71,452  under the promissory note. 

   

 Services
and Indemnification Agreement 

   

 Commencing
on May 24, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement pursuant to which it will pay an aggregate of $ 27,083.33  per month to The Venture
Collective LLC (“TVC”), an affiliates of one of the Company’s directors, Nicholas Shekerdemian, for the services of
Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer, and Kevin Shannon, Chief of Staff. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation,
the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. In addition, the Company has agreed that it will indemnify the Sponsor and TVC from
any claims arising out of or relating to the Initial Public Offering or the Company’s operations or conduct of the Company’s
business or any claim against the Sponsor and/or TVC alleging any expressed or implied management or endorsement by the Sponsor and/or
TVC of any of the Company’s activities or any express or implied association between the Sponsor and/or TVC, on the one hand, and
the Company or any of its other affiliates, on the other hand, which agreement provides that the indemnified parties cannot access the
funds held in the Trust Account. The services and indemnification agreement also provides that Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon cannot
access the funds held in the Trust Account. 

   

 Related
Party Loans 

   

 In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of
the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the “Working
Capital Loans”). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event
that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use amounts held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans
but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $ 1,500,000  of such Working Capital Loans
may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $ 1.00  per private placement
warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of March 31, 2023, no such
Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

   

 Note 6 — Commitments
and Contingencies 

   

 Registration
Rights 

   

 The
holders of the founder shares, Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such Private Placement
Warrants and Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans have
registration rights to require the Company to register a sale of any of the Company’s securities held by them and any other
securities of the Company acquired by them prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination pursuant to a registration
rights agreement signed on May 24, 2023. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short
form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back”
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination.
The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.   

 

 

 
     12 
       
     

   

 

 INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
MARCH 31, 2023 
(UNAUDITED) 

   

 Underwriters
Agreement 

   

 The
underwriters had a 45-day option from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional  3,300,000  Units to
cover over-allotments, if any. On May 30, 2023, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters elected
to partially exercise the over-allotment option to purchase an additional  3,000,000  Units at a price of $ 10.00  per Unit. The underwriters
have determined to forfeit the remaining  300,000  Units. 

   

 The
underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of $ 4,400,000  ( 2.0 % of the gross proceeds of the Units offered in the Initial
Public Offering, excluding any proceeds from Units sold pursuant to the underwriters’ over-allotment option). Additionally, the
underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting commission of  5.0 % on the base deal and an additional  7.0 % on the Units sold pursuant
to the underwriters’ option to purchase additional Units (or $ 13,100,000  in the aggregate) of the gross proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering held in the Trust Account upon the completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination subject to the terms
of the underwriting commission. 

   

 Note 7 — Shareholders’
Deficit 

   

 Preferred
Shares  — The Company is authorized to issue a total of  5,000,000  preference shares at par value of $ 0.0001  each.
At March 31, 2023, there were  no  shares of preferred shares issued and outstanding. 

   

 Class A
Ordinary Shares  — The Company is authorized to issue a total of  500,000,000  Class A ordinary shares at par
value of $ 0.0001  each. At March 31, 2023, there were  no  shares of Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

   

 Class B Ordinary Shares  — The
Company is authorized to issue a total of  50,000,000  Class B ordinary shares at par value of $ 0.0001  each. On March 8, 2023,
the Company issued  5,750,000  Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor for $ 25,000 , or approximately $ 0.004  per share. On May 24, 2023,
the Company effected a share capitalization of  575,000 , resulting in the Sponsor holding  6,325,000  founder shares (Note 8). Since the
shares are retrospectively presented, on March 31, 2023, there were  6,325,000  Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. The founder
shares included an aggregate of up to  825,000  shares that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the
underwriters’ over-allotment option was exercised. On May 30, 2023, as a result of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option,
the Sponsor forfeited  75,000  of these shares and the remaining Class B ordinary shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 
   

 The
founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation
of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the
case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial
Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate,
 20 % of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of
Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued
or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection
with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business
Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans;
provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

   

 Holders
of record of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share
held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

 




   

 

 
     13 
       
     

   

 INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
MARCH 31, 2023 
(UNAUDITED) 

   

 Note 8 — Subsequent
Events 

   

 The
Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date that the financial statements
were issued. Based upon this review, other than as disclosed below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have
required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements. 

   

 On
May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization of  575,000 , resulting in the Sponsor holding  6,325,000  founder shares. All
share and per-share data has been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization. 

   

 As
disclosed within the notes, on May 30, 3023, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of  25,000,000  units, which includes
the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of  3,000,000  Units, at $ 10.00  per Unit, generating
gross proceeds of $ 250,000,000 . Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of  7,650,000 
Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., the representative of the underwriters of the initial Public
Offering, at a price of $ 1.00  per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of $ 7,650,000 . 

   

 As
a result of the underwriters’ election to partially exercise their over-allotment option on May 30, 2023,  75,000  founder shares
were forfeited resulting in the Sponsor holding  6,250,000  founder shares. 

   

 As
of May 30, 2023, a total of $ 251,250,000  of the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering was deposited in a trust account. 

   

 During
May 2023, the Sponsor paid offering costs totaling $ 108,213  on behalf of the Company. The payment by the Sponsor was considered as drawdown
of the promissory note. The Company repaid the promissory notes outstanding balance of $ 179,665  at the closing of the Initial Public
Offering on May 30, 2023. 

   

 On
May 31, 2023, the Sponsor deposited into the Company’s account the $ 1,342,838 , representing the net cash proceeds from Initial
Public Offering not held in Trust account.  

   


 
     14 
       
     

   

 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

   

 References in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q (the “Quarterly Report”) to “we,” “us” or the “Company” refer to Inflection
Point Acquisition Corp. II. References to our “management” or our “management team” refer to our officers and
directors, and references to the “Sponsor” refer to Inflection Point Holdings II LLC. The following discussion and analysis
of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the
notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below
includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

   

 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

   

 This Quarterly Report includes
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of
the Exchange Act that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including,
without limitation, statements in this “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
regarding the completion of the proposed Business Combination, the Company’s financial position, business strategy and the plans
and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as “expect,” “believe,”
“anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “seek” and variations and similar words and expressions
are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance,
but reflect management’s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events,
performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including
that the conditions of the proposed Business Combination are not satisfied. For information identifying important factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section
of the Company’s final prospectus for its Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. The Company’s securities filings can
be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law,
the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

   

 Overview 

   

 We are a blank check company
incorporated in the Cayman Islands on March 6, 2023, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business
Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our shares,
debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

   

 We expect to continue to incur
significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will
be successful. 

   

 Results of Operations 

   

 We have neither engaged in any
operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from March 6, 2023 (inception) through March 31, 2023 were organizational
activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and subsequent to the Initial Public Offering,
identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of our Business Combination. Following our Initial Public Offering, we generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on
marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

   

 For the period from March 6,
2023 (inception) through March 31, 2023, we had a $6,203 net loss. 

   

 

 
     15 
       
     

   

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

   

 Until the consummation of the
Initial Public Offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of shares of Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001
per share, by the Sponsor and loans from the Sponsor. 

   

 Subsequent to the end of the
quarterly period covered by this Quarterly Report, on May 30, 2023, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 25,000,000 Units,
which includes the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per
Unit, generating gross proceeds of $250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated
the sale of 7,650,000 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., the representative of the underwriters
of the Initial Public Offering, at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of $7,650,000. 

   

 Following the Initial Public
Offering and the private placements, a total of $251,250,000 ($10.05 per Unit) was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred transaction
costs of $18,361,877 consisting of $4,400,000 of cash underwriting discount, $13,100,000 of deferred underwriting fees, and $861,877 of
other offering costs. 

   

 We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable), to complete our initial Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in
whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will
be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth
strategies. 

   

 We intend to use the funds held
outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review
corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination,
to pay for directors and officers liability insurance premiums and to pay an aggregate of $27,083.33 per month to The Venture Collective
LLC (“TVC”), an affiliate of one of our directors, Nicholas Shekerdemian, for the services of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial
Officer, and Kevin Shannon, Chief of Staff. 

   

 In order to finance working
capital deficit or to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate
of the Sponsor or certain of the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be
required. If the Company completes its initial Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that
the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to
repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $1,500,000
of the Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of
$1.00 per private placement warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

   

 We believe that amounts not
held in trust will be sufficient to pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated that are payable prior to the closing
of our initial Business Combination. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due
diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available
to operate our business prior to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete
our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our Business
Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 

   

 

 
     16 
       
     

   

 We may need to raise additional
capital through loans or additional investments from our Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Our officers, directors
and our Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional
financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could
include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead
expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time which is considered
to be one year from the date of the issuance of the unaudited condensed financial statements, the date that we will be required to cease
all operations, except for the purpose of winding up, if a Business Combination is not consummated. The unaudited condensed financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that
might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

   

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

   

 We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of March 31, 2023. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any
non-financial assets. 

   

 Contractual obligations 

   

 We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an aggregate of
$27,083.33 per month to TVC, for the services of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer, and Kevin Shannon, Chief of Staff. We began
incurring these fees on May 24, 2023 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business
Combination and our liquidation. 

   

 The underwriters are entitled
to a deferred underwriting commission of 5.0% on the base deal and an additional 7.0% on the Units sold pursuant to the underwriters’
option to purchase additional Units, or $13,100,000 in the aggregate, of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering held in the
Trust Account upon the completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting commission. 

   

 Critical Accounting Policies 

   

 The preparation of condensed
financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could
materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies. We have identified the following
critical accounting policies: 

   

 Net Loss per Share 

   

 Net loss per share is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject
to forfeiture. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 825,000 ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture
if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters. At March 31, 2023, the Company did not have any dilutive securities
and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company.
As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the periods presented. 

   

 

 
     17 
       
     

   

 Recent Accounting Standards 

   

 Management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s
financial statements. 

   

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk 

   

 We are a smaller reporting company
as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

   

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

   

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

   

 Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

   

 Under the supervision and with
the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended March 31,
2023, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal
executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information
required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. 

   

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

   

 There was no change in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2023 covered by this Quarterly Report that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

   


 
     18 
       
     

   

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

   

 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

   

 None. 

   

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 

   

 Factors that could cause our
actual results to differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report are any of the risks described in our final prospectus for the
Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC on May 26, 2023. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect
on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial
may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to
the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus for the Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC, except we may disclose changes
to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

   

 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use
of Proceeds. 

   

 On May 30, 2023, we consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 25,000,000 units, which includes the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option
in the amount of 3,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $250,000,000. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary
share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole Public warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at
a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Each Public Warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the initial
Business Combination and will expire five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or
liquidation. 

   

 Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., the representative of the underwriters, purchased an aggregate
of 7,650,000 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share, at a price of $1.00
per Private Placement Warrant, or $7,650,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement. Of those 7,650,000 Private Placement Warrants,
the Sponsor purchased 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. purchased 1,650,000 Private Placement Warrants. 

   

 We incurred transaction costs
amounting to $18,361,877 consisting of $4,400,000 of cash underwriting discount, $13,100,000 of deferred underwriting fees, and $861,877
of other offering costs. 

   

 After deducting the underwriting fees (excluding
the deferred portion of $13,100,000, which amount will be payable upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, if consummated)
and the offering expenses, the total net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the private placement was $252,592,838, of which
$251,250,000 was placed in the Trust Account. 
   

 For a description of the use
of the proceeds generated in the Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report. 

   

 Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 

   

 None. 

   

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

   

 None. 

   

 Item 5. Other Information 

   

 None. 

   


 
     19 
       
     

   

 Item 6. Exhibits 

   

 The following exhibits are filed
as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

   

 
   
     No. 
       
     Description
    of Exhibit 

 
     1.1 
       
     Underwriting
    Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., as representative of the underwriters.
     (1) 
   
     3.1 
       
     Amended
    and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.  (1) 
   
     4.1 
       
     Warrant
    Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent.  (1) 
   
     10.1 
       
     Letter
    Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and among the Company, its executive officers, its directors and Inflection Point Holdings II LLC.
     (1) 
   
     10.2 
       
     Investment
    Management Trust Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as
    trustee.  (1) 
   
     10.3 
       
     Registration
    Rights Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and among the Company, Inflection Point Holdings II LLC and the Holders signatory thereto.
     (1) 

 
     10.4 
       
     Private
    Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and between the Company and Inflection Point Holdings II LLC.  (1) 

 
     10.5 
       
     Private
    Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and between the Company and Cantor, Fitzgerald & Co.  (1) 
   
     10.6 
       
     Services
    and Indemnification Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and between the Company, Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, The Venture Collective
    LLC, Peter Ondishin, and Kevin Shannon. (1) 
   
     31.1* 
       
     Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302
    of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
   
     31.2* 
       
     Certification
    of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302
    of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
   
     32.1* 
       
     Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002 
   
     32.2* 
       
     Certification
    of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002 
   
     101.INS* 
       
     Inline XBRL Instance Document 
   
     101.SCH* 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Schema Document 
   
     101.CAL* 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Calculation Linkbase Document 
   
     101.DEF* 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Definition Linkbase Document 
   
     101.LAB* 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Label Linkbase Document 
   
     101.PRE* 
       
     Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Presentation Linkbase Document 
   
     104* 
       
     Cover Page Interactive
    Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
   




   

 

   

 

 
 * Filed herewith. 

 
 (1) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 30, 2023 and incorporated by reference herein. 




   

 

 
     20 
       
     

 

 

   

 SIGNATURES 

   

 In accord ance
with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

   

 
   
       

 
     INFLECTION
    POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
   
       
       
       
   
     Date: July 10, 2023 
     By: 
     /s/
    Michael Blitzer 
   
       
     Name:   
     Michael Blitzer 
   
       
     Title: 
     Chairman and Chief Executive
    Officer 
   
       
       
     (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
       
       
       
   
     Date: July 10,
    2023 
     By: 
     /s/
    Peter Ondishin 
   
       
     Name:   
     Peter Ondishin 
   
       
     Title: 
     Chief Financial Officer 
   
       
       
     (Principal Financial and
    Accounting Officer) 
   

   

   

 21 

   

 



 


 
 
 Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II 
 00-0000000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 5500000 
 0.00 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 P5Y 
 P5Y 
 
 
 
 
 false 
 --12-31 
 Q1 
 0001970622 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
     0001970622 
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassAOrdinaryShare00001ParValueAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:ClassAOrdinarySharesParValue00001ParValueMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassAOrdinaryShareAtAnExercisePriceOf1150PerShareMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
     
   
   
     2023-07-10 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 
     
   
   
     2023-07-10 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
   
   
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-05 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-05 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-05 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
   
   
     2023-03-05 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:IPOMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:InflectionPointHoldingsIILLCMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
       ipxxu:WarrantsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:UnderwritingMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:InvestmentCompanyActMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:PublicShareMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:IndependentAuditorsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
       us-gaap:IPOMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
       us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
       us-gaap:IPOMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
       us-gaap:WarrantMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
       ipxxu:SponsorMember 
       ipxxu:CantorFitzgeraldMember 
       us-gaap:IPOMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
       ipxxu:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember 
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
       ipxxu:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember 
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
       ipxxu:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
       ipxxu:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember 
       ipxxu:SponsorMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
       ipxxu:CantorFitzgeraldMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
       ipxxu:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
   
   
     2023-03-08 
     2023-03-08 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:FoundersMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-08 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
   
   
     2023-05-24 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:FoundersMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-24 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:FoundersMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-11 
     2023-05-24 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:FoundersMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:SponsorMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:VentureCollectiveLLCMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-24 
     2023-05-24 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       ipxxu:RelatedPartyLoansMember 
       us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:IPOMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
       us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:IPOMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-08 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 
       ipxxu:SponsorMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-08 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 
       ipxxu:SponsorMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-01 
     2023-03-08 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-24 
     2023-05-24 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 
     
   
   
     2023-03-06 
     2023-03-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-24 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
       us-gaap:IPOMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
       us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
       us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-30 
     2023-05-30 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
       ipxxu:SponsorMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-31 
   
 
   
     0001970622 
     
       srt:ScenarioForecastMember 
     
   
   
     2023-05-31 
   
 
   xbrli:shares 
 
   iso4217:USD 
 
   
     
       iso4217:USD 
     
     
       xbrli:shares 
     
   
 
   xbrli:pure 
 

 
 
