
 10-K
 1
 a2223057z10-k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Use these links to rapidly review the document 
   TABLE OF CONTENTS   
   Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 

 


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   Table of Contents   

       

   
    

 UNITED STATES    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549   

 

 
 


  

 

    

 FORM 10-K   
  
 

 


 


   

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Mark One) 
   
   
 
 
 ý 
   
  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 
  For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2014 
 
 
  OR 
 
 
 o 
   
  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 
  For the Transition Period From            to             
 
 
  Commission File Number 1-15525 
 
 
 
  
  

 
 


   


 

 

 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Delaware 
   
 36-4316614 
 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 
 
 
  One Edwards Way, Irvine, California 92614   (Address of principal executive offices) (ZIP Code) 
 
 
  (949) 250-2500   Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
   
 Name of each exchange on which registered: 
 
 
 Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
 
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None 
 
 
 
  
  

 
 


   

 

 

           Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes  ý  No  o   


           Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act.    Yes  o  No  ý   

           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days.    Yes  ý  No  o   


           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  ý  No  o   

           Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.     ý   

           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Large accelerated filer  ý 
   
  Accelerated filer  o 
   
  Non-accelerated filer  o   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
   
  Smaller Reporting Company  o 
 
 
 
  
            Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes  o  No  ý   

           The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2014 (the last trading day of the registrant's most
recently completed second quarter): $9,013,877,277 based on a closing price of $85.84 of the registrant's common stock on the New York Stock Exchange. This calculation does not reflect a determination
that persons are affiliates for any other purpose.  

           The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant's common stock, $1.00 par value, as of January 31, 2015, was 107,839,918.  

 Documents Incorporated by Reference 


           Portions
of the registrant's proxy statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2014) are incorporated by reference
into Part III, as indicated herein.  

 
   

 
 
 
 

 


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 Table of Contents   

   

   
   
   EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION   Form 10-K Annual Report—2014   Table of Contents          

 
   
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   PART I 
   
     
   
   
 
 
   Item 1. 
   
   Business 
   
 1 
 
 
   Item 1A. 
   
   Risk Factors 
   
 10 
 
 
   Item 1B. 
   
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
 20 
 
 
   Item 2. 
   
   Properties 
   
 21 
 
 
   Item 3. 
   
   Legal Proceedings 
   
 21 
 
 
   Item 4. 
   
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
 21 
 
 
   PART II 
   
     
   
 
  
 
 
   Item 5. 
   
   Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities 
   
 22 
 
 
   Item 6. 
   
   Selected Financial Data 
   
 24 
 
 
   Item 7. 
   
   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 
   
 24 
 
 
   Item 7A. 
   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
   
 38 
 
 
   Item 8. 
   
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   
 41 
 
 
   Item 9. 
   
   Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 
   
 93 
 
 
   Item 9A. 
   
   Controls and Procedures 
   
 93 
 
 
   Item 9B. 
   
   Other Information 
   
 93 
 
 
   PART III 
   
     
   
 
  
 
 
   Item 10. 
   
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
   
 94 
 
 
   Item 11. 
   
   Executive Compensation 
   
 94 
 
 
   Item 12. 
   
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters 
   
 94 
 
 
   Item 13. 
   
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
   
 94 
 
 
   Item 14. 
   
   Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
   
 94 
 
 
   PART IV 
   
     
   
 
  
 
 
   Item 15. 
   
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
   
 95 
 
 
   
   
   Signatures 
   
 99 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
    PART I          

   
       Item 1.    Business          


          This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We intend the forward-looking statements contained in this report to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of such Acts. All
statements other than statements of historical fact in this report or referred to or incorporated by reference into this report are "forward-looking statements" for purposes of these sections. These
statements include, among other things, any predictions of earnings, revenues, expenses or other financial items, plans or expectations with respect to development activities, clinical trials or
regulatory approvals, any statements of plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations, any statements concerning our future operations, financial conditions and prospects, and
any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. These statements can sometimes be identified by the use of
the forward-looking words such as "may," "believe," "will," "expect," "project," "estimate," "should," "anticipate," "plan," "goal," "continue," "seek," "pro forma," "forecast," "intend," "guidance,"
"optimistic," "aspire," "confident," other forms of these words or similar words or expressions or the negative thereof. Investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause our results or future business, financial condition, results of operations or performance to differ
materially from the our historical results or experiences or those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements contained in this report. See "Risk Factors" below for a further discussion of
these risks, as well as our subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and we do not undertake any obligation to
update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of the statement. If we do update or correct one or more of these statements, investors and others should not
conclude that we will make additional updates or corrections. 


 


 


Overview   

         Edwards Lifesciences Corporation is focused on technologies that treat structural heart disease and critically ill patients. A pioneer
in the development and commercialization of heart valve therapies, we are the world's leading manufacturer of heart valve systems and repair products used to replace or repair a patient's diseased or
defective heart valve. We are also a global leader in hemodynamic monitoring systems used to measure a patient's cardiovascular function in the hospital setting.  

         Cardiovascular
disease is the number-one cause of death in the world, and is the top disease in terms of health care spending in nearly every country. Cardiovascular disease is
progressive in that it tends to worsen over time and often affects an individual's entire circulatory system.  

         Patients
undergoing treatment for cardiovascular disease may be treated using a variety of our products and technologies. For example, an individual with a heart valve disorder may have
a faulty valve. A clinician may elect to remove the valve and replace it with one of our bioprosthetic surgical tissue heart valves, surgically re-shape and repair the faulty valve with an Edwards
Lifesciences annuloplasty ring, or deploy an Edwards Lifesciences transcatheter valve via a minimally invasive catheter-based system. Patients in the hospital setting, including high-risk patients in
the operating room or intensive care unit, are candidates for having their cardiac function or fluid levels monitored by our Critical Care products.  

 


 


Segment and Geographical Information   

         We conduct operations worldwide and are managed in the following geographical regions: United States, Europe, Japan, and Rest of World.
All regions sell products that are used to treat advanced cardiovascular disease. Additional segment and geographical information is incorporated
herein by reference to Note 18 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements. " See also the risk factor " Our business is
subject to economic, political, and other risks associated with international sales and operations, including risks arising from currency exchange rate fluctuations " in
Part I, Item 1A, " Risk Factors ," for information regarding risks involving our international operations.  

 1 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 


 


Corporate Background   

         Edwards Lifesciences Corporation was incorporated in Delaware on September 10, 1999. Unless otherwise indicated or otherwise
required by the context, the terms "we," "our," "it," "its," "Company," "Edwards," and "Edwards Lifesciences" refer to Edwards Lifesciences Corporation and its subsidiaries.  

         Our
principal executive offices are located at One Edwards Way, Irvine, California 92614. The telephone number at that address is (949) 250-2500. We make available, free of charge
on our website located at www.edwards.com, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as
soon as reasonably practicable after filing such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference into this report.  

 


 


Edwards Lifesciences' Product and Technology Offerings   

         The following discussion summarizes the main areas of products and technologies we offer to treat advanced cardiovascular disease.
These are categorized into three main areas: Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy, Surgical Heart Valve Therapy, and Critical Care. For more information on net sales from these three main areas, see    "Net Sales by Product
Group " under " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations ."  

         We
are the global leader in heart valve therapy and the world's leading manufacturer of heart valves and repair products, which are used to replace or repair a patient's diseased or
defective heart valve. We produce pericardial valves from biologically inert animal tissue sewn onto proprietary wireform stents.  

 


 


Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy   

         We have leveraged the knowledge and experience from our Surgical Heart Valve Therapy portfolio to optimize transcatheter heart valve
replacement technology, designed for the nonsurgical replacement of heart valves. The  Edwards SAPIEN, Edwards SAPIEN XT,  and    Edwards SAPIEN 3  transcatheter
aortic heart valves, and their respective delivery systems, are used to treat heart valve disease using catheter-based
approaches for certain patients deemed at high risk for traditional open-heart surgery. Delivered while the heart is beating, these valves can enable patients to experience a better quality of life
sooner than patients receiving traditional surgical therapies. We began offering our transcatheter heart valves to patients commercially in Europe in 2007, in the United States in 2011, and in Japan
in 2013. As of December 31, 2014, our transcatheter aortic heart valves were available for sale in more than 65 countries. Supported by extensive customer training and service, and a growing
body of compelling clinical evidence, our  SAPIEN  family of transcatheter aortic heart valves are the most widely prescribed transcatheter heart valves
in the world.  

         Sales
of our transcatheter heart valves represented approximately 41%, 35%, and 29% of our net sales in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.  

 


 


Surgical Heart Valve Therapy   

         The core of our surgical tissue heart valve product line is the  Carpentier-Edwards
PERIMOUNT  pericardial valve, including the line of  PERIMOUNT Magna Ease  valves, the newest generation pericardial valves for
aortic and mitral surgical replacement. With significant clinical data on durability and performance,  PERIMOUNT  valves are the most widely prescribed
tissue heart valves in the world. In addition to its replacement valves, we pioneered and are the worldwide leader in heart valve repair therapies, including annuloplasty rings and systems. We have
also developed the  EDWARDS INTUITY Valve System , a minimally invasive aortic heart valve system designed to enable a faster procedure, shorter patient
time on cardiopulmonary bypass and a smaller incision.  

 2 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Sales
of our surgical tissue heart valve products represented approximately 31%, 34%, and 36% of our net sales in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.  

         Cardiac
surgeons and their patients increasingly are seeking less invasive approaches to aortic or mitral valve surgery, which can offer a number of potential benefits, including smaller
incisions, less blood loss, quicker recoveries, and less scarring. Edwards Lifesciences offers a variety of systems used to enable minimal incision valve surgery where surgeons perform intricate
procedures through small incisions. We are also a global leader in protection cannulae, which are used during cardiac surgery.  

 


 


Critical Care   

         We are a world leader in hemodynamic monitoring systems used to measure a patient's heart function in surgical and intensive care
settings. Hemodynamic monitoring enables a clinician to balance the oxygen supply and demand of a critically ill patient and plays an important role in enhancing surgical recovery by enabling
appropriate tissue and organ perfusion, and ultimately patient outcomes and survival. Our hemodynamic monitoring technologies are used before, during, and after surgeries, such as open-heart, major
vascular, major abdominal, neurological, and orthopedic surgical procedures, as well as for acutely ill patients with conditions such as sepsis, acute respiratory distress syndrome, and multi-organ
failure.  

         We
manufacture products to help clinicians make more informed fluid management decisions for their patients, including the minimally invasive    FloTrac  continuous cardiac output monitoring system, and the
non-invasive  ClearSight  hemodynamic monitor
that provides real-time, beat-to-beat information. Our hemodynamic monitoring product line also includes the  Swan-Ganz  line of pulmonary artery
catheters, the  PreSep  continuous venous oximetry catheter for measuring central venous oxygen saturation, and the    VolumeView  sensor-catheter set that
measures a critically ill patient's volumetric hemodynamic parameters. Our    EV1000  clinical monitoring platform displays a patient's physiologic status and integrates many of our sensors and catheters
into one intuitive
platform.  

         We
are also the global leader in disposable pressure monitoring devices and innovative closed blood sampling systems to help protect both patients and clinicians from the risk of
infection.  

         Sales
of our core hemodynamic products represented approximately 15%, 17%, and 19% of our net sales in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.  

         We
manufacture and sell a variety of peripheral vascular products used to treat endolumenal occlusive disease, including the  Fogarty  line
of embolectomy catheters, which has been an industry standard for removing blood clots from peripheral blood vessels for more than 40 years.  

 


 


Competition   

         The medical device industry is highly competitive. We compete with many companies, including divisions of companies much larger than us
and smaller companies that compete in specific product lines or certain geographies. Furthermore, new product development and technological change characterize the areas in which we compete. Our
present or future products could be rendered obsolete or uneconomical as a result of technological advances by one or more of our present or future competitors or by other therapies, including drug
therapies. We must continue to develop and commercialize new products and technologies to remain competitive in the cardiovascular medical device industry. We believe that we compete primarily on the
basis of clinical superiority supported by extensive data, and innovative features that enhance patient benefit, product performance, and reliability. Customer and sales support, and
cost-effectiveness are additional aspects of competition.  

         The
cardiovascular segment of the medical device industry is dynamic and subject to significant change due to cost-of-care considerations, regulatory reform, industry and customer
consolidation, and evolving patient needs. The ability to provide products and technologies that demonstrate value and improve clinical outcomes is becoming increasingly important for medical device
manufacturers.  

 3 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         We
believe that we are a leading global competitor in each of our product lines. In Surgical and Transcatheter Heart Valve therapies, our primary competitors include
Medtronic, Inc., St. Jude Medical, Inc., and Sorin Group. In Critical Care, we compete primarily with a variety of companies in specific product lines including ICU
Medical, Inc., PULSION Medical Systems SE, a subsidiary of Getinge AB, and LiDCO Group PLC.  

 


 


Sales and Marketing   

         We have a number of broad product lines that require a sales and marketing strategy tailored to our customers in order to deliver
high-quality, cost-effective products and technologies to all of our customers worldwide. Our portfolio includes some of the most recognizable product brands in cardiovascular devices today. To help
broaden awareness of our products and technologies, we conduct educational symposia and provide training to our customers.  

         Because
of the diverse global needs of the population that we serve, our distribution system consists of a direct sales force as well as independent distributors. We are not dependent on
any single customer and no single customer accounted for 10% or more of our net sales in 2014.  

         Where
we choose to market our products is also influenced by the existence of, or potential for, adequate reimbursement to hospitals by national healthcare systems. Sales personnel work
closely with the customers who purchase our products, which primarily include physicians, nurses, and other clinical personnel, but can also include decision makers such as material managers,
biomedical staff, hospital administrators, purchasing managers, and ministries of health. Also, for certain of our products and where appropriate, our sales force actively pursues approval of Edwards
Lifesciences as a qualified supplier for hospital group purchasing organizations ("GPOs") that negotiate contracts with suppliers of medical products. Additionally, we have contracts with a number of
United States national and regional buying groups.  

          United States.     In the United States, we sell substantially all of our products through our direct sales force. In 2014, 45% of
our reported sales
were derived from sales to customers in the United States.  


         International.     In 2014, 55% of our reported sales were derived internationally through our direct sales force and independent
distributors. Of the
total international sales, 58% were in Europe, 20% were in Japan, and 22% were in Rest of World. We sell our products in approximately 100 countries, and our major international markets include
Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Spain, and the United Kingdom. A majority of the sales and marketing approach outside the United States is direct sales,
although it varies depending on each country's size and state of development.  

 



 


Raw Materials and Manufacturing   

         We operate manufacturing facilities in various geographies around the world. Our Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy and Surgical Heart
Valve Therapy products are manufactured primarily in the United States (California and Utah), Switzerland, and Singapore. Critical Care products are manufactured primarily in our facilities located in
Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic.  

         We
use a diverse and broad range of raw and organic materials in the design, development, and manufacture of our products. Our non-implantable products are manufactured from man-made raw
materials including resins, chemicals, electronics, and metals. Most of our Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy and Surgical Heart Valve Therapy products are manufactured from natural tissues harvested
from animal tissue, as well as man-made materials. We purchase certain materials and components used in manufacturing our products from external suppliers. In addition, we purchase certain supplies
from single sources for reasons of quality assurance, sole source availability, cost effectiveness, or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements.  

         We
work closely with our suppliers to mitigate risk and assure continuity of supply while maintaining uncompromised quality and reliability. Alternative supplier options are generally
considered and identified,  

 4 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 although
we do not typically pursue regulatory qualification of alternative sources due to the strength of our existing supplier relationships and the time and expense associated with the regulatory
validation process.  

         We
follow rigorous sourcing and manufacturing procedures intended to safeguard humans from potential risks associated with diseases such as bovine spongiform encephalopathy ("BSE").
International health and regulatory authorities have given guidance identifying three factors contributing to the control of BSE: source of animals, nature of tissue used, and manufacturing process
controls. In the countries in which we sell our products, we comply with all current global guidelines regarding risks for products intended to be implanted in humans. We obtain bovine tissue used in
our pericardial tissue valve products only from sources within the United States and Australia, where strong control measures and surveillance programs exist. In addition, bovine tissue used in our
pericardial tissue valve products is from tissue types considered by global health and regulatory organizations to have shown no risk of infectibility. Our manufacturing and sterilization processes
are designed to render tissue biologically safe from all known infectious agents and viruses, and exceed the worldwide standard for sterile medical products.  

 


 


Quality Assurance   

         We are committed to providing quality products that comply with United States Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") and other applicable
regulations to our customers. To meet this commitment, we have implemented modern quality systems and concepts throughout the organization. The quality system starts with the initial product
specification and continues through the design of the product, component specification processes, and the manufacturing, sales, and servicing of the product. The quality system is intended to design
quality into products and utilizes continuous improvement concepts, including Lean/Six Sigma principles, throughout the product lifecycle.  

         Our
operations are inspected by the FDA and comply with all applicable international quality systems standards, including the International Organization for Standardization ("ISO")
13485. These standards require, among other items, quality system controls that are applied to product design, component material, suppliers, and manufacturing operations. These regulatory approvals
and ISO certifications can be obtained only after a complete audit of a company's quality system has been conducted by regulatory or independent outside auditors. Periodic reexamination by an
independent outside auditor is required to maintain these certifications.  

 


 


Environmental, Health, and Safety   

         We are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace, promoting environmental excellence in our communities, and complying with
all relevant regulations and medical device industry standards. Through our corporate and site level Environmental, Health, and Safety functions, we establish and monitor programs to reduce pollution,
prevent injuries, and maintain compliance. In order to measure performance, we monitor and report on a number of metrics, including regulated and non-regulated waste disposal, energy usage, water
consumption, air toxic emissions, and injuries from our production activities. Each of our manufacturing sites is evaluated regularly with respect to a broad range of Environmental, Health, and Safety
criteria.  

 


 


Research and Development   

         We are engaged in ongoing research and development to deliver clinically advanced new products, to enhance the effectiveness, ease of
use, safety and reliability of our current leading
products, and to expand the applications of our products as appropriate. We focus on opportunities within specific areas of structural heart disease and critical care monitoring, and we are dedicated
to developing novel technologies to better enable clinicians to treat patients.  

 5 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

         We invested $346.5 million in research and development in 2014, $323.0 million in 2013, and $291.3 million in 2012 (14.9%, 15.8%, and 15.3%
of net sales, respectively). The majority of our research and development investment has been applied to strengthen our leadership position in transcatheter heart valve replacement technologies,
surgical tissue heart valves, heart valve repair therapies, and hemodynamic monitoring products. We have also dedicated a sizable portion of our research and development investment to developing
advanced technologies designed to address unmet clinical needs within the area of structural heart disease. A considerable portion of our research and development investment includes clinical trials
and the collection of evidence that provide data for use in regulatory submissions, and post-market approval studies involving applications of our products.  

         We
are investing substantially in the development of transcatheter heart valve technologies designed to treat heart valve disease using catheter-based approaches. In the area of
transcatheter aortic valve replacement ("TAVR"), we are developing a repositionable, self-expanding transcatheter heart valve system, the  Edwards
CENTERA  transcatheter valve system, in addition to next-generation balloon-expandable valves. We are also making significant investments in the development of transcatheter
heart valve technologies designed to treat mitral valve disease.  

         Surgical
Heart Valve Therapy development programs include the  EDWARDS INTUITY Elite Valve System , a next-generation minimally invasive
aortic heart valve system, and  RESILIA , an advanced tissue platform designed to improve tissue valve durability and ease of use.  

         In
our Critical Care product line, we are pursuing the development of non-invasive and minimally invasive hemodynamic monitoring systems, including continuous hemodynamic monitoring, and
other technologies that collect critical patient information to help clinicians make more informed treatment decisions for larger patient populations.  

         Our
research and development activities are conducted primarily in facilities located in the United States, Israel, and the Netherlands. Our experienced research and development staff is
focused on product design and development, quality, clinical research, and regulatory compliance. To pursue primary research efforts, we have developed alliances with several leading research
institutions and universities, and also work with leading clinicians around the world in conducting scientific studies on our existing and developing products.  


 


 


Proprietary Technology   

         Patents and other proprietary rights are important to the success of our business. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how,
continuing innovations, and licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position.  

         We
own more than 2,500 issued United States patents, pending United States patent applications, issued foreign patents, and pending foreign patent applications. We also have licensed
various United States and foreign patents and patent applications that relate to aspects of the technology incorporated in certain of our products, including our heart valves and annuloplasty rings.
We also own or have rights in United States and foreign patents and patent applications in the field of transcatheter heart valve repair and replacement. In addition, we own or have rights in United
States and foreign patents and patent applications that cover catheters, systems and methods for hemodynamic monitoring, and vascular access products.  

         We
are a party to several license agreements with unrelated third parties pursuant to which we have obtained, for varying terms, the exclusive or non-exclusive rights to certain patents
held by such third parties in consideration for cross-licensing rights and/or royalty payments. We have also licensed certain patent rights to others.  


         We
monitor the products of our competitors for possible infringement of our owned and licensed patents. Litigation has been necessary to enforce certain patent rights held by us, and we
plan to continue to defend and prosecute our rights with respect to such patents.  

 6 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         We
own certain United States registered trademarks used in our business. Many of our trademarks have also been registered for use in certain foreign countries where registration is
available and where we have determined it is commercially advantageous to do so.  

 


 


Government Regulation and Other Matters   

         Our products and facilities are subject to regulation by numerous government agencies, including the U.S. FDA, European Community
Notified Bodies, and the Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency, to confirm compliance to the various laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling,
marketing, and distribution of our products. We are also governed by federal, state, local, and international laws of general applicability, such as those regulating employee health and safety and the
protection of the environment. Overall, the amount and scope of domestic and foreign laws and regulations applicable to our business is increasing.  

          United States Regulation.     In the United States, the FDA has responsibility for regulating medical devices. The FDA regulates
design, development,
testing, clinical studies, manufacturing, labeling, promotion, and record keeping for medical devices, and reporting of adverse events, recalls, or other field actions by manufacturers and users to
identify potential problems with marketed medical devices. Many of the devices that we develop and market are in a category for which the FDA has implemented stringent clinical investigation and
pre-market clearance or approval requirements. The process of obtaining FDA clearance or approval to market a product is resource intensive, lengthy, and costly. FDA review may involve substantial
delays that adversely affect the marketing and sale of our products. A number of our products are pending regulatory clearance or approval to begin commercial sales in various markets. Ultimately, the
FDA may not authorize the commercial release of a medical device if it determines the device is not safe and effective or does not meet other standards for clearance. Additionally, even if a product
is cleared or approved, the FDA may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the effects of these products once commercialized.  


         The
FDA has the authority to halt the distribution of certain medical devices, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded medical devices, order the repair, replacement, or refund of the
costs of such devices, or preclude the importation of devices that are or appear violative. The FDA also conducts inspections to determine compliance with the quality system regulations concerning the
manufacturing and design of devices and current medical device reporting regulations, recall regulations, clinical testing regulations, and other requirements. The FDA may withdraw product clearances
or approvals due to failure to comply with
regulatory standards, or the occurrence of unforeseen problems following initial approval, and require notification of health professionals and others with regard to medical devices that present
unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. Additionally, the failure to comply with FDA or comparable regulatory standards or the discovery of previously unknown product problems
could result in fines, delays, or suspensions of regulatory clearances or approvals, seizures, injunctions, recalls, refunds, civil money penalties, or criminal prosecution. Our compliance with
applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review. Moreover, the FDA and several other United States agencies administer controls over the export of medical devices from the United
States and the import of devices into the United States, which could also subject us to sanctions for noncompliance.  

         In
May 2013, we received a warning letter from the Denver District Office of the FDA resulting from an inspection of our facility in Draper, Utah. The warning letter relates specifically
to the execution of our quality systems at the Utah facility, including design and process validation, corrective and preventive actions, finished device acceptance, and packaging, and indicated that
we would not receive pre-market approvals for devices reasonably related to those issues until the issues are resolved. Our Utah facility manufactures devices such as cannulae and cardioplegia
catheters, heart valve repair rings, and transcatheter heart valve delivery system components and accessories. We are actively implementing the necessary actions to resolve these issues identified in
the letter. In June 2014, we were granted a variance from the FDA through June 15, 2015 for the  SAPIEN XT  delivery systems and components that
are manufactured at the Draper facility. Under the  

 7 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 variance,
we are complying with an agreed upon action plan for the  SAPIEN XT  delivery system that verifies the safety and effectiveness of its intended
use.  

         We
are also subject to additional laws and regulations that govern our business operations, products, and technologies, including: 

 
 
 •  federal, state, and foreign anti-kickback laws and regulations, which generally prohibit payments to physicians or other purchasers of
medical products as an inducement to purchase a product;  
 •  the Stark law, which prohibits physicians from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to a provider that bills these programs for the
provision of certain designated health services if the physician (or a member of the physician's immediate family) has a financial relationship with that provider;    
 •  federal and state laws and regulations that protect the confidentiality of certain patient health information, including patient
records, and restrict the use and disclosure of such information, in particular, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996;  
 •  the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires public disclosure of the financial relationships of United States physicians and
teaching hospitals with applicable manufacturers, including medical device, pharmaceutical, and biologics companies;  
 •  the False Claims Act, which prohibits the submission of false or otherwise improper claims for payment to a federally funded health
care program, and health care fraud statutes that prohibit false statements and improper claims to any third-party payor; and  
 •  the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which can be used to prosecute companies in the United States for arrangements with
foreign government officials or other parties outside the United States.  
 

         Failure
to comply with these laws and regulations could result in criminal liability, significant fines or penalties, negative publicity, and substantial costs and expenses associated
with investigation and enforcement activities. To assist in our compliance efforts, we adhere to many codes of ethics and conduct regarding our sales and marketing activities in the United States and
other countries in which we operate. In addition, we have in place a dedicated team to improve our internal business compliance programs and policies.  

          International Regulation.     Internationally, the regulation of medical devices is complex. In Europe, our products are subject to
extensive regulatory
requirements. The regulatory regime in the European Union for medical devices became mandatory in June 1998. It requires that medical devices may only be placed on the market if they do not compromise
safety and health when properly installed, maintained, and used in accordance with their intended purpose. National laws conforming to the European Union's legislation regulate our products under the
medical devices regulatory system. Although the more variable national requirements under which
medical devices were formerly regulated have been substantially replaced by the European Union Medical Devices Directive, individual nations can still impose unique requirements that may require
supplemental submissions. The European Union medical device laws require manufacturers to declare that their products conform to the essential regulatory requirements after which the products may be
placed on the market bearing the CE Mark. Manufacturers' quality systems for products in all but the lowest risk classification are also subject to certification and audit by an independent notified
body. In Europe, particular emphasis is being placed on more sophisticated and faster procedures for the reporting of adverse events to the competent authorities.  


         In
Japan, pre-market approval and clinical studies are required as is governmental pricing approval for medical devices. Clinical studies are subject to a stringent "Good Clinical
Practices" standard. Approval time frames from the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare vary from simple notifications to review periods of one or more years, depending on the complexity
and risk level of the device. In addition, importation of medical devices into Japan is subject to the "Good Import Practices" regulations. As with any highly regulated market, significant changes in
the regulatory environment could adversely affect future sales.  

 8 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         In
many of the other foreign countries in which we market our products, we may be subject to regulations affecting, among other things: 

 
 
 •  product standards and specifications;  
 •  packaging requirements;  
 •  labeling requirements;  
 •  product collection and disposal requirements;  
 •  quality system requirements;  
 •  import restrictions;  
 •  tariffs;  
 •  duties; and  
 •  tax requirements.  
 

         Many
of the regulations applicable to our devices and products in these countries are similar to those of the FDA. In some regions, the level of government regulation of medical devices
is increasing, which can lengthen time to market and increase registration and approval costs. In many countries, the national health or social security organizations require our products to be
qualified before they can be marketed and considered eligible for reimbursement.  

          Health Care Initiatives.     Government and private sector initiatives to limit the growth of health care costs, including price
regulation and
competitive pricing, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness reviews, technology assessments, and managed-care arrangements, are continuing in many countries where we do business,
including the United States, Europe, and Japan. As a result of these changes, the marketplace has placed increased emphasis on the delivery of more cost-effective medical therapies. For example,
government programs, private health care insurance, and managed-care plans have attempted to control costs by restricting coverage and limiting the level of reimbursement for procedures or treatments,
and some third-party payors require their pre-approval before new or innovative devices or therapies are utilized by
patients. These various initiatives have created increased price sensitivity over medical products generally and may impact demand for our products and technologies.  

         The
delivery of our products is subject to regulation by the Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS") in the United States and comparable state and foreign agencies responsible
for reimbursement and regulation of health care items and services. Foreign governments also impose regulations in connection with their health care reimbursement programs and the delivery of health
care items and services. Reimbursement schedules regulate the amount the United States government will reimburse hospitals and doctors for the inpatient care of persons covered by Medicare. HHS'
Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services ("CMS") may also review whether and/or under what circumstances a procedure or technology is reimbursable for Medicare beneficiaries. Several
legislative proposals in the United States have been advanced that would restrict future funding increases for government-funded programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. Changes in current
reimbursement levels could have an adverse effect on market demand and our pricing flexibility.  

         Health
care cost containment efforts have also prompted domestic hospitals and other customers of medical device manufacturers to consolidate into larger purchasing groups to enhance
purchasing power, and this trend is expected to continue. The medical device industry has also experienced some consolidation, partly in order to offer a broader range of products to large purchasers.
As a result, transactions with customers are larger, more complex and tend to involve more long-term contracts than in the past. These larger customers, due to their enhanced purchasing power, may
attempt to increase the pressure on product pricing.  

 9 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


         Health Care Reform.     In 2010, significant reforms to the health care system were adopted as law in the United States. The law
includes provisions
that, among other things, reduce or limit Medicare reimbursement, require all individuals to have health insurance (with limited exceptions), and impose increased taxes. Specifically, the law requires
the medical device industry to subsidize health care reform in the form of a 2.3% excise tax on United States sales of most medical devices. The excise tax increased our operating expenses. Because
other parts of the 2010 health care law remain subject to continued implementation, the long-term impact on us is uncertain. This law or any future legislation could reduce medical procedure volumes,
lower reimbursement for our products, and impact the demand for our products or the prices at which we sell our products.  

 


 


Seasonality   

         Our quarterly net sales are influenced by many factors, including new product introductions, acquisitions, regulatory approvals,
patient and physician holiday schedules, and other factors. Net sales in the third quarter are typically lower than other quarters of the year due to the seasonality of the United States and European
markets, where summer vacation schedules normally result in fewer medical procedures.  


 


 


Employees   

         As of December 31, 2014, we had approximately 9,100 employees worldwide, the majority of whom were located in the United States,
the Dominican Republic, Singapore, and Puerto Rico. Other major concentrations of employees are located in Europe and Japan. We emphasize competitive compensation, benefits, equity participation, and
a positive and attractive work environment in our efforts to attract and retain qualified personnel, and employ a rigorous talent management system. None of our North American employees are
represented by a labor union. In various countries outside of North America, we interact with trade unions and work councils that represent a limited number of employees.   

   
       Item 1A.    Risk Factors          

          Our business and assets are subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty. An investor should carefully
consider the risks described below, as well as other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional
risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of these events or circumstances occurs, our business, financial condition, results
of operations, or prospects could be materially harmed. In that case, the value of our securities could decline and an investor could lose part or all of his or her investment. In addition,
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that are contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in our other filings or statements may be subject to the
risks described below as well as other risks and uncertainties. Please read the cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements in Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations," below. 

 


 


If we do not introduce new products in a timely manner, our products may become obsolete and our
operating results may suffer.   

         The cardiovascular products industry is characterized by technological changes, frequent new product introductions, and evolving
industry standards. Without the timely introduction of new and improved products, our products could become technologically obsolete or more susceptible to competition and our revenue and operating
results would suffer. Even if we are able to develop new or improved products, our ability to market them could be limited by the need for regulatory clearance, restrictions imposed on approved
indications, entrenched patterns of clinical practice, uncertainty over third-party reimbursement, or other factors. We devote significant financial and other resources to our research and development
activities; however, the research and development process is prolonged and entails considerable uncertainty. Accordingly, products we are currently developing may not complete the development process
or obtain the regulatory or other approvals required to market such products in a timely manner or at all.  

 10 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Technical
innovations often require substantial time and investment before we can determine their commercial viability. We may not have the financial resources necessary to fund all of
these projects. In addition, even if we are able to successfully develop new or improved products, they may not produce revenue in excess of the costs of development, and they may be rendered obsolete
or less competitive by changing customer preferences or the introduction by our competitors of products with newer technologies or features or other factors.  

 


 


We may incur product liability losses that could adversely affect our operating results.   

         Our business exposes us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture, and marketing of medical
devices. Our products are often used in surgical and intensive care settings with seriously ill patients. In addition, many of the medical devices we manufacture and sell are designed to be implanted
in the human body for long periods of time. Component failures, manufacturing flaws, design defects, or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information could result in an
unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, patients. Such a problem could result in product liability lawsuits and claims, safety alerts, or product recalls in the future, which, regardless of their
ultimate outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, and ability to attract and retain customers. Product liability claims may be brought from time to time either by
individuals or by groups seeking to represent a class. We may incur charges related to such matters in excess of any established
reserves and such charges, including the establishment of any such reserves, could have a material adverse impact on our net income and net cash flows.  

 


 


We may experience supply interruptions that could harm our ability to manufacture products.   

         We use a broad range of raw and organic materials and other items in the design and manufacture of our products. Our Surgical and
Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy products are manufactured from treated natural animal tissue and man-made materials. Our non-implantable products are manufactured from man-made raw materials
including resins, chemicals, electronics, and metals. We purchase certain of the materials and components used in the manufacture of our products from external suppliers, and we purchase certain
supplies from single sources for reasons of quality assurance, cost-effectiveness, availability, or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. General economic conditions could adversely
affect the financial viability of our suppliers, resulting in their inability to provide materials and components used in the manufacture of our products. While we work closely with suppliers to
monitor their financial viability, assure continuity of supply, and maintain high quality and reliability, these efforts may not be successful. In addition, due to the rigorous regulations and
requirements of the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities regarding the manufacture of our products (including the need for approval of any change in supply arrangements), we may have difficulty
establishing additional or replacement sources on a timely basis or at all if the need arises. Although alternative supplier options are considered and identified, we typically do not pursue
regulatory qualification of alternative sources due to the strength of our existing supplier relationships and the time and expense associated with the regulatory validation process. A change in
suppliers could require significant effort or investment in circumstances where the items supplied are integral to product performance or incorporate unique technology, and the loss of any existing
supply contract could have a material adverse effect on us.  

         Regulatory
agencies in the United States or other international geographies from time to time have limited or banned the use of certain materials used in the manufacture of our products.
In these circumstances, transition periods typically provide time to arrange for alternative materials. In addition, the SEC enacted disclosure rules regarding products that may contain certain
minerals that originate from conflict areas in and around the Democratic Republic of Congo. If our suppliers cannot verify that their components do not originate from these conflict areas, we may need
to source components from alternative suppliers. If we are unable to identify alternative materials or suppliers and secure approval for their use in a timely manner, our business could be harmed.  

 11 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 Table of Contents   

         Some of our suppliers are located outside the United States. As a result, trade or regulatory embargoes imposed by foreign countries or the United States could
result in delays or shortages that could harm our business.  

 


 


The manufacture of many of our products is highly complex and subject to strict quality controls. If
we or one of our suppliers encounters manufacturing or quality problems, including as a result of natural disasters, our business could suffer.   

         The manufacture of many of our products is highly complex and subject to strict quality controls, due in part to rigorous regulatory
requirements. In addition, quality is extremely important due to the serious and costly consequences of a product failure. Problems can arise during the manufacturing process for a number of reasons,
including equipment malfunction, failure to follow protocols and procedures, raw material problems, or human error. If these problems arise or if we otherwise fail to meet our internal quality
standards or those of the FDA or other applicable regulatory body, which include detailed record-keeping requirements, our reputation could be damaged, we could become subject to a safety alert or a
recall, we could incur product liability and other costs, product approvals could be delayed, and our business could otherwise be adversely affected.  

         In
addition, our manufacturing facilities in California, Utah, the Dominican Republic, and Puerto Rico could be materially damaged by earthquakes, hurricanes, and other natural disasters
or catastrophic circumstances. While we believe that our exposure to significant losses from a catastrophic disaster could be partially mitigated by our ability to manufacture some of our products at
our other manufacturing facilities, the losses could have a material adverse effect on our business for an indeterminate period of time before this manufacturing transition is complete and operates
without significant disruption.  

 


 


We may be required, from time to time, to recognize charges in connection with the write-down of our
asset or business dispositions, or for other reasons.   

         From time to time, we identify businesses and products that are not performing at a level commensurate with the rest of our business.
We may seek to dispose of these underperforming businesses or products. We may also seek to dispose of other businesses or products for strategic or other business reasons. If we cannot dispose of a
business or product on acceptable terms, we may voluntarily cease operations related to that business or product. Any of these events could result in charges, which could be substantial and which
could adversely affect our results of operations.  

 


 


We may not successfully identify and complete acquisitions or strategic alliances on favorable terms
or achieve anticipated synergies relating to any acquisitions or alliances, and such acquisitions could result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, require significant management
resources, and require significant charges or write-downs.   

         We regularly explore potential acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies, services, or products, as well as potential
strategic alliances. We may be unable to find suitable acquisition candidates or appropriate partners with which to form alliances. Even if we identify appropriate acquisition or alliance candidates,
we may be unable to complete the acquisitions or alliances on favorable terms, if at all. In addition, the process of integrating an acquired business, technology, service, or product into our
existing operations could result in unforeseen difficulties and expenditures. Integration of an acquired company often requires significant expenditures as well as significant management resources
that otherwise would be available for ongoing development of our other businesses. Moreover, we may not realize the anticipated financial or other benefits of an acquisition or alliance.  


         We
may be required to take charges or write-downs in connection with acquisitions. In particular, acquisitions of businesses engaged in the development of new products may give rise to
in-process research and development ("IPR&D") assets. To the extent that the value of these assets declines, we may be required  

 12 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 to
write down the value of the assets. Also, in connection with certain asset acquisitions, we may be required to take an immediate charge related to acquired IPR&D. Either of these situations could
result in substantial charges, which could adversely affect our results of operations.  

         Future
acquisitions could also involve the issuance of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization of expenses related to other intangible assets,
any of which could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. In addition, equity or debt financing required for such acquisitions may not be available.  


 


 


General economic and political conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business.   

         External factors can affect our profitability and financial condition. Such external factors include general domestic and global
economic conditions, such as interest rates, tax rates, and factors affecting global economic stability, and the political environment regarding health care in general. The strength and timing of the
current economic recovery remains uncertain, and we cannot predict to what extent the global economic conditions may negatively impact our business. For example, negative conditions in the credit and
capital markets could impair our ability to access the financial markets for working capital or other funds, and could negatively impact our ability to borrow. An increase in interest rates could
result in an increase in our borrowing costs and could otherwise restrict our ability to access the capital markets. Such conditions could result in decreased liquidity and impairments in the carrying
value of our investments, and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. These and other conditions could also adversely affect our customers, and may impact their
ability or decision to purchase our products or make payments on a timely basis.  

         In
2010, significant reforms to the health care system were adopted as law in the United States. The law includes provisions that, among other things, reduce or limit Medicare
reimbursement, require all individuals to have health insurance (with limited exceptions) and impose increased taxes. Specifically, the law requires the medical device industry to subsidize health
care reform in the form of a 2.3% excise tax on United States sales of most medical devices. The excise tax increased our operating expenses. Because other parts of the 2010 health care law remain
subject to continued implementation, the long-term impact on us is uncertain. This law or any future legislation, including deficit reduction legislation, could adversely affect our results of
operations, financial condition, and prospects if they were to impact the demand for our products or pricing, or result in cuts to, or a restructuring of, entitlement programs such as Medicare and
Medicaid.  

 


 


Our business is subject to economic, political, and other risks associated with international sales
and operations, including risks arising from currency exchange rate fluctuations.   

         Because we sell our products in a number of countries, our business is subject to the risks of doing business internationally,
including risks associated with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws. Our net sales originating outside the United States, as a percentage of total net sales, were 55% in 2014. We anticipate that
sales from international operations will continue to represent a substantial portion of our total sales. In addition, many of our manufacturing facilities and suppliers are located outside of the
United States. Accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including: 

 
 
 •  changes in local medical reimbursement policies and programs;  
 •  changes in foreign regulatory requirements;  
 •  changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions, such as the current financial uncertainties in Europe
and changing circumstances in emerging regions, that may reduce the number of procedures that use our products;  
 •  trade protection measures, quotas, embargoes, import or export licensing requirements, and duties, tariffs, or surcharges;  
 
 13 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  potentially negative impact of tax laws, including transfer pricing liabilities and tax costs associated with the repatriation of
cash;  
 •  difficulty in staffing and managing global operations;  
 •  cultural, exchange rate, or other local factors affecting financial terms with customers;    
 •  local economic and financial conditions, including sovereign defaults and decline in sovereign credit ratings, affecting the
collectability of receivables, including receivables from sovereign entities;  
 •  an outbreak of any life-threatening communicable disease;  
 •  economic and political instability and local economic and political conditions;  
 •  differing labor regulations; and  
 •  differing protection of intellectual property.  
 

         Substantially
all of our sales outside of the United States are denominated in local currencies. Measured in local currency, a substantial portion of our international sales was
generated in Europe (and primarily denominated in the Euro) and in Japan. The United States dollar value of our international sales varies with currency exchange rate fluctuations. Decreases in the
value of the United States dollar to the Euro or the Japanese yen have the effect of increasing our reported revenues even when the volume of international sales has remained constant. Increases in
the value of the United States dollar relative to the Euro or the Japanese yen, as well as other currencies, have the opposite effect and, if significant, could have a material adverse effect on our
reported revenues and results of operations. We have a hedging program for certain currencies that attempts to manage currency exchange rate risks to an acceptable level based on management's judgment
of the appropriate trade-off between risk, opportunity, and cost; however, this hedging program does not completely eliminate the effects of currency exchange rate fluctuations.  

         The
United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act, and similar laws in other jurisdictions contain prohibitions against bribery and other illegal payments,
and make it an offense to fail to have procedures in place that prevent such payments. Recent years have seen an increasing number of investigations and other enforcement activities under these laws.
Although we have compliance programs in place with respect to these laws, which may be used as a defense to prove we had adequate procedures, no assurance can be given that a violation will not be
found, and if found, the resulting penalties could adversely affect us and our business.  

 


 


The stock market can be volatile and fluctuations in our quarterly sales and operating results as
well as other factors could cause our financial guidance to vary from actual results and our stock price to decline.   


         From time to time, the stock market experiences extreme price and volume fluctuations. This volatility can have a significant effect on
the market prices of securities for reasons unrelated to underlying performance. These broad market fluctuations may materially adversely affect our stock price, regardless of our operating results.
In addition, the market price of our common stock could fluctuate substantially in response to any of the other risk factors set out above and below, as well as a number of other factors, including
the performance of comparable companies or the medical device industry, or changes in financial estimates and recommendations of securities analysts.  


         Our
sales and operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. A high proportion of our costs are fixed, due in part to significant selling, research and development,
and manufacturing costs. Thus, small declines in revenue could disproportionately affect our operating results in a quarter, and the price of our common stock could fall. Other factors that could
affect our quarterly sales and operating results include: 

 
 
 •  announcements of innovations, new products, strategic developments, or business combinations by us or our competitors;  
 
 14 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 •  demand for and clinical acceptance of products;  
 •  the timing and execution of customer contracts, particularly large contracts that would materially affect our operating results in a
given quarter;  
 •  the timing of sales of products and of the introduction of new products;  
 •  the timing of marketing, training, and other expenses related to the introduction of new products;    
 •  the timing of regulatory approvals;  
 •  changes in foreign currency exchange rates;  
 •  delays or problems in introducing new products, such as slower than anticipated adoption of transcatheter heart valves;    
 •  changes in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our competitors;  
 •  the timing of approvals of governmental reimbursement rates or changes in reimbursement rates for our products;    
 •  increased expenses, whether related to sales and marketing, raw materials or supplies, product development, or administration;    
 •  changes in the level of economic activity in the United States or other regions in which we do business;    
 •  costs related to acquisitions of technologies or businesses; and  
 •  our ability to expand our operations and the amount and timing of expansion-related expenditures.  
 

         The
quarterly and full-year financial guidance we provide to investors and analysts with insight to our view of our future performance is based on assumptions about our sales and
operating results. Due to the nature of our business and the numerous factors that can impact our sales and operating performance, including those
described above, our financial guidance may vary from actual results. If we fail to meet any financial guidance that we provide, or if we find it necessary to revise such guidance during the year, the
price of our common stock could decline.  

 


 


We face intense competition, and if we do not compete effectively, our business will be harmed.   

         The cardiovascular medical device industry is highly competitive. We compete with many companies, some of which have longer operating
histories, better brand or name recognition, and broader product offerings. Our customers consider many factors when selecting a product, including product reliability, breadth of product line,
clinical outcomes, product availability, price, availability and rate of reimbursement, and services provided by the manufacturer. In addition, our ability to compete will depend in large part on our
ability to develop and acquire new products and technologies, anticipate technology advances, and keep pace with other developers of cardiovascular therapies and technologies. Our sales, technical,
and other key personnel play an integral role in the development, marketing, and selling of new and existing products. If we are unable to recruit, hire, develop, and retain a talented, competitive
workforce, our ability to compete may be adversely affected. Our competitive position can also be adversely affected by product problems, physician advisories and safety alerts, reflecting the
importance of quality in the medical device industry. Our position can shift as a result of any of these factors. See " Competition " under
" Business " included herein.  

 


 


Consolidation in the health care industry could have an adverse effect on our sales and results of
operations.   

         The health care industry has been consolidating, and organizations such as GPOs, independent delivery networks, and large single
accounts, such as the United States Veterans Administration, continue to consolidate purchasing decisions for many of our health care provider customers. As a result, transactions with  

 15 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 customers
are larger, more complex, and tend to involve more long-term contracts. The purchasing power of these larger customers has increased, and may continue to increase, causing downward pressure
on product pricing. If we are not one of the providers selected by one of these organizations, we may be precluded from making sales to its members or participants. Even if we are one of the selected
providers, we may be at a disadvantage relative to other selected providers that are able to offer volume discounts based on purchases of a broader range of medical equipment and supplies. Further, we
may be required to commit to pricing that has a material adverse effect on our revenues, profit margins, business, financial condition, and results of
operations. We expect that market demand, governmental regulation, third-party reimbursement policies, and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide health care industry, resulting in
further business consolidations and alliances, which may exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.  

 


 


Our inability to protect our intellectual property or other sensitive company information could have
a material adverse effect on our business.   

         Our success and competitive position are dependent in part upon our proprietary intellectual property. We rely on a combination of
patents and trade secrets to protect our proprietary intellectual property, and we expect to continue to do so. Although we seek to protect our proprietary rights through a variety of means, we cannot
guarantee that the protective steps we have taken are adequate to protect these rights. Patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future may be challenged and held invalid. In
addition, as our patents expire, we may be unsuccessful in extending their protection through patent term extensions. The expiration of, or the failure to maintain or extend our patents, could have a
material adverse effect on us.  

         We
also rely on confidentiality agreements with certain employees, consultants, and other third parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary information. These
agreements could be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for such a breach. In addition, others could independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or gain access
to our trade secrets or proprietary information.  

         Our
intellectual property, other proprietary technology, and other sensitive company information is potentially vulnerable to loss, damage, or misappropriation from system malfunction,
computer viruses, unauthorized access to our data, or misappropriation or misuse of it by those with permitted access, and other events. While we have invested to protect our intellectual property and
other information, and continue to work diligently in this area, there can be no assurance that our precautionary measures will prevent breakdowns, breaches, cyber-attacks, or other events. Such
events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition, or results of operations.  

         We
spend significant resources to enforce our intellectual property rights, sometimes resulting in litigation. Intellectual property litigation is complex and can be expensive and
time-consuming. However, our efforts in this regard may not be successful. We may not be able to detect infringement. In addition, competitors may design around our technology or develop competing
technologies. Patent litigation can result in substantial cost and diversion of effort. Intellectual property protection may also be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries, enabling our
competitors to capture increased market position. The invalidation of key intellectual property rights or an unsuccessful outcome in lawsuits filed to protect our intellectual property could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or prospects.  

 


 


Third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property, and we could suffer
significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products.   

         During recent years, we and our competitors have been involved in substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual
property rights in the medical device industry. From time to time, we have been and may in the future be forced to defend against claims and legal actions alleging infringement of the intellectual
property rights of others, and such intellectual property litigation is typically costly and time-consuming. Adverse determinations in any such litigation could result in significant liabilities to
third parties or  

 16 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 injunctions,
or could require us to seek licenses from third parties and, if such licenses are not available on commercially reasonable terms, prevent us from manufacturing, selling, or using certain
products, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, some licenses may be non-exclusive, which could provide our competitors access to the same technologies.  

         Third
parties could also obtain patents that may require us to either redesign products or, if possible, negotiate licenses from such third parties. Such licenses may materially increase
our expenses. If we are unable to redesign products or obtain a license, we might have to exit a particular product offering.  

 


 


We and our customers are subject to rigorous governmental regulations and we may incur significant
expenses to comply with these regulations and develop products that are compatible with these regulations. In addition, failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to substantial
sanctions which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.   

         The medical devices we manufacture and market are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA and numerous other federal, state, and
foreign governmental authorities, including regulations that cover the composition, labeling, testing, clinical study, design, sourcing, manufacturing, packaging, marketing, advertising, promotion,
and distribution of our products.  

         We
are required to register with the FDA as a device manufacturer. As a result, we are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with the FDA's Quality System Regulation
("QSR") requirements, which require manufacturers of medical devices to adhere to certain regulations, including testing, design,
quality control, and documentation procedures. The FDA may also inspect our compliance with requirements related to adverse event reporting, recalls or corrections (field actions), the conduct of
clinical studies, and other requirements. In the European Union, we are required to maintain certain CE Mark and ISO certifications in order to sell our products, and are subject to periodic
inspections by notified bodies to obtain and maintain these certifications. If we or our suppliers fail to adhere to QSR, CE Mark, ISO, or similar requirements, this could delay or interrupt product
production or sales and/or lead to fines, difficulties in obtaining regulatory clearances, recalls, or other consequences, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations or prospects.  

         Medical
devices must receive FDA clearance or approval before they can be commercially marketed in the United States. In addition, the FDA may require testing and surveillance programs
to monitor the effects of approved products that have been commercialized, and can prevent or limit further marketing of a product based upon the results of post-marketing programs. In addition, the
federal Medical Device Reporting regulations require us to provide information to the FDA whenever there is evidence that reasonably suggests that a device may have caused or contributed to a death or
serious injury or, if a malfunction were to occur, would be likely to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. Federal regulations also require us to report certain recalls or corrective
actions to the FDA. Furthermore, most major markets for medical devices outside the United States require clearance, approval, or compliance with certain standards before a product can be commercially
marketed. The process of obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals to market a medical device, particularly from the FDA and certain foreign governmental authorities, can be costly and
time-consuming, and clearances or approvals may not be granted for products or product improvements on a timely basis, if at all. Delays in receipt of, or failure to obtain, clearances or approvals
for products or product improvements could result in delayed realization of product revenues or in substantial additional costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or results
of operations or prospects. At any time after approval of a product for commercial sale, the FDA may conduct periodic inspections to determine compliance with QSR requirements, and/or current Medical
Device Reporting regulations, or other regulatory requirements. Noncompliance with applicable requirements may subject us or responsible individuals to sanctions including civil money penalties,
product seizure, injunction, or criminal prosecution. In addition, the FDA may withhold or delay pre-market approval of our products until the noncompliance is resolved. Product approvals by the FDA
can also be withdrawn due to failure to comply with regulatory standards or the occurrence of unforeseen problems following initial approval.  

 17 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Regulatory
agencies in the United States or other international geographies from time to time limit or ban the use of certain materials used in the manufacture of our products, require
collection and disposal of products at the end of their lifecycle, and require disclosure of the origin of certain raw materials in our products. Noncompliance with applicable requirements could have
a material adverse effect on our business.  

         The
United States Physician Payment Sunshine Act, and similar laws in other jurisdictions, also impose reporting and disclosure requirements on device, pharmaceutical, and biologics
companies for certain financial relationships with United States health care providers and teaching hospitals. Failure to submit required information or submitting incorrect information may result in
significant civil monetary penalties.  

         We
are also subject to various United States and international laws pertaining to health care pricing, anti-corruption, and fraud and abuse, including prohibitions on kickbacks and the
submission of false claims laws and restrictions on relationships with physicians and other referral sources. These laws are broad in scope and are subject to evolving interpretation, which could
require us to incur substantial costs to monitor compliance or to alter our practices if we are found not to be in compliance. Violations of these laws may be punishable by criminal or civil sanctions
against us and our officers and employees, including substantial fines, imprisonment, and exclusion from participation in governmental health care programs.  


         Despite
our implementation of robust compliance processes, we may be subject, from time to time, to inspections, investigations, and other enforcement actions by governmental
authorities. If we are found not to be in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, the applicable governmental authority can impose fines, delay, suspend, or revoke regulatory clearances or
approvals, institute proceedings to detain or seize our products, issue a recall, impose marketing or operating restrictions, enjoin future violations and assess civil penalties against us or our
officers or employees, and institute criminal prosecution. Moreover, governmental authorities can ban or request the recall, repair, replacement, or refund of the cost of any device or product we
manufacture or distribute. Any of the foregoing actions could result in decreased sales as a result of negative publicity and product liability claims, and could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. In addition to the sanctions for noncompliance described above, commencement of an enforcement proceeding, inspection, or investigation could
divert substantial management attention from the operation of our business and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.  

 


 


Our industry is experiencing greater scrutiny and regulation by governmental authorities, which may
lead to greater governmental regulation in the future.   

         In recent years, the medical device industry has been subject to increased regulatory scrutiny, including by the FDA, numerous other
federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities, as well as members of Congress. This has included increased regulation, enforcement, inspections, and governmental investigations of the medical
device industry and disclosure of financial relationships with health care professionals. We anticipate that the government will continue to scrutinize our industry closely, and that additional
regulation by governmental authorities, both foreign and domestic, may increase compliance costs, exposure to litigation, and other adverse effects to our operations.  


 


 


Unsuccessful clinical trials or procedures relating to products under development could have a
material adverse effect on our prospects.   

         The regulatory approval process for new products and new indications for existing products requires extensive clinical trials and
procedures, including early clinical experiences and
regulatory studies. Unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data from current or future clinical trials or procedures conducted by us, our competitors, or third parties, or perceptions regarding this
clinical data, could adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary approvals and the market's view of our future prospects. Such clinical trials and procedures are inherently uncertain and there
can be no assurance that these trials or procedures will be completed in a timely or cost-effective manner or result in a commercially viable product. Failure to successfully complete  

 18 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 these
trials or procedures in a timely and cost-effective manner could have a material adverse effect on our prospects. Clinical trials or procedures may experience significant setbacks even after
earlier trials have shown promising results. Further, preliminary results from clinical trials or procedures may be contradicted by subsequent clinical analysis. In addition, results from our clinical
trials or procedures may not be supported by actual long-term studies or clinical experience. If preliminary clinical results are later contradicted, or if initial results cannot be supported by
actual long-term studies or clinical experience, our business could be adversely affected. Clinical trials or procedures may be suspended or terminated by us, the FDA or other regulatory authorities
at any time if it is believed that the trial participants face unacceptable health risks.  

 


 


We are subject to risks arising from concerns and/or regulatory actions relating to "mad cow
disease."   

         Certain of our products, including pericardial tissue valves, are manufactured using bovine tissue. Concerns relating to the potential
transmission of BSE, commonly known as "mad cow disease," from cows to humans may result in reduced acceptance of products containing bovine materials. Certain medical device regulatory agencies have
considered whether to continue to permit the sale of medical devices that incorporate bovine material. We obtain bovine tissue only from closely controlled sources within the United States and
Australia. The bovine tissue used in our pericardial tissue valves is from tissue types considered by global health and regulatory organizations to have shown no risk of infectibility for the
suspected BSE infectious agent. We have not experienced any significant adverse impact on our sales as a result of concerns regarding BSE, but no assurance can be given that such an impact may not
occur in the future.  

 


 


If third-party payors decline to reimburse our customers for our products or impose other cost
containment measures to reduce reimbursement levels, our ability to profitably sell our products will be harmed.   

         We sell our products and technologies to hospitals, doctors, and other health care providers, all of which receive reimbursement for
the health care services provided to patients from
third-party payors, such as government programs (both domestic and international), private insurance plans, and managed care programs. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for
their products from private and governmental third-party payors is critical to the success of medical technology companies. The availability of reimbursement affects which products customers purchase
and the prices they are willing to pay. Reimbursement varies from country to country and can significantly impact acceptance of new products.  

         Third-party
payors are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products and services. There can be no
assurance that levels of reimbursement, if any, will not be decreased in the future, or that future legislation, regulation, or reimbursement policies of third-party payors will not otherwise
adversely affect the demand for and price levels of our products. The introduction of cost containment incentives, combined with closer scrutiny of health care expenditures by both private health
insurers and employers, has resulted in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to hospital charges for services performed. Hospitals or physicians may respond to such cost-containment
pressures by substituting lower cost products or other therapies. In addition, the 2010 United States health care law could adversely affect reimbursement levels for our products, or otherwise
adversely affect our product pricing and profitability.  

         Initiatives
to limit the growth of health care costs, including price regulation, are underway in several countries around the world. In many countries, customers are reimbursed for our
products under a government operated insurance system. Under such a system, the government periodically reviews reimbursement levels and may limit patient access. If a government were to decide to
reduce reimbursement levels, our product pricing could be adversely affected.  

         Third-party
payors may deny reimbursement if they determine that a device used in a procedure was not used in accordance with cost-effective treatment methods as determined by such
third-party payors, or was used for an unapproved indication. Third-party payors may also deny reimbursement for experimental procedures and devices. We believe that many of our existing products are
cost-effective, even though the  

 19 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 one-time
cost may be significant, because they are intended to reduce overall health care costs over a long period of time. We cannot be certain that these third-party payors will recognize these cost
savings instead of merely focusing on the lower initial costs associated with competing therapies. If our products are not considered cost-effective by third-party payors, our customers may not be
reimbursed for them, resulting in lower sales of our products.  

 


 


Use of our products in unapproved circumstances could expose us to liabilities.   

         The marketing approval from the FDA and other regulators of certain of our products are, or are expected to be, limited to specific
indications. We are prohibited by law from marketing or promoting any unapproved use of our products. Physicians, however, can use these products in ways or circumstances other than those strictly
within the scope of the regulatory approval. Although the product training we provide to physicians and other health care professionals is limited to approved uses or for clinical trials, no assurance
can be given that claims might not be asserted against us if our products are used in ways or for procedures that are not approved.  

 


 


Our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety regulations that could result in
substantial costs.   

         Our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws, and regulations concerning, among other things, the generation,
handling, transportation and disposal of hazardous substances or wastes, the cleanup of hazardous substance releases, and emissions or discharges into the air or water. We have incurred and may incur
expenditures in the future in connection with environmental, health and safety laws, and regulations. New laws and regulations, violations of these laws or regulations, stricter enforcement of
existing requirements, or the discovery of previously unknown contamination could require us to incur costs or could become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could be material.  

 


 


The success of many of our products depends upon strong relationships with certain key physicians.   

         The development, marketing, and sale of many of our products requires us to maintain working relationships with physicians upon whom we
rely to provide considerable knowledge and experience. These physicians may assist us as researchers, marketing consultants, product trainers and consultants, inventors, and as public speakers. If new
laws, regulations, or other developments limit our ability to maintain strong relationships with these professionals or to continue to receive their advice and input, the development and marketing of
our products could suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.   

   
       Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments          

         None.  

 20 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


   
       Item 2.    Properties          

         The locations and uses of our major properties are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 North America 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Irvine, California 
   
 (1) 
   
 Corporate Headquarters, Research and Development, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs, Manufacturing 
 
 
 Irvine, California 
   
 (2) 
   
 Administration 
 
 
 Draper, Utah 
   
 (1) 
   
 Administration, Research and Development, Manufacturing 
 
 
 Haina, Dominican Republic 
   
 (2) 
   
 Manufacturing 
 
 
 Añasco, Puerto Rico 
   
 (2) 
   
 Manufacturing 
 
 
 Europe 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Horw, Switzerland 
   
 (2) 
   
 Manufacturing, Administration 
 
 
 Nyon, Switzerland 
   
 (1) 
   
 Administration, Marketing 
 
 
 Asia 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Tokyo, Japan 
   
 (2) 
   
 Administration, Marketing, Distribution 
 
 
 Singapore 
   
 (1),(2) 
   
 Manufacturing, Marketing, Distribution, Administration 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Owned
property.
 (2) Leased
property.   
  
          The
Irvine, California property has one lease that expires in 2016 and one that expires in 2021; the Dominican Republic property leases expire in 2019; the Puerto Rico property has one
lease that expires in 2016 and one that expires in 2018; the Horw, Switzerland lease expires in 2016; the Tokyo, Japan lease expires in 2015; and Singapore has one land lease that expires in 2036 and
one that expires in 2041. We believe our properties have been well maintained, are in good operating condition, and are adequate for current needs.   

   
       Item 3.    Legal Proceedings          


         For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note 17 to the " Consolidated
Financial Statements " of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference.   

   
       Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures          


         Not applicable.  

 21 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART II          

   
       Item 5.    Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities          


 


 


Market Price   

         The principal market for our common stock is the New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE"). The table below sets forth, for the calendar
quarters indicated, the high and low closing prices of our common stock as reported by the NYSE.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 High  
   
 Low  
   
 High  
   
 Low  
   
 
 
   Calendar Quarter Ended: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   March 31 
   
 
 
$ 
 75.62 
   
 
 
$ 
 63.04 
   
 

 
$ 
 94.98 
   
 
 
$ 
 78.10 
   
 
 
   June 30 
   
   
 88.19 
   
   
 72.79 
   
   
 86.11 
   
   
 62.34 
   
 
 
   September 30 
   
   
 104.69 
   
   
 84.05 
   
   
 73.73 
   
   
 65.03 
   
 
 
   December 31 
   
   
 134.29 
   
   
 97.07 
   
   
 78.89 
   
   
 60.62 
   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Number of Stockholders   

         On February 10, 2015, there were 15,961 stockholders of record of our common stock.  

 


 


Dividends   

         We have never paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends. Our current policy is
to retain any future earnings for use in our business.  

 


 


Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

         On May 14, 2013, the Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing us to purchase on the open market,
including pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, and in privately negotiated transactions up to $750.0 million of our common stock from time to time until December 31, 2016. On
July 10, 2014, the Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program providing for an additional $750.0 million of repurchases of our common stock. We did not purchase any of
our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2014 and, as of December 31, 2014, we had remaining authority to purchase $952.5 million of common stock.  

 22 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 


 


Performance Graph   

         The following graph compares the performance of our common stock with that of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 500
Healthcare Equipment Index. The cumulative total return listed below assumes an initial investment of $100 on December 31, 2009 and reinvestment of dividends.  

   
   
   COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN          

 
 
   
  
 

 


 


   

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Total Cumulative Return

 

  
   
 2010  
   
 2011  
   
 2012  
   
 2013  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   Edwards Lifesciences 
   
 
 
$ 
 186.16 
   
 
 
$ 
 162.81 
   
 
 
$ 
 207.65 
   
 
 
$ 
 151.43 
   
 
 
$ 
 293.33 
   
 
 
   S&P 500 
   
   
  115.06 
   
   
  117.49 
   
   
  136.30 
   
   
  180.44 
   
   
  205.14 
   
 
 
   S&P 500 Healthcare Equipment Index 
   
   
  96.84 
   
   
  102.07 
   
   
  120.66 
   
   
  153.85 
   
   
  194.33 
   
 
 
 
  
  23 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
       Item 6.    Selected Financial Data          


         The financial data for the prior years presented in the table below have been restated to reflect our change in accounting principle.
For further information, see Note 3 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements ."  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 As of or for the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 2010  
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
 (in millions, except per share data) 
   
 
 
   


 


   OPERATING RESULTS 
   
    Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,322.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,045.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,899.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,678.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,447.0 
   
 
 
   


 


 
 
   
    Gross profit 
   
   
 1,697.3 
   
   
 1,528.9 
   
   
 1,408.6 
   
   
 1,189.2 
   
   
 1,039.5 
   
 
 
   


 


 
 
   
    Net income(a) 
   
   
 811.1 
   
   
 389.1 
   
   
 291.5 
   
   
 236.6 
   
   
 216.2 
   
 
 
   BALANCE SHEET DATA 
   
    Total assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,524.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,709.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,209.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,970.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,756.8 
   
 
 
   
   
    Long-term debt(b) 
   
   
 598.1 
   
   
 593.1 
   
   
 189.3 
   
   
 150.4 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   


 


   COMMON STOCK INFORMATION 
   
    Net income per common share(a): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   


 


 
 
   
       Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.62 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.48 
   
 

 
$ 
 2.54 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.06 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.90 
   
 
 
   


 


 
 
   
       Diluted 
   
   
 7.48 
   
   
 3.42 
   
   
 2.46 
   
   
 1.98 
   
   
 1.81 
   
 
 
   


 


 
 
   
    Cash dividends declared per common share 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) The
above results include special charges of $70.7 million, $16.3 million, and $16.0 million during 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.
In addition, the above results include $750.0 million ($487.9 million, net of tax) in 2014 for an upfront payment received under a litigation settlement agreement, and
$83.6 million ($52.3 million, net of tax) received in 2013 for a litigation award. See  "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations " and Note 4 and Note 5 to the  "Consolidated Financial Statements"  for additional information.
 (b) In
October 2013, we issued $600.0 million of 2.875% fixed-rate unsecured senior notes due October 15, 2018 ("the Notes"). At
December 31, 2010, all amounts outstanding under the credit agreement in effect at that time were classified as short-term obligations as these obligations were due within one year.  
  
    
       Item 7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations          

         The following discussion and analysis presents the factors that had a material effect on our results of operations during the three
years ended December 31, 2014. Also discussed is our financial position as of December 31, 2014. You should read this discussion in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial
statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K.  

 


 


Overview   

         We are the global leader in the science of heart valves and hemodynamic monitoring. Driven by a passion to help patients, we partner
with clinicians to develop innovative technologies in the areas of structural heart disease and critical care monitoring, enabling them to save and enhance lives. We conduct operations worldwide and
are managed in the following geographical regions: United States, Europe, Japan, and Rest of World. Our products are categorized into the following main areas: Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy,
Surgical Heart Valve Therapy, and Critical Care.  

         Effective
January 1, 2014, we changed our method of accounting for certain intellectual property litigation expenses related to the defense and enforcement of our issued patents.
Under the new method of accounting, these legal costs are expensed in the period incurred; previously, these costs were capitalized and  

 24 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 then
amortized over the life of the related patent. The financial results below reflect the change in accounting principle. For further information, see Note 3 to the
" Consolidated Financial Statements ."  


 


 


 Financial Results   

         The
following is a summary of our financial performance (dollars in millions, except per share data):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 Change  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,322.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,045.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,899.6 
   
   
 13.6 
 % 
   
 7.7 
 % 
 
 
   Gross profit as a percentage of net sales 
   
   
 73.1 
 % 
   
 74.7 
 % 
   
 74.2 
 % 
   
 (1.6 
 ) pts. 
   
 0.5 
 pts. 
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 811.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 389.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 291.5 
   
   
 108.5 
 % 
   
 33.5 
 % 
 
 
   Earnings per share 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.62 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.48 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.54 
   
   
 119.0 
 % 
   
 37.0 
 % 
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.48 
   
 

 
$ 
 3.42 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.46 
   
   
 118.7 
 % 
   
 39.0 
 % 
 
 
 
  
          Our
sales growth was driven by our Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy products which, in Europe, benefited from the launch of the  Edwards SAPIEN
3  transcatheter heart valve, and in the United States, benefited from the launch of the  Edwards SAPIEN XT  transcatheter heart
valve. Our gross profit margin was negatively impacted in 2014 by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, increased incentive compensation due to our strong performance, and higher manufacturing
costs, primarily for our operations in Utah. Net income in 2014 and 2013 benefited from special items. In 2014, we received $750.0 million ($487.9 million, net of tax) from
Medtronic, Inc. ("Medtronic") for an upfront payment due under a litigation settlement agreement, and in 2013, we received from Medtronic an $83.6 million ($52.3 million, net of
tax) litigation award.  

 


 


 Healthcare Environment, Opportunities and Challenges   

         The
medical device industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. Our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value
we bring to our stakeholders. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property. To strengthen our
leadership and enable future growth opportunities, in 2014 we invested 14.9% of our net sales in research and development. In a consolidating industry, we believe our focus on innovation and a robust
product pipeline will continue to help us compete more effectively, sustain our successes, and build long-term value for our shareholders. The following is a summary of important developments during
2014: 

 
 
 •  early clinical outcomes in the  Edwards SAPIEN 3  Trial demonstrated outstanding safety,
including a low mortality and stroke rate;  
 •  longer-term updates from The PARTNER Trial strengthened the evidence that patients treated with the    SAPIEN  valve demonstrated a
mortality benefit, persistent symptom benefit, and a statistically significant reduction in re-hospitalizations compared
with standard therapy;  
 •  we received regulatory approval in Europe for our  SAPIEN 3  valve;    
 •  we received regulatory approval in the United States for our  Edwards SAPIEN XT  valve,
and we continued to evaluate the  SAPIEN 3  valve as part of the PARTNER II Trial; and  
 •  we received regulatory approval in Europe for the  Edwards INTUITY Elite Valve System ,
and in the United States, this valve platform has been studied as part of the TRANSFORM Trial. Three-year clinical outcomes of the  Edwards INTUITY  valve
platform studied in the TRITON Trial demonstrated improved cardiac and valvular performance, as well as patient functional status.  
 
 25 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


         We
are dedicated to generating robust clinical and economic evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the new healthcare environment, with the goal of
enhancing the value of delivering comprehensive care.  

 



 


Results of Operations   

 

 


 


Net Sales by Major Regions    (dollars in millions)  

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 Change  
   
 Percent 
Change  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,047.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 939.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 812.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 107.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 127.5 
   
   
 11.5 
 % 
   
 15.7 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Europe 
   
   
 744.5 
   
   
 616.5 
   
   
 559.7 
   
   
 128.0 
   
   
 56.8 
   
   
 20.8 
 % 
   
 10.2 
 % 
 
 
   Japan 
   
   
 257.9 
   
   
 243.6 
   
   
 294.1 
   
   
 14.3 
   
   
 (50.5 
 ) 
   
 5.9 
 % 
   
  (17.2 
 )% 
 
 
   Rest of World 
   
   
 273.2 
   
   
 245.8 
   
   
 233.7 
   
   
 27.4 
   
   
 12.1 
   
   
 11.2 
 % 
   
 5.1 
 %  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   International 
   
   
 1,275.6 
   
   
 1,105.9 
   
   
 1,087.5 
   
   
 169.7 
   
   
 18.4 
   
   
 15.3 
 % 
   
 1.7 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Total net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,322.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,045.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,899.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 277.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 145.9 
   
   
 13.6 
 % 
   
 7.7 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
$107.7 million  increase in net sales in the United States in 2014  was due primarily to: 

 
 
 •  Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy, which increased net sales by $85.1 million, due primarily to (1) commercial sales of
the  Edwards SAPIEN XT  transcatheter heart valve resulting from the product launch in June 2014, (2) an increase in clinical sales of the    Edwards SAPIEN 3  transcatheter heart valve, (3) royalties received under a license agreement with Medtronic (see Note 4 to the
" Consolidated Financial Statements "), and (4) the reversal of the sales reserve for estimated Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy product returns
upon delivery of next-generation valves. The introduction of the next-generation valves was completed in 2014. These increases were partially offset by decreased sales of the    Edwards SAPIEN 
transcatheter heart valve as customers converted to  Edwards SAPIEN XT,  a reduction in net
stocking orders as customers converted from direct sales to consignment, and decreased clinical sales of  Edwards SAPIEN XT ;    
 •  Critical Care, which increased net sales by $12.9 million, due primarily to enhanced surgical recovery products; and    
 •  Surgical Heart Valve Therapy, which increased net sales by $9.9 million, driven primarily by sales of pericardial aortic tissue
valves.  
 

         The
$169.7 million  increase in international net sales in 2014  was due primarily to: 

 
 
 •  Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy, which increased net sales by $152.4 million, driven primarily by the launch of the    Edwards SAPIEN 3 
transcatheter heart valve in Europe and the ongoing launch of the  Edwards SAPIEN XT 
transcatheter heart valve in Japan, partially offset by lower sales of the  Edwards SAPIEN XT  transcatheter heart valve in Europe as customers converted
to  Edwards SAPIEN 3 ;  
 •  Surgical Heart Valve Therapy, which increased net sales by $25.9 million, driven primarily by sales of pericardial aortic
tissue valves and  EDWARDS INTUITY Elite  valves; and  
 •  Critical Care, which increased net sales by $16.1 million, driven primarily by core hemodynamic products and enhanced surgical
recovery products;  
 
 26 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         partially
offset by: 

 
 
 •  foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $23.0 million, due to the weakening of various
currencies against the United States dollar, mainly the Japanese yen, partially offset by the strengthening of the Euro against the United States dollar.  
 

         The
$127.5 million  increase in net sales in the United States in 2013  was due primarily to: 

 
 
 •  Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy, which increased net sales by $106.1 million, driven primarily by sales of the    Edwards SAPIEN  transcatheter
heart valve. Procedure volume increased following the FDA action in October 2012 to expand the indicated patient population
and access routes compared to the original 2011 approval.  
 

         The
$18.4 million  increase in international net sales in 2013  was due primarily to: 

 
 
 •  Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy, which increased net sales by $52.4 million, driven primarily by sales of the    Edwards SAPIEN XT  transcatheter
heart valve; and  
 •  surgical heart valve products, which increased net sales by $15.4 million, driven primarily by sales of pericardial mitral
tissue valves and  EDWARDS INTUITY Elite  valves;  
 

         partially
offset by: 

 
 
 •  foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $43.9 million, due primarily to the weakening of the
Japanese yen against the United States dollar, partially offset by the strengthening of the Euro against the United States dollar.  
 

         The
impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on net sales is not necessarily indicative of the impact on net income due to the corresponding effect of foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations on international manufacturing and operating costs, and our hedging activities. For more information see  "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk." 

 

 


 


Net Sales by Product Group    (dollars in millions)  

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 Change  
   
 Percent Change  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy 
   
 
 
$ 
 943.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 707.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 552.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 235.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 155.6 
   
   
 33.3 
 % 
   
 28.2 
 % 
 
 
   Surgical Heart Valve Therapy 
   
   
 826.1 
   
   
 801.2 
   
   
 787.5 
   
   
 24.9 
   
   
 13.7 
   
   
 3.1 
 % 
   
 1.7 
 % 
 
 
   Critical Care 
   
   
 553.2 
   
   
 536.6 
   
   
 560.0 
   
   
 16.6 
   
   
 (23.4 
 ) 
   
 3.1 
 % 
   
  (4.2 
 )%  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Total net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,322.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,045.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,899.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 277.4 
   
 

 
$ 
 145.9 
   
   
 13.6 
 % 
   
 7.7 
 %  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  

 


 


Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy   

 

         The $235.9 million increase in net sales of Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy products in 2014 was due primarily
to: 

 
 
 •  the  Edwards SAPIEN 3  transcatheter heart valve, driven primarily by the launch in
Europe and clinical sales in the United States; and  
 •  the  Edwards SAPIEN XT  transcatheter heart valve, driven primarily by the launches in
the United States and Japan;  
 
 27 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         partially
offset by: 

 
 
 •  lower sales of the  Edwards SAPIEN  transcatheter heart valve, primarily in the United
States, and the  Edwards SAPIEN XT  transcatheter heart valve in Europe, as customers converted to next-generation products.  
 

         The
$155.6 million increase in net sales of Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy products in 2013 was due primarily to: 

 
 
 •  the  Edwards SAPIEN  transcatheter heart valve in the United States, which increased net
sales by $97.2 million;  
 •  the  Edwards SAPIEN XT  transcatheter heart valve, which increased net sales by
$61.8 million, due primarily to an increase in international sales; and  
 •  foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which increased net sales by $5.2 million, due primarily to the strengthening of
the Euro against the United States dollar;  
 

         partially
offset by: 

 
 
 •  a $14.1 million sales reserve for estimated Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy product returns expected in 2014 upon
introduction of the  Edwards SAPIEN 3  transcatheter valve system in Europe and the  Edwards SAPIEN XT 
transcatheter heart valve in the United States.  
 

         During
the first quarter of 2014, we completed enrollment in the 500 patient cohort of The PARTNER II Trial studying the  Edwards SAPIEN 3 
transcatheter valve system in high risk and inoperable patients. In January 2014, we received FDA approval to expand The PARTNER II Trial to include a 1,000 patient single-arm, non-randomized cohort
to study the  Edwards SAPIEN 3  transcatheter valve system in the treatment of intermediate-risk patients with severe symptomatic aortic stenosis.
Enrollment was completed in September 2014. At the end of 2014, we submitted our pre-market approval application for  SAPIEN 3  in the United States.  

         In
January 2014, we received CE Mark for the  Edwards SAPIEN 3  transcatheter valve system in Europe. In June 2014, we received FDA approval
for the  Edwards SAPIEN XT  transcatheter heart valve in the United States for the treatment of high-risk and inoperable patients with severe symptomatic
aortic stenosis.  

 

 


 


Surgical Heart Valve Therapy   

 

         The $24.9 million increase in net sales of Surgical Heart Valve Therapy products in 2014 was due primarily
to: 

 
 
 •  surgical heart valve products, which increased net sales by $36.4 million, driven by sales in the United States and Europe of
pericardial aortic tissue valves and  EDWARDS INTUITY Elite  valves;  
 

         partially
offset by: 

 
 
 •  foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $10.5 million, due to the weakening of various
currencies against the United States dollar, mainly the Japanese yen, partially offset by the strengthening of the Euro against the United States dollar.  
 

         The
$13.7 million increase in net sales of Surgical Heart Valve Therapy products in 2013 was due primarily to: 

 
 
 •  surgical heart valve products, which increased net sales by $30.1 million, driven by sales of pericardial aortic and mitral
tissue valves, and  EDWARDS INTUITY Elite  valves;  
 
 28 

 
 

 
   

 Table of Contents 

         partially
offset by: 

 
 
 •  foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $20.2 million, due primarily to the weakening of the
Japanese yen against the United States dollar.  
 

         In
April 2014, we received CE Mark for our advanced  EDWARDS INTUITY Elite  valve system. This next-generation, rapid deployment system
facilitates smaller incisions in surgical aortic valve replacement procedures. In the United States, we completed enrollment of patients in our TRANSFORM Trial for  EDWARDS
INTUITY Elite,  and we continued enrolling patients in our COMMENCE clinical trial, which is studying our next-generation  GLX 
advanced tissue platform applied to the  Magna Ease  aortic surgical valve and the  Magna Mitral Ease 
valve.  

 

 


 


Critical Care   

 

         The $16.6 million increase in net sales of Critical Care products in 2014 was due primarily to enhanced surgical recovery
products, and core hemodynamic products outside the United
States, partially offset by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $12.0 million, due primarily to the weakening of the Japanese yen against the United States
dollar.  

         The
$23.4 million decrease in net sales of Critical Care products in 2013 was due primarily to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by
$28.9 million, due primarily to the weakening of the Japanese yen against the United States dollar.  


         In
June 2014, we received FDA clearance for the  ClearSight  system, a noninvasive monitor that provides clinicians access to blood volume
and blood flow information for patients at moderate or high risk of post-surgical complications, in whom invasive monitoring would not be used. The    ClearSight  system is part of our enhanced surgical
recovery product portfolio. In September 2014, due to a strategic shift of our investment
initiatives, we decided to discontinue our automated glucose monitoring program.  

 

 


 


Gross Profit   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 Change  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Gross profit as a percentage of net sales 
   
   
 73.1 
 % 
   
 74.7 
 % 
   
 74.2 
 % 
   
 (1.6 
 ) pts. 
   
 0.5 
 pts. 
 
 
 
  
          The
1.6 percentage point decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2014 was driven by: 

 
 
 •  a 0.7 percentage point decrease due to the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, including the settlement of
foreign currency hedging contracts;  
 •  a 0.7 percentage point decrease due to higher performance-based incentive compensation; and    
 •  higher manufacturing costs, primarily for our operations in Utah;  
 

         partially
offset by: 

 
 
 •  a 0.8 percentage point increase due to an improved product mix in the United States, driven by Transcatheter Heart Valve
Therapy products.  
 

         The
0.5 percentage point increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2013 was driven by: 

 
 
 •  a 1.0 percentage point increase due to an improved product mix in the United States, driven by Transcatheter Heart Valve
Therapy products; and  
 •  a 0.5 percentage point increase in international markets due to a more profitable product mix, primarily higher sales of
Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy products;  
 
 29 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

         partially offset by: 

 
 
 •  a 1.3 percentage point decrease due primarily to higher manufacturing costs due to capacity expansion in preparation for
multiple Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy product introductions.  
 
 

 


 


Selling, General, and Administrative ("SG&A") Expenses    (dollars in millions)  

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 Change  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   SG&A expenses 
   
 
 
$ 
 858.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 733.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 697.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 124.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 36.0 
   
 
 
   SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales 
   
   
 36.9 
 % 
   
 35.9 
 % 
   
 36.7 
 % 
   
 1.0 
 pts. 
   
 (0.8 
 ) pts. 
 
 
 
  
          The
$124.6 million increase in SG&A expenses in 2014 was due primarily to (1) higher sales and marketing expenses in the United States, Europe, and Japan, mainly to support
the Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy program, and (2) higher performance-based incentive compensation.  

         The
$36.0 million increase in SG&A expenses in 2013 was due primarily to (1) higher sales and marketing expenses in the United States and Japan, mainly to support the
Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy program and (2) the 2.3% United States medical device excise tax, or $15.8 million, which became effective in 2013. These increases were partially
offset by the impact of foreign currency, which reduced expenses by $12.4 million due primarily to the weakening of the Japanese yen against the United States dollar. The
decrease in SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales in 2013 was due primarily to decreased SG&A expenses in Europe as a percentage of net sales.  

 

 


 


Research and Development Expenses    (dollars in millions)  

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 Change  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Research and development expenses 
   
 
 
$ 
 346.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 323.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 291.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 23.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 31.7 
   
 
 
   Research and development expenses as a percentage of net sales 
   
   
 14.9 
 % 
   
 15.8 
 % 
   
 15.3 
 % 
   
 (0.9 
 ) pts. 
   
 0.5 
 pts. 
 
 
 
  
          The
increase in research and development expenses in 2014 was due primarily to new aortic and mitral Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy product development efforts, additional investments
in clinical studies in the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy program, and higher performance-based incentive compensation. The decrease in research and development expenses as a percentage of net sales was
due primarily to higher net sales.  

         The
increase in research and development expenses in 2013 was due primarily to additional investments in clinical studies and new product development efforts in the Transcatheter Heart
Valve Therapy program.  

 

 


 


Intellectual Property Litigation (Income) Expense, Net   

 

         In May 2014, we entered into an agreement with Medtronic to settle all outstanding patent litigation between the companies, including
all cases related to transcatheter heart valves. Pursuant to the agreement, we received an upfront payment from Medtronic in the amount of $750.0 million. For further information, see
Note 4 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements ."  

         In
February 2013, we received $83.6 million from Medtronic in satisfaction of the initial April 2010 jury award of damages for infringement of the United States Andersen
transcatheter heart valve patent, including accrued interest.  

 30 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         We
incurred external legal costs related to intellectual property litigation of $9.6 million, $22.1 million, and $14.4 million during 2014, 2013, and 2012,
respectively.  

 


 


 


Special Charges   

 

         Special charges were $70.7 million, $16.3 million, and $16.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2014,
2013, and 2012, respectively. For additional details, see Note 5 to the  "Consolidated Financial Statements." 

 

 


 


Interest Expense   

 

         Interest expense was $17.2 million, $9.8 million, and $4.4 million in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. The
increase in interest expense for 2014 and 2013 resulted primarily from higher
average interest rates and a higher average debt balance as compared to the prior year due to the issuance in October 2013 of $600.0 million of 2.875% fixed-rate unsecured senior notes.  

 

 


 


Interest Income   

 

         Interest income was $6.4 million, $4.6 million, and $4.8 million in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. The
increase in interest income for 2014 resulted primarily from higher average investment balances. The decrease in interest income for 2013 resulted primarily from lower average interest rates,
partially offset by higher average investment balances.  

 

 


 


Other Expense, net    (in millions)  

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Promissory note impairment 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Loss on investments 
   
   
 4.5 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 0.7 
   
 
 
   Insurance settlement gain 
   
   
 (3.7 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange losses, net 
   
   
 2.0 
   
   
 1.5 
   
   
 1.2 
   
 
 
   Lease contract termination costs 
   
   
 1.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
   
 (0.2 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total other expense, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          In
December 2014, we recorded a $4.0 million impairment charge related to our promissory note receivable because it was likely that we will be unable to collect the scheduled
payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the promissory note agreement.  

         The
loss on investments primarily represents our net share of gains and losses in investments accounted for under the equity method, and realized gains and losses on our
available-for-sale and cost method investments. During 2014, we recorded an other-than-temporary impairment charge of $3.5 million related to one of our cost method investments.  

         In
March 2014, we recorded a $3.7 million insurance settlement gain related to inventory that was damaged in the fourth quarter of 2013.  

         The
foreign exchange losses relate to the foreign currency fluctuations in our global trade and intercompany receivable and payable balances, offset by the gains and losses on derivative
instruments intended as an economic hedge of those exposures.  

 31 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         In
September 2014, we committed to purchase our Draper, Utah facility for $17.0 million under a purchase option provided in the lease agreement. Under the terms of the lease
agreement, we paid $1.0 million in December 2014 for certain lease contract termination costs.  

 

 


 


Provision for Income Taxes   

 

         Our effective income tax rates for 2014, 2013, and 2012 were impacted as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Income tax expense at U.S. federal statutory rate 
   
 
 
$ 
 400.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 178.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 135.9 
   
 
 
   Foreign income taxed at different rates 
   
   
 (67.1 
 ) 
   
 (60.6 
 ) 
   
 (41.5 
 ) 
 
 
   State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
   
   
 19.3 
   
   
 5.8 
   
   
 3.7 
   
 
 
   Tax credits, federal and state 
   
   
 (13.5 
 ) 
   
 (19.8 
 ) 
   
 (4.9 
 ) 
 
 
   Release of reserve for uncertain tax positions for prior years 
   
   
 (4.8 
 ) 
   
 (3.9 
 ) 
   
 (0.8 
 ) 
 
 
   U.S. tax on foreign earnings, net of credits 
   
   
 (3.1 
 ) 
   
 18.9 
   
   
 0.7 
   
 
 
   Nondeductible stock-based compensation 
   
   
 2.1 
   
   
 2.6 
   
   
 1.9 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 0.2 
   
   
 1.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income tax provision 
   
 
 
$ 
 332.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 122.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 96.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  

 


 


 Reserve for Uncertain Tax Positions    

 

         As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, the liability for income taxes associated with uncertain tax positions was
$192.3 million and $127.7 million, respectively. We estimate that these liabilities would be reduced by $34.3 million and $30.9 million, respectively, from offsetting tax
benefits associated with the correlative effects of potential transfer pricing adjustments, state income taxes, and timing adjustments. The net amounts of $158.0 million and
$96.8 million, respectively, if not required, would favorably affect our effective tax rate.  

         A
reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest, penalties, and foreign exchange, is as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Unrecognized tax benefits, January 1 
   
 
 
$ 
 127.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 113.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 78.0 
   
 
 
   Current year tax positions 
   
   
 75.9 
   
   
 17.8 
   
   
 41.7 
   
 
 
   Increase prior year tax positions 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 5.7 
   
   
 2.6 
   
 
 
   Decrease prior year tax positions 
   
   
 (10.5 
 ) 
   
 (9.0 
 ) 
   
 (4.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (1.0 
 ) 
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 (4.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Lapse of statutes of limitations 
   
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 (0.1 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Unrecognized tax benefits, December 31 
   
 
 
$ 
 192.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 127.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 113.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          We
recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to uncertain tax positions in the provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2014, we had accrued $6.8 million (net
of $5.0 million tax benefit) of interest related to uncertain tax positions, and as of December 31, 2013, we had accrued $4.5 million (net of $3.3 million tax benefit) of
interest related to uncertain tax positions. During 2014, 2013, and 2012, we recognized interest expense, net of tax benefit, of $2.3 million, $1.4 million, and $1.0 million,
respectively, in " Provision for Income Taxes " on the consolidated statements of operations.  

         We
strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. While we have accrued for matters we
believe are more likely than not to require settlement, the final outcome with a tax authority may result in a tax liability that is more or less than that reflected in the consolidated financial
statements. Furthermore, we may later decide to  

 32 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 challenge
any assessments, if made, and may exercise our right to appeal. The uncertain tax positions are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as events occur that affect potential liabilities for
additional taxes, such as lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, proposed assessments by tax authorities, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of
new legislation, regulations, or case law. Management believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may
result from these uncertain tax positions.  

         At
December 31, 2014, all material state, local, and foreign income tax matters have been concluded for years through 2008. During the third quarter of 2013, the Internal Revenue
Service ("IRS") completed its fieldwork for the 2009 and 2010 tax years. The case is currently in suspense pending finalization of an Advance Pricing Agreement ("APA") and Joint Committee of Taxation
approval. The IRS began its examination of the 2011 and 2012 tax years during the fourth quarter of 2013.  


         We
have also entered into an APA process between the Switzerland and the United States governments for the years 2009 through 2015 covering transfer pricing matters. These transfer
pricing matters are significant to our consolidated financial statements, and the final outcome of the negotiations between the two governments is uncertain.  

         During
2014, we also filed with the IRS a request for a pre-filing agreement associated with a tax return filing position on a portion of the litigation settlement payment received from
Medtronic in May 2014 (see Note 4 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements ").  


         Management
believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result for our uncertain tax
positions. Based upon the information currently available and numerous possible outcomes, we cannot reasonably estimate what, if any, changes in our existing uncertain tax positions may occur in the
next 12 months and thus have recorded the gross uncertain tax positions as a long-term liability. However, if the APA and/or pre-filing agreement is finalized in the next 12 months, it
is reasonably possible that these events could result in a significant change in our uncertain tax positions within the next 12 months.  


         The
effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2014 included (1) $262.1 million of tax expense associated with a $750.0 million litigation
settlement payment received from Medtronic in May 2014 (see Note 4 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements ") and (2) $4.8 million
of tax benefits from the remeasurement of uncertain tax positions.  

         The
federal research credit expired on December 31, 2011 and was reinstated on January 2, 2013. As a result, the effective income tax rate for the year ended
December 31, 2012 was calculated without a benefit for the
federal research credit. The effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2013 included (1) an $8.4 million benefit for the full year 2012 federal research credit and
(2) $31.3 million of tax expense associated with the $83.6 million litigation award received from Medtronic in February 2013 (see Note 4 to the
" Consolidated Financial Statements ").  

         We
have received tax incentives in Puerto Rico, the Dominican Republic, Singapore, and Switzerland. The tax reductions as compared to the local statutory rates favorably impacted
earnings per diluted share for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 by $0.63, $0.44, and $0.39, respectively. The Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, Singapore, and Switzerland grants
provide our manufacturing operations partial or full exemption from local taxes until the years 2028, 2030 (subject to review beginning in 2015), 2024, and 2015, respectively.  

 


 


Liquidity and Capital Resources   

         Our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under credit facilities, and
cash from operations. We believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments for the next twelve
months. However, we periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to  

 33 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 time,
seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions. We believe that we have the financial flexibility to attract long-term capital to fund short-term and
long-term growth objectives. However, no assurances can be given that such long-term capital will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all.  


         We
believe that cash held in the United States, in addition to amounts available under credit facilities and cash from operations, are sufficient to fund our United States operating
requirements for the next twelve months. Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside the United States have historically been used to fund international operations and acquire
businesses outside of the United States, although a portion of those amounts may, from time to time, be subject to temporary intercompany loans into the United States. As of December 31, 2014,
cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held in the United States and outside the United States were $651.7 million and $787.1 million, respectively. The majority of cash
and cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside the United States relates to undistributed earnings of certain of our foreign subsidiaries, which are considered by us to be indefinitely
reinvested. Repatriations of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside the United
States are subject to restrictions in certain jurisdictions, and may be subject to withholding and other taxes. The potential tax liability related to any repatriation would be dependent on the facts
and circumstances that exist at the time such repatriation is made and the complexities of the tax laws of the United States and the respective foreign jurisdictions.  

         We
have a Five-Year Credit Agreement ("the Credit Agreement") which provides up to an aggregate of $750.0 million in borrowings in multiple currencies. As of December 31,
2014, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement. In October 2013, we issued $600.0 million of 2.875% fixed-rate unsecured senior notes due October 15, 2018. For
further information on our long-term debt, see Note 9 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements ."  

         From
time to time, we repurchase shares of our common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by the Board of Directors. We consider several factors in determining when to
execute share repurchases, including, among other things, expected dilution from stock plans, cash capacity, and the market price of our common stock. During 2014, we repurchased a total of
4.4 million shares at an aggregate cost of $300.0 million, and as of December 31, 2014, had remaining authority to purchase $952.5 million of our common stock. For further
information, see Note 13 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements ."  

         Net
cash flows provided by  operating activities  of $1,022.3 million for 2014 increased $549.6 million from 2013 due
primarily to (1) the $750.0 million upfront payment received from Medtronic under a litigation settlement agreement, (2) a lower bonus payout in 2014 associated with 2013 bonuses,
and (3) improved operating performance. These increases were partially offset by (1) income tax payments of $224.5 million related to the Medtronic settlement, (2) the
prior year receipt of $83.6 million from Medtronic in satisfaction of the initial April 2010 jury award of damages for infringement of the United States Andersen transcatheter heart valve
patent, and (3) the $50.0 million charitable contribution to the Edwards Lifesciences Foundation in 2014.  

         Net
cash flows provided by operating activities of $472.7 million for 2013 increased $110.6 million from 2012 due primarily to (1) the receipt of
$83.6 million from Medtronic, Inc. in satisfaction of the April 2010 jury award of damages for infringement of the U.S. Andersen transcatheter heart valve patent, (2) increased
collection of accounts receivable, and (3) improved operating performance. These increases were partially offset by (1) a $22.7 million increase in inventory purchases to support
future product launches and (2) a $17.0 million impact from excess tax benefits from stock plans, primarily as a result of the realization of excess tax benefits that had been previously
unrealized due to credit carryforwards and net operating losses in the United States in 2011 and 2012.  

         Net
cash used in  investing activities  of $633.0 million in 2014 consisted primarily of net purchases of investments of
$527.4 million and capital expenditures of $82.9 million.  

 34 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         Net
cash used in investing activities of $412.7 million in 2013 consisted primarily of net purchases of investments of $300.9 million and capital expenditures of
$109.0 million.  

         Net
cash used in  financing activities  of $153.0 million in 2014 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of
$300.9 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock plans of $113.3 million, and the excess tax benefit from stock plans of $49.4 million (including the realization of
previously unrealized excess tax benefits).  

         Net
cash provided by financing activities of $34.9 million in 2013 consisted primarily of net proceeds from debt of $409.6 million, the excess tax benefit from stock plans
of $73.5 million (including the realization of previously unrealized excess tax benefits), and proceeds from stock plans of $45.5 million, partially offset by repurchases of common stock
of $496.9 million.  

         A
summary of all of our contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of December 31, 2014 were as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Payments Due by Period  
   
 
 
 Contractual Obligations

 

  
   
 Total  
   
 Less Than 
1 Year  
   
 1-3 
Years  
   
 4-5 
Years  
   
 After 5 
Years  
   
 
 
   Debt 
   
 
 
$ 
 600.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 600.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Operating leases 
   
   
 80.4 
   
   
 20.6 
   
   
 27.7 
   
   
 13.6 
   
   
 18.5 
   
 
 
   Interest on debt 
   
   
 53.0 
   
   
 13.8 
   
   
 27.6 
   
   
 11.6 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Pension obligations(a) 
   
   
 5.8 
   
   
 5.8 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Capital commitment obligations(b) 
   
   
 3.1 
   
   
 0.8 
   
   
 2.3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Purchase and other commitments 
   
   
 3.7 
   
   
 2.6 
   
   
 1.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total contractual cash obligations(c) 
   
 

 
$ 
 746.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 43.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 58.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 625.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 18.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) The
amount included in "Less Than 1 Year" reflects anticipated contributions to our various pension plans. Anticipated contributions beyond one year are not
determinable. The total accrued benefit liability for our pension plans recognized as of December 31, 2014 was $49.3 million. This amount is impacted by, among other items, pension
expense funding levels, changes in plan demographics and assumptions, and investment return on plan assets. Therefore, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in
which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table. See Note 12 to the " Consolidated Financial
Statements " for further information.
 (b) Capital
commitment obligations consist primarily of cash that we are obligated to pay to our limited partnership and limited liability corporation
investees. These investees make equity investments in various development stage biopharmaceutical and medical device companies, and it is not certain if and/or when these payments will be made.
 (c) As
of December 31, 2014, the liability for uncertain tax positions including interest was $204.1 million. We have entered into an APA process
between the Switzerland and the United States governments for the years 2009 through 2015 covering transfer pricing matters. These transfer pricing matters are significant to our consolidated
financial statements, and the final outcome of the negotiations between the two governments is uncertain. Management believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been
provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result for our uncertain tax positions. We are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which the liability
might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table.   
 

 We
acquire assets still in development, enter into research and development arrangements, and sponsor certain clinical trials that often require milestone, royalty, or other future payments to
third-parties,  

 
  
  35 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 contingent
upon the occurrence of certain future events. In situations where we have no ability to influence the achievement of the milestone or otherwise avoid the payment, we have included those
payments in the table above. However, we have excluded from the table contingent milestone payments and other contingent liabilities for which we cannot reasonably predict future payments or for which
we can avoid making payment by unilaterally deciding to stop development of a product or cease progress of a clinical trial. We estimate that these contingent payments could be up to approximately
$110.0 million if all milestones or other contingent obligations were met.   

 
  
  

 


 


Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

         Our results of operations and financial position are determined based upon the application of our accounting policies, as discussed in
the notes to the " Consolidated Financial Statements ." Certain of our accounting policies represent a selection among acceptable alternatives under
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States ("GAAP"). In evaluating our transactions, management assesses all relevant GAAP and chooses the accounting policy that most accurately
reflects the nature of the transactions.  

         The
application of accounting policies requires the use of judgment and estimates. These matters that are subject to judgments and estimation are inherently uncertain, and different
amounts could be reported using different assumptions and estimates. Management uses its best estimates and judgments in determining the appropriate amount to reflect in the consolidated financial
statements, using historical experience and all available information. We also use outside experts where appropriate. We apply estimation methodologies consistently from year to year.  


         We
believe the following are the critical accounting policies which could have the most significant effect on our reported results and require subjective or complex judgments by
management.  

 


 


Revenue Recognition   

 

         When we recognize revenue from the sale of our products, we record an estimate of various sales returns and allowances which reduces
product sales and accounts receivable. These adjustments include estimates for rebates, returns, and other sales allowances. These provisions are estimated based upon historical payment experience,
historical relationship to revenues, estimated customer inventory levels, and current contract sales terms with direct and indirect customers. Product returns are not significant because returns are
generally not allowed unless the product is damaged at time of receipt. If the historical data and inventory estimates used to calculate these provisions do not approximate future activity, our
financial position, results of operations, and cash flows could be impacted.  

         In
addition, we may allow customers to return previously purchased products for next-generation product offerings. For these transactions, we defer recognition of revenue on the sale of
the earlier generation product based upon an estimate of the amount to be returned when the next-generation products are shipped to the customer. Uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals,
variability in product launch strategies,
product recalls, and variation in product utilization all affect the estimates related to sales returns and could cause actual returns to differ from these estimates.  

         Our
sales adjustment related to distributor rebates given to our United States distributors represents the difference between our sales price to the distributor (at our distributor "list
price") and the negotiated price to be paid by the end-customer. We validate the distributor rebate accrual quarterly through either a review of the inventory reports obtained from our distributors or
an estimate of the distributor's inventory. This distributor inventory information is used to verify the estimated liability for future distributor rebate claims based on historical rebates and
contract rates. We periodically monitor current pricing trends and distributor inventory levels to ensure the credit for future distributor rebates is fairly stated.  

 36 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 



 


Excess and Obsolete Inventory   

 

         The valuation of our inventory requires us to estimate excess, obsolete, and expired inventory. We base our provisions for excess,
obsolete, and expired inventory on our estimates of forecasted net sales. A significant change in the timing or level of demand for our products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in
recording additional allowances for excess, obsolete, and expired inventory in the future. In addition, our industry is characterized by rapid product development and frequent new product
introductions. Uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls, increasing levels of consigned inventory, and variation in product
utilization all affect our estimates related to excess, obsolete, and expired inventory.  

 

 


 


Intangible Assets and Long-lived Assets   

 

         We acquire intangible assets in connection with business combinations and asset purchases. The acquired intangible assets are recorded
at fair value, which is determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis. The determination of fair value requires significant estimates, including, but not limited to, the amount and timing of
projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to discount those cash flows, the assessment of the asset's life cycle, including the timing and expected costs to complete in-process projects, and
the consideration of legal, technical, regulatory, economic, and competitive risks.  

         Indefinite-lived
intangible assets, which relate to IPR&D acquired in business combinations, are reviewed for impairment annually, or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change
that would indicate the carrying amount may be impaired. Additionally, management reviews the carrying amounts of other intangible and long-lived assets whenever events or circumstances indicate that
the carrying amounts of an asset may not be recoverable. The impairment reviews require significant estimates about fair value, including estimation of future cash flows, selection of an appropriate
discount rate, and estimates of long-term growth rates.  

 

 


 


Income Taxes   

 

         The determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and
application of complex tax laws. Realization of certain deferred tax assets, primarily net operating loss and other carryforwards, is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the
appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. Failure to achieve forecasted taxable income in the applicable taxing jurisdictions could affect the ultimate realization
of deferred tax assets and could result in an increase in our effective tax rate on future earnings.  

         We
are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our income tax returns are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. These
audits include questions regarding our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income amongst various tax jurisdictions. We evaluate our tax positions
and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions, including
estimating the ultimate resolution to intercompany pricing controversies between countries when there are numerous possible outcomes. We review these tax uncertainties quarterly and adjust the
liability as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as the progress of tax audits, lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, negotiations between tax
authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law.  

         For
additional details on our income taxes, see Note 2 and Note 16 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements ."  

 37 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 


 


Stock-based Compensation   

 

         We measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based awards based on estimated fair values. Stock-based awards consist of
stock options, restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock units, and employee stock purchase subscriptions. The fair value of each option award and employee stock purchase subscription is
estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The fair value of market-based restricted stock units is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which uses
multiple input variables to determine the probability of satisfying the market condition requirements. The Black-Scholes and Monte Carlo models require various highly judgmental assumptions, including
stock price volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected option term. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures. Judgment is required in estimating the stock
awards that will ultimately be forfeited. If actual results differ significantly from these estimates, stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations could be impacted.  

 


 


New Accounting Standards   

         Information regarding new accounting standards is included in Note 2 to the " Consolidated Financial
Statements." 

   
       Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk          


         Our business and financial results are affected by fluctuations in world financial markets, including changes in currency exchange
rates and interest rates. We manage these risks through a combination of normal operating and financing activities and derivative financial instruments. We do not use derivative financial instruments
for trading or speculative purposes.  

 


 


Interest Rate Risk   

         Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment portfolio and our long-term debt. Our
investment strategy is focused on preserving capital and supporting our liquidity requirements, while earning a reasonable market return. We invest in a variety of fixed-rate debt securities,
primarily time deposits, commercial paper, U.S. government and agency securities, municipal securities, asset-backed securities, corporate debt securities, and municipal securities. Our investment
policy limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The market value of our investments may decline if current market interest rates rise, which could result in a realized loss if we choose
or are forced to sell an investment before its scheduled maturity, which we currently do not anticipate. As of December 31, 2014, we had $999.5 million of investments in fixed-rate debt
securities which had an average remaining term to maturity of approximately 0.5 years. A hypothetical 25 basis point increase in interest rates at December 31, 2014 would have resulted
in a $1.2 million decrease in the fair value of these investments.  

         We
are also exposed to interest rate risk on our debt obligations. As of December 31, 2014, we had $600.0 million of Notes outstanding that carry a fixed rate, and also had
available a $750.0 million Credit Agreement that carries a variable interest rate based on the London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR"). As of December 31, 2014, there were no borrowings
outstanding under the Credit Agreement. To diversify our interest rate risk, we entered into interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of $300.0 million. The critical terms of the
swaps match the critical terms of $300.0 million of the debt issuance, effectively converting that portion of the fixed-rate issue to a floating variable rate based on a 6-month LIBOR
benchmark. Based on our year end 2014 and 2013 variable debt levels, a hypothetical 10% increase in our weighted-average interest rate would have an immaterial effect on our financial condition and
results of operations. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, a hypothetical 10% increase in market interest rates would decrease the fair value of the fixed-rate debt by approximately
$5.2 million and $6.0 million, respectively. This hypothetical change in interest rates would not impact the interest expense on the fixed-rate debt.  

 38 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         For
more information related to outstanding debt obligations, see Note 9 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements. "  

 


 


Currency Risk   

         We are exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from normal business operations. These risks include the translation of local
currency balances and results of our non-United States subsidiaries into United States dollars, currency gains and losses related to intercompany and third-party transactions denominated in currencies
other than a location's functional currency, and currency gains and losses associated with intercompany loans. Our principal currency exposures relate to the Euro and the Japanese yen. Our objective
is to minimize the volatility of our exposure to these risks through a combination of normal operating and financing activities and the use of derivative financial instruments in the form of foreign
currency forward exchange contracts and foreign currency options contracts. We do not hedge our exposure related to our net investments in our non-United States subsidiaries. The total notional
amounts of our derivative financial instruments entered into for foreign currency management purposes at December 31, 2014 and 2013 were $770.4 million and $805.5 million,
respectively. A hypothetical 10% increase/decrease in the value of the United States dollar against all hedged currencies would increase/decrease the fair value of these derivative contracts by
$46.3 million and $51.1 million, respectively. Any gains or losses on the fair value of derivative contracts would generally be offset by gains and losses on the underlying transactions,
so the net impact would not be significant to our financial condition or results of operations.  

         For
more information related to outstanding foreign exchange contracts, see Note 2 and Note 11 to the " Consolidated Financial
Statements. "  


 


 


Credit Risk   

         Derivative financial instruments involve credit risk in the event the financial institution counterparty should default. It is our
policy to execute such instruments with major financial institutions that we believe to be creditworthy. At December 31, 2014, all derivative financial instruments were with bank counterparties
assigned investment grade ratings by national rating agencies. We further diversify our derivative financial instruments among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities. We have
not experienced a counterparty default and do not anticipate any non-performance by our current derivative counterparties.  

 


 


Concentrations of Risk   

         We invest excess cash in a variety of fixed-rate debt securities, and diversify the investments between financial institutions.  

         In
the normal course of business, we provide credit to customers in the health care industry, perform credit evaluations of these customers, and maintain allowances for potential credit
losses, which have historically been adequate compared to actual losses. In 2014, we had no customers that represent 10% or more of our total net sales or accounts receivable, net.  


         We
continue to do business with foreign governments in certain European countries that have experienced a deterioration in credit and economic conditions. These conditions have resulted
in, and may continue to result in, a reduction in value and an increase in the average length of time that it takes to collect accounts receivable outstanding in these countries. In addition, we may
also be impacted by declines in sovereign credit ratings or sovereign defaults in these countries. As of December 31, 2014, our accounts receivables, net of the allowance for doubtful accounts,
from customers in certain European countries were $69.7 million.  

 39 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 


 


Investment Risk   

         We are exposed to investment risks related to changes in the fair values of our investments. As of December 31, 2014, we had
$839.4 million of investments in fixed-rate debt securities designated as held-to-maturity, of which $72.3 million were long-term, and $160.1 million of investments in fixed-rate
debt securities designated as available-for-sale, of which $142.2 million were long-term. As of December 31, 2014, we had recorded unrealized losses of $0.4 million on the
available-for-sale investments in " Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ," net of tax. Should we choose or be forced to sell an investment that has
declined in market value prior to its maturity, we may be required to realize losses in principal. In addition, we invest in equity instruments of public and private companies. As of
December 31, 2014, we had $26.4 million of investments in equity instruments of other companies and had recorded unrealized gains of $0.4 million on these investments in
" Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ," net of tax. Should these companies experience a decline in financial condition or fail to meet certain
development milestones, the
decline in the investments' values may be considered other than temporary and impairment charges may be necessary.  

 40 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 Table of Contents   

       Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data          

   
   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   DECEMBER 31, 2014          

 
   
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
 42 
 
 
   Financial Statements: 
   
 
  
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2014 and 2013 
   
 
43 
 
 
   For the Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012: 
   
 
  
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations 
   
 
44 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
   
 
45 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
   
 
46 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
   
 
47 
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
 
48 
 
 
   Other schedules are not applicable and have not been submitted 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  41 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
    Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm          

 To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation:  


         In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Edwards Lifesciences
Corporation and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2014 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting under Item 9A. Our
responsibility is to express opinions on
these financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.  

         A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  


         Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

 /s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
Irvine, California 
February 20, 2015 

 42 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   

   
       EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION              CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS              (in millions, except par value)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
    ASSETS 
   
 
 
   Current assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 653.8 
   
 

 
$ 
 420.4 
   
 
 
   Short-term investments (Note 7) 
   
   
 785.0 
   
   
 516.5 
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable, net (Note 6) 
   
   
 288.0 
   
   
 302.5 
   
 
 
   Other receivables 
   
   
 37.0 
   
   
 25.5 
   
 
 
   Inventories (Note 6) 
   
   
 296.8 
   
   
 308.9 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 63.5 
   
   
 33.4 
   
 
 
   Prepaid expenses 
   
   
 48.8 
   
   
 46.8 
   
 
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 121.7 
   
   
 71.8  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total current assets 
   
   
 2,294.6 
   
   
 1,725.8 
   
 
 
   Long-term accounts receivable, net (Note 6) 
   
   
 
5.8 
   
   
 
7.3 
   
 
 
   Long-term investments (Note 7) 
   
   
 240.9 
   
   
 21.9 
   
 
 
   Property, plant, and equipment, net (Note 6) 
   
   
 442.9 
   
   
 421.6 
   
 
 
   Goodwill (Note 8) 
   
   
 376.0 
   
   
 385.4 
   
 
 
   Other intangible assets, net (Note 8) 
   
   
 23.4 
   
   
 33.5 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 91.5 
   
   
 79.0 
   
 
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 49.2 
   
   
 35.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,524.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,709.9  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
   
 
 
   Current liabilities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
 
 
$ 
 58.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 48.4 
   
 
 
   Accrued and other liabilities (Note 6) 
   
   
 376.2 
   
   
 297.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total current liabilities 
   
   
 434.4 
   
   
 345.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Long-term debt (Note 9) 
   
   
 598.1 
   
   
 593.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Uncertain tax positions 
   
   
 194.8 
   
   
 126.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other long-term liabilities 
   
   
 105.6 
   
   
 100.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Commitments and contingencies (Notes 9 and 17) 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Stockholders' equity  (Note 13) 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Preferred stock, $.01 par value, authorized 50.0 shares, no shares outstanding 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Common stock, $1.00 par value, 350.0 shares authorized, 128.9 and 126.0 shares issued, and 107.8 and 109.3 shares outstanding, respectively 
   
   
 128.9 
   
   
 126.0 
   
 
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
   
 878.4 
   
   
 671.2 
   
 
 
   Retained earnings 
   
   
 2,841.9 
   
   
 2,030.8 
   
 
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 (100.9 
 ) 
   
 (27.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Treasury stock, at cost, 21.1 and 16.7 shares, respectively 
   
   
 (1,556.9 
 ) 
   
 (1,256.0 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total stockholders' equity 
   
   
 2,191.4 
   
   
 1,544.4  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,524.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,709.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 43 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   

   
       EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS              (in millions, except per share information)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,322.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,045.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,899.6 
   
 
 
   Cost of sales 
   
   
 625.6 
   
   
 516.6 
   
   
 491.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 1,697.3 
   
   
 1,528.9 
   
   
 1,408.6 
   
 
 
   Selling, general, and administrative expenses 
   
   
 858.0 
   
   
 733.4 
   
   
 697.4 
   
 
 
   Research and development expenses 
   
   
 346.5 
   
   
 323.0 
   
   
 291.3 
   
 
 
   Intellectual property litigation (income) expense, net (Note 4) 
   
   
 (740.4 
 ) 
   
 (61.5 
 ) 
   
 14.4 
   
 
 
   Special charges (Note 5) 
   
   
 70.7 
   
   
 16.3 
   
   
 16.0 
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 17.2 
   
   
 9.8 
   
   
 4.4 
   
 
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 (6.4 
 ) 
   
 (4.6 
 ) 
   
 (4.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Other expense, net (Note 15) 
   
   
 7.7 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 1.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
   
   
 1,144.0 
   
   
 511.2 
   
   
 388.2 
   
 
 
   Provision for income taxes (Note 16) 
   
   
 332.9 
   
   
 122.1 
   
   
 96.7  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 811.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 389.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 291.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Share information  (Note 2): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Earnings per share: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.62 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.48 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.54 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.48 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.42 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.46 
   
 
 
   Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 106.5 
   
   
 111.7 
   
   
 114.9 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 108.5 
   
   
 113.8 
   
   
 118.3 
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 44 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   

   
       EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME              (in millions)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 811.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 389.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 291.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax (Note 14): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments 
   
   
 (96.2 
 ) 
   
 5.6 
   
   
 4.2 
   
 
 
   Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges 
   
   
 28.8 
   
   
 (3.5 
 ) 
   
 1.1 
   
 
 
   Defined benefit pension plans—net actuarial (loss) gain and other 
   
   
 (5.6 
 ) 
   
 9.3 
   
   
 (6.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Unrealized loss on available-for-sale investments for the period 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 (1.1 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Reclassification of net realized investment loss to earnings 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 
   
   
 (73.3 
 ) 
   
 10.3 
   
   
 (0.4 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Comprehensive income 
   
 
 
$ 
 737.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 399.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 291.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 45 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   

   
       EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS              (in millions)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Cash flows from operating activities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 811.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 389.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 291.5 
   
 
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 68.6 
   
   
 62.9 
   
   
 53.7 
   
 
 
   Stock-based compensation (Notes 2 and 13) 
   
   
 48.3 
   
   
 47.4 
   
   
 42.1 
   
 
 
   Excess tax benefit from stock plans (Notes 2 and 13) 
   
   
 (49.4 
 ) 
   
 (73.5 
 ) 
   
 (56.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 (71.1 
 ) 
   
 (12.4 
 ) 
   
 (26.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Purchased in-process research and development (Note 5) 
   
   
 10.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 7.0 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 13.9 
   
   
 6.7 
   
   
 3.2 
   
 
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accounts and other receivables, net 
   
   
 (26.8 
 ) 
   
 8.5 
   
   
 (26.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 (30.5 
 ) 
   
 (44.4 
 ) 
   
 (21.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
   
   
 112.9 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 (2.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Income taxes 
   
   
 128.1 
   
   
 80.6 
   
   
 85.4 
   
 
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
   
   
 (0.9 
 ) 
   
 (6.3 
 ) 
   
 1.6 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 7.5 
   
   
 13.9 
   
   
 11.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
   
 1,022.3 
   
   
 472.7 
   
   
 362.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash flows from investing activities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
   
 (82.9 
 ) 
   
 (109.0 
 ) 
   
 (109.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Purchases of held-to-maturity investments (Note 7) 
   
   
 (1,956.4 
 ) 
   
 (823.2 
 ) 
   
 (592.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from held-to-maturity investments (Note 7) 
   
   
 1,611.2 
   
   
 526.4 
   
   
 662.3 
   
 
 
   Purchases of available-for-sale investments (Note 7) 
   
   
 (160.4 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Proceeds from available-for-sale investments (Note 7) 
   
   
 1.7 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Investments in unconsolidated affiliates (Note 7) 
   
   
 (11.2 
 ) 
   
 (3.0 
 ) 
   
 (2.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from unconsolidated affiliates (Note 7) 
   
   
 2.1 
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
 2.8 
   
 
 
   Investments in trading securities, net 
   
   
 (14.4 
 ) 
   
 (1.4 
 ) 
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Acquisitions (Notes 7 and 8) 
   
   
 (15.0 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (36.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Investments in intangible assets and in-process research and development 
   
   
 (10.8 
 ) 
   
 (1.1 
 ) 
   
 (7.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from sale of assets 
   
   
 3.1 
   
   
 2.3 
   
   
 3.0 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (4.0 
 ) 
   
 0.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 (633.0 
 ) 
   
 (412.7 
 ) 
   
 (78.8 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash flows from financing activities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Proceeds from issuance of debt 
   
   
 226.3 
   
   
 1,305.0 
   
   
 407.0 
   
 
 
   Payments on debt and capital lease obligations 
   
   
 (239.0 
 ) 
   
 (895.4 
 ) 
   
 (367.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Purchases of treasury stock 
   
   
 (300.9 
 ) 
   
 (496.9 
 ) 
   
 (344.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Equity forward contract related to accelerated share repurchase agreement (Note 13) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (9.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from stock plans 
   
   
 113.3 
   
   
 45.5 
   
   
 100.1 
   
 
 
   Excess tax benefit from stock plans (Notes 2 and 13) 
   
   
 49.4 
   
   
 73.5 
   
   
 56.5 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 (2.1 
 ) 
   
 3.2 
   
   
 1.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
   
 (153.0 
 ) 
   
 34.9 
   
   
 (155.6 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 (2.9 
 ) 
   
 14.6 
   
   
 12.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 233.4 
   
   
 109.5 
   
   
 139.7 
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
   
   
 420.4 
   
   
 310.9 
   
   
 171.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
   
 
 
$ 
 653.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 420.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 310.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Supplemental disclosures: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash paid during the year for: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest 
   
 
 
$ 
 15.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.4 
   
 
 
   Income taxes 
   
 
 
$ 
 274.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 54.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 38.0 
   
 
 
   Non-cash investing and financing transactions: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Capital lease obligations incurred 
   
 
 
$ 
 13.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Capital expenditures accruals 
   
 
 
$ 
 8.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 8.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 20.9 
   
 
 
   Capital additions transferred from inventory 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 46 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   

   
       EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY              (in millions)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Common Stock  
   
 Treasury Stock  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
(Loss) Income  
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Shares  
   
 Par 
Value  
   
 Shares  
   
 Amount  
   
 Additional 
Paid-in 
Capital  
   
 Retained 
Earnings  
   
 Total 
Stockholders' 
Equity  
   
 
 
   BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2011 
   
   
 120.0 
   
   
 120.0 
   
   
 5.9 
   
   
 (405.8 
 ) 
   
 300.5 
   
   
 1,350.2 
   
   
 (37.5 
 ) 
   
 1,327.4 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 291.5 
   
   
   
   
   
 291.5 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Common stock issued under equity plans, including tax benefits 
   
   
 4.2 
   
   
 4.2 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 155.5 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 159.7 
   
 
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 42.1 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 42.1 
   
 
 
   Purchases of treasury stock 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 4.0 
   
   
 (344.1 
 ) 
   
 (9.1 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (353.2 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2012 
   
   
 124.2 
   
   
 124.2 
   
   
 9.9 
   
   
 (749.9 
 ) 
   
 489.0 
   
   
 1,641.7 
   
   
 (37.9 
 ) 
   
 1,467.1 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 389.1 
   
   
   
   
   
 389.1 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 10.3 
   
   
 10.3 
   
 
 
   Common stock issued under equity plans, including tax benefits 
   
   
 1.8 
   
   
 1.8 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 125.7 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 127.5 
   
 
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 47.4 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 47.4 
   
 
 
   Purchases of treasury stock 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 6.8 
   
   
 (506.1 
 ) 
   
 9.1 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (497.0 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2013 
   
   
 126.0 
   
   
 126.0 
   
   
 16.7 
   
   
 (1,256.0 
 ) 
   
 671.2 
   
   
 2,030.8 
   
   
 (27.6 
 ) 
   
 1,544.4 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 811.1 
   
   
   
   
   
 811.1 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (73.3 
 ) 
   
 (73.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Common stock issued under equity plans, including tax benefits 
   
   
 2.9 
   
   
 2.9 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 158.9 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 161.8 
   
 
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 48.3 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 48.3 
   
 
 
   Purchases of treasury stock 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 4.4 
   
   
 (300.9 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (300.9 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2014 
   
   
 128.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 128.9 
   
   
 21.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1,556.9 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 878.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,841.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 (100.9 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 2,191.4  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 47 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   

   
       EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          

 


 


1.    DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS   

 
        Edwards Lifesciences Corporation ("Edwards Lifesciences" or the "Company") conducts operations worldwide and is managed in the following geographical regions: United States, Europe,
Japan, and Rest of World. Edwards Lifesciences is focused on technologies that treat structural heart disease and critically ill patients. The products and technologies provided by Edwards
Lifesciences are categorized into the following main areas: Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy, Surgical Heart Valve Therapy, and Critical Care.  

 


 


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

 


 


Principles of Consolidation   

         The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Edwards Lifesciences and its majority-owned subsidiaries.
All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company reviews its investments in other entities to determine whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of a
variable interest entity ("VIE"). The Company would be the primary beneficiary of the VIE, and would be required to consolidate the VIE, if it has the power to direct the significant activities of the
entity and the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits from the entity that may be significant to the VIE. Based on the Company's analysis, it determined it is not the primary beneficiary of
any VIEs; however, future events may require VIEs to be consolidated if the Company becomes the primary beneficiary.  

         Due
to the Company's change in accounting principle (see Note 3), certain legal costs previously reported on the consolidated statements of operations in
" Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses " and " Special Charges " have been reclassed to
" Intellectual Property Litigation (Income) Expense, net " to conform to the current year presentation. In addition, certain reclassifications related to
the presentation of income taxes and special charges have been made in the prior years' consolidated statements of cash flows to conform to the current year presentation. These reclassifications had
no impact on net income or on the cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities.  


 


 


Use of Estimates   

         The consolidated financial statements of Edwards Lifesciences have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles in the United States of America ("GAAP") which have been applied consistently in all material respects. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

 



 


Foreign Currency Translation   

         When the local currency of the Company's foreign entities is the functional currency, all assets and liabilities are translated into
United States dollars at the rate of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. Income and expense items are translated at the weighted-average exchange rate prevailing during the period. The
effects of foreign currency translation adjustments for these entities are deferred and reported in stockholders' equity as a component of " Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Loss ." The effects of foreign currency transactions denominated in a currency other than an entity's functional currency are included in " Other Expense,
net. "  

 48 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 


 


Revenue Recognition   

         The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. Revenue is considered realized or realizable and earned
upon delivery of the product, provided that an agreement of sale exists, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. In the case of certain products where the
Company maintains consigned inventory at customer locations, revenue is recognized at the time the customer has used the inventory.  

         The
Company's principal sales terms provide for title and risk of loss transferring upon delivery to the customer, limited right of return, and no unusual provisions or conditions. When
the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of its products, an estimate of various sales returns and allowances is recorded which reduces product sales and accounts receivable. These adjustments
include estimates for rebates, returns, and other sales allowances. These provisions are estimated and recorded at the time of sale based upon historical payment experience, historical relationship to
revenues, estimated customer inventory levels, and current contract sales terms with direct and indirect customers. Other than in limited circumstances, product returns are not significant because
returns are generally not allowed unless the product is damaged at time of receipt. In addition, the Company may allow customers to return previously purchased products for next-generation product
offerings. For these transactions, the Company defers recognition of revenue on the sale of the earlier generation product based upon an estimate of the amount of product to be returned when the
next-generation products are shipped to the customer.  

         The
Company's sales adjustment related to distributor rebates given to the Company's United States distributors represents the difference between the Company's sales price to the
distributor (at the Company's distributor "list price") and the negotiated price to be paid by the end-customer. This distributor rebate is recorded by the Company as a reduction to sales and a
reduction to the distributor's accounts receivable at the time of sale to a distributor. The Company validates the distributor rebate accrual quarterly through either a review of the inventory reports
obtained from its distributors or an estimate of its distributor's inventory. This distributor inventory information is used to verify the estimated liability for future distributor rebate claims
based on historical rebates and contract rates. The Company periodically monitors current pricing trends and distributor inventory levels to ensure the credit for future distributor rebates is fairly
stated.  

         The
Company also offers volume rebates to certain group purchasing organizations ("GPOs") and customers based upon target sales levels. For volume rebates offered to GPOs, the
rebates are recorded as a reduction to sales and an obligation to the GPO, as the Company expects to pay in cash. For volume rebates offered to customers, the rebates are recorded as a
reduction to sales and accounts receivable, as the Company expects a net payment from the customer. The provision for volume rebates is estimated based on customers' contracted rebate programs and
historical experience of rebates paid. The Company periodically monitors its customer rebate programs to ensure that the allowance and liability for accrued rebates is fairly stated.  

 


 


Shipping and Handling Costs   

         Shipping costs, which are costs incurred to physically move product from the Company's premises to the customer's premises, are
included in " Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses ." Handling costs, which are costs incurred to store, move, and prepare products for shipment,
are included in " Cost of Sales ." For the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, shipping costs of $60.5 million,
$56.6 million, and $54.9 million, respectively, were included in " Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses ."  

 49 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 


 


Cash Equivalents   

         The Company considers highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. These
investments are valued at cost, which approximates fair value.  

 


 


Investments   

         The Company invests its excess cash in fixed-rate debt securities, including time deposits, commercial paper, U.S. government and
agency securities, municipal securities, asset-backed securities, corporate debt securities, and municipal securities. Investments with maturities of one year or less are classified as short-term, and
investments with maturities greater than one year are classified as long-term. Investments that the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity are classified as held-to-maturity and
carried at amortized cost. Investments that are classified as available-for-sale are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in " Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Loss ." The Company determines the appropriate classification of its investments in fixed-rate debt securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates such
designation at each balance sheet date.  

         The
Company also has long-term equity investments in companies that are in various stages of development. Certain of these investments are designated as available-for-sale. Other
investments in unconsolidated affiliates are accounted for under the cost or the equity method of accounting, as appropriate. The Company accounts for investments in limited partnerships or limited
liability corporations, whereby the Company owns a minimum of 5% of the investee's outstanding voting stock, under the equity method of accounting. These investments are recorded at the amount of the
Company's investment and adjusted each period for the Company's share of the investee's income or loss and dividends paid. As investments accounted for under the cost method do not have readily
determinable fair values, the Company only estimates fair value if there are identified events or changes in circumstances that could have a significant adverse effect on the investment's fair value.  

         Realized
gains and losses on investments that are sold are determined using the specific identification method and recorded to " Other Expense,
net ." Income relating to investments in fixed-rate debt securities is recorded to " Interest Income. "  


         The
Company periodically reviews its investments for impairment. When the fair value of an investment declines below cost, management uses the following criteria to determine if such a
decline should be considered other-than-temporary and result in a recognized loss: 

 
 
 •  the duration and extent to which the market value has been less than cost;  
 •  the financial condition and near term prospects of the investee/issuer;  
 •  the reasons for the decline in market value;  
 •  the Company's ability and intent to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in
market value; and  
 •  the investee's performance against product development milestones.  
 

 


 


Allowance for Doubtful Accounts   

         The Company records allowances for doubtful accounts based on customer-specific analysis and general matters such as current
assessments of past due balances and economic conditions. When evaluating its  

 50 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 allowances
for doubtful accounts related to receivables from customers in certain European countries that have historically paid beyond the stated terms, the Company's analysis considers a number of
factors including evidence of the customer's ability to comply with credit terms, economic conditions, and procedures implemented by the Company to collect the historical receivables. Additional
allowances for doubtful accounts may be required if there is deterioration in past due balances, if economic conditions are less favorable than the Company has anticipated, or for customer-specific
circumstances, such as financial difficulty. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $11.3 million and $12.2 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

 


 


Inventories   

         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market value. Market value for raw materials is based on
replacement costs, and for other inventory classifications is based on net realizable value.  

         A
write-down for excess or inactive inventory is recorded for inventory which is obsolete, nearing its expiration date (generally triggered at six months prior to expiration), is
damaged, or slow moving (generally defined as quantities in excess of a two-year supply). The allowance for excess and obsolete inventory was $32.2 million and $29.6 million at
December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

         The
Company allocates to inventory general and administrative costs that are related to the production process. These costs include insurance, manufacturing accounting personnel, human
resources personnel, and information technology. During the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, the Company allocated $29.1 million, $25.9 million, and
$26.2 million, respectively, of general and administrative costs to inventory. General and administrative costs included in inventory at December 31, 2014 and 2013 were
$17.5 million and $15.0 million, respectively.  


         At
December 31, 2014 and 2013, approximately $46.2 million and $40.0 million, respectively, of the Company's finished goods inventories were held on consignment.  

 


 


Property, Plant, and Equipment   

         Property, plant, and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is principally calculated for financial reporting purposes on the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, which range from 10 to 40 years for buildings and improvements, from 3 to 15 years for machinery and
equipment, and from 3 to 10 years for software. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the life of the related facility leases or the asset, whichever is shorter. Straight-line and
accelerated methods of depreciation are used for income tax purposes.  

         Depreciation
expense for property, plant, and equipment was $57.5 million, $53.1 million, and $44.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and
2012, respectively. Repairs and maintenance expense was $25.9 million, $21.7 million, and $20.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.  

 



 


Impairment of Goodwill and Long-lived Assets   

         Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year or whenever an event occurs or circumstances
change that would indicate that the carrying amount may be impaired. The Company identifies its reporting units and determines the carrying value of each reporting unit by assigning  

 51 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 the
assets and liabilities, including existing goodwill, to those reporting units. The fair value of the reporting unit is estimated based on the Company's market capitalization and a market revenue
multiple. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, then the Company measures the amount of the impairment loss by comparing the implied fair value of goodwill to
its carrying value. In 2014, 2013, and 2012, the Company did not record any impairment loss as the fair value of each reporting unit significantly exceeded its respective carrying value.  

         Indefinite-lived
intangible assets relate to in-process research and development ("IPR&D") acquired in business combinations. The estimated fair values of IPR&D projects acquired in a
business combination which have not reached technological feasibility are capitalized and accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets subject to impairment testing until completion or
abandonment of the projects. Upon successful completion of the project, the capitalized amount is amortized over its estimated useful life. If the project is abandoned, all remaining capitalized
amounts are written off immediately. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment annually, or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying
amount may be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized when the asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value. IPR&D projects acquired in an asset acquisition are expensed unless the project has an
alternative future use.  

         Management
reviews the carrying amounts of other finite-lived intangible assets and long-lived tangible assets whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of an
asset may not be recoverable. Impairment indicators include, among other conditions, cash flow deficits, historic or anticipated declines in revenue or operating profit, and adverse legal or
regulatory developments. If it is determined that such indicators are present and the review indicates that the assets will not be fully recoverable, based on undiscounted estimated cash flows over
the remaining amortization periods, their carrying values are reduced to estimated fair market value. Estimated fair market value is determined primarily using the anticipated cash flows discounted at
a rate commensurate with the risk involved. For the purposes of identifying and measuring impairment, long-lived assets are grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which
identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities.  

 


 


Income Taxes   

         Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the
Company's financial statements or tax returns. The Company evaluates quarterly the realizability of its deferred tax assets by assessing its valuation allowance and adjusting the amount, if necessary.
The factors used to assess the likelihood of realization are both historical experience and the Company's forecast of future taxable income and available tax planning strategies that could be
implemented to realize the net deferred tax assets. Failure to achieve forecasted taxable income in the applicable taxing jurisdictions could affect the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets and
could result in an increase in the Company's effective tax rate on future earnings.  

         When
assessing whether a windfall tax benefit relating to stock-based compensation has been realized, the Company follows the with and without approach, under which the windfall benefit
is recognized only if an incremental benefit is provided after considering all other tax attributes presently available to the Company. Consideration is given only to the direct impacts of stock
awards when calculating the amount of windfalls and shortfalls.  

         The
Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating the Company's uncertain tax positions and
determining its  

 52 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 provision
for income taxes. The Company recognizes the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that a position would more likely than not be sustained based upon its
technical merit if challenged by the relevant taxing authority and taken by management to the court of last resort. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized
in the consolidated financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement with the relevant tax authority. The Company recognizes
interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.  

 


 


Research and Development Costs   

         Research and development costs are charged to expense when incurred.  


 


 


Earnings per Share   

         Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average common shares outstanding during a period. Employee
equity share options, nonvested shares, and similar equity instruments granted by the Company are treated as potential common shares in computing diluted earnings per share. Diluted shares outstanding
include the dilutive effect of restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock units, and in-the-money options. The dilutive impact of the restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock
units, and in-the-money options is calculated based on the average share price for each fiscal period using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the amount that the employee
must pay for exercising stock options, the amount of compensation expense for future service that the Company has not yet recognized, and the amount of tax benefits that would be recorded in
" Additional Paid-in Capital " when the award becomes deductible are assumed to be used to repurchase shares. Potential common share equivalents have been
excluded where their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.  

         The
table below presents the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share (in millions, except for per share information):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Basic: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 811.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 389.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 291.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Weighted-average shares outstanding 
   
   
 106.5 
   
   
 111.7 
   
   
 114.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.62 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.48 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.54  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Diluted: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 

 
$ 
 811.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 389.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 291.5  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Weighted-average shares outstanding 
   
   
 106.5 
   
   
 111.7 
   
   
 114.9 
   
 
 
   Dilutive effect of stock plans 
   
   
 2.0 
   
   
 2.1 
   
   
 3.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Dilutive weighted-average shares outstanding 
   
   
 108.5 
   
   
 113.8 
   
   
 118.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
 

 
$ 
 7.48 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.42 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.46  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Stock
options, restricted stock units, and market-based restricted stock units to purchase approximately 2.4 million, 3.3 million, and 1.7 million shares for the
years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012,  

 53 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  


 respectively,
were outstanding, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive.  

 


 


Stock-based Compensation   

         The Company measures and recognizes compensation expense for all stock-based awards based on estimated fair values. Stock-based awards
consist of stock options, restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock units, and employee stock purchase subscriptions. Stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on
the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period (vesting period) on a straight-line basis. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if
necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Upon exercise of stock options or vesting of restricted stock units and market-based restricted stock units, the
Company issues common stock.  

         Total
stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 was as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Cost of sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 5.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 5.0 
   
 
 
   Selling, general, and administrative expenses 
   
   
 34.9 
   
   
 34.7 
   
   
 31.2 
   
 
 
   Research and development expenses 
   
   
 7.3 
   
   
 6.8 
   
   
 5.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total stock-based compensation expense 
   
 
 
$ 
 48.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 47.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 42.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Upon
retirement, all unvested stock options are immediately forfeited. In addition, upon retirement, a participant will immediately vest in 25% of restricted stock units for each full
year of employment with the Company measured from the grant date. All remaining unvested restricted stock units are immediately forfeited. For market-based restricted stock units, upon retirement and
in certain other specified cases, a participant will receive a pro-rated portion of the shares that would ultimately be issued based on attainment of the performance goals as determined on the vesting
date. The pro-rated portion is based on the participant's whole months of service with the Company during the performance period prior to the date of termination.  

 


 


Derivatives   

         The Company uses derivative financial instruments to manage interest rate and foreign currency risks. It is the Company's policy not to
enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. The Company uses interest rate swaps to convert a portion of its fixed-rate debt into variable-rate debt. These interest rate
swaps are designated as fair value hedges and meet the shortcut method requirements under the accounting standards for derivatives and hedging. Accordingly, changes in the fair values of the interest
rate swaps are considered to exactly offset changes in the fair value of the underlying long-term debt. The Company uses foreign currency forward exchange contracts to offset the changes due to
currency rate movements in the amount of future cash flows associated with intercompany transactions and certain third-party expenses expected to occur within the next 13 months. These foreign
currency forward exchange contracts are designated as cash flow hedges. Certain of the Company's locations have assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than their functional currencies
resulting from intercompany and third-party  

 54 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 transactions.
The Company uses foreign currency forward exchange contracts and foreign currency option contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments to offset the transaction gains and
losses associated with certain of these assets and liabilities. All foreign currency forward exchange contracts are denominated in currencies of major industrial countries, principally the Euro and
the Japanese yen.  

         All
derivative financial instruments are recognized at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets. For each derivative instrument that is designated and effective as a fair value
hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative is recognized immediately to earnings, and offsets the loss or gain on the underlying hedged item. The gain or loss on fair value hedges is classified in net
interest expense, as they hedge the interest rate risk associated with the Company's fixed-rate debt. The Company reports in " Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Loss " the effective portion of the gain or loss on derivative financial instruments that are designated, and that qualify, as cash flow hedges. The Company reclassifies these
gains and losses into earnings in the same period in which the underlying hedged transactions affect earnings. Any hedge ineffectiveness (which represents the amount by which the changes in fair value
of the derivative exceed the variability in the cash flows of the forecasted transaction) is recorded in current period earnings. During 2014, 2013, and 2012, the Company did not record any gains or
losses due to hedge ineffectiveness. The gains and losses on derivative financial instruments for which the Company does not elect hedge accounting treatment are recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations in each period based upon the change in the fair value of the derivative financial instrument. Cash flows from derivative financial instruments are reported as operating
activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.  

         Derivative
financial instruments involve credit risk in the event the counterparty should default. It is the Company's policy to execute such instruments with global financial
institutions that the Company believes to be creditworthy. The Company diversifies its derivative financial instruments among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities. The
Company also uses International Swap Dealers Association master-netting agreements. Under the master-netting agreements, the Company's counterparty settlement risk is the net amount of any receipts or
payments due between the Company and the counterparty financial institution.  

 


 


Recently Adopted Accounting Standards   

         In July 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an amendment to the accounting guidance on income taxes
impacting the presentation of unrecognized tax benefits. The guidance requires an entity to net its unrecognized tax benefits against the deferred tax assets for all same jurisdiction net operating
loss or similar tax loss carryforwards, or tax credit carryforwards. The guidance was effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2013 and interim periods
therein. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.  

 


 


New Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted   

         In May 2014, the FASB issued an update to the accounting guidance on revenue recognition. The new guidance provides a comprehensive,
principles-based approach to revenue recognition, and supersedes most previous revenue recognition guidance. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the
transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also
requires improved disclosures on the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016 and  

 55 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 interim
periods therein. The new guidance can be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of the change recognized at the date of
the initial application. The Company is currently assessing the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements, and has not yet selected a transition method.  

 


 


3.    CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLE   

 
        Effective January 1, 2014, the Company changed its method of accounting for certain intellectual property litigation expenses related to the defense and enforcement of its issued
patents. Previously, the Company capitalized these legal costs if a favorable outcome in the patent defense was determined to be probable, and amortized the capitalized legal costs over the life of
the related patent. As of December 31, 2013, the Company had remaining unamortized capitalized legal costs of $23.7 million, which, under the previous accounting method, would have been
amortized through 2021. Under the new method of accounting, these legal costs are expensed in the period they are incurred. The Company has retrospectively adjusted the comparative financial
statements of prior periods to apply this new method of accounting.  

         The
Company believes this change in accounting principle is preferable because (1) as more competitors enter the Company's key product markets and the threat of complex
intellectual property litigation across multiple jurisdictions increases, it will become more difficult for the Company to accurately assess the probability of a favorable outcome in such litigation,
and (2) it will enhance the comparability of the Company's financial results with those of its peer group because it is the predominant accounting practice in the Company's industry.  

         The
accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes have been adjusted to reflect the impact of this change retrospectively to all prior periods presented. The
cumulative effect of the change in accounting principle was a decrease in retained earnings of $10.5 million as of January 1, 2012. The following tables present the effects of the
retrospective application of the change in accounting principle (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31, 2013  
   
 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet

 

  
   
 As Reported  
   
 As Adjusted  
   
 
 
   Other intangible assets, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 57.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 33.5 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 70.1 
   
   
 79.0 
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 2,724.7 
   
   
 2,709.9 
   
 
 
   Retained earnings 
   
   
 2,045.6 
   
   
 2,030.8 
   
 
 
   Total stockholders' equity 
   
   
 1,559.2 
   
   
 1,544.4 
   
 
 
   Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
   
   
 2,724.7 
   
   
 2,709.9 
   
 
 
 
  
  56 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


3.    CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLE (Continued)  

   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations

 

  
   
 As Reported  
   
 As Adjusted  
   
 As Reported  
   
 As Adjusted  
   
 
 
   Cost of sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 522.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 516.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 494.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 491.0 
   
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 1,523.1 
   
   
 1,528.9 
   
   
 1,405.0 
   
   
 1,408.6 
   
 
 
   Selling, general, and administrative expenses(a) 
   
   
 745.6 
   
   
 733.4 
   
   
 705.3 
   
   
 697.4 
   
 
 
   Intellectual property litigation (income) expense, net(a) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (61.5 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 14.4 
   
 
 
   Special (gains) charges(a) 
   
   
 (67.3 
 ) 
   
 16.3 
   
   
 16.0 
   
   
 16.0 
   
 
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
   
   
 515.3 
   
   
 511.2 
   
   
 391.1 
   
   
 388.2 
   
 
 
   Provision for income taxes 
   
   
 123.6 
   
   
 122.1 
   
   
 97.9 
   
   
 96.7 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 391.7 
   
   
 389.1 
   
   
 293.2 
   
   
 291.5 
   
 
 
   Earnings per share: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.51 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.48 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.55 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.54 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.44 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.42 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.48 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.46 
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

 

  
   
 As Reported  
   
 As Adjusted  
   
 As Reported  
   
 As Adjusted  
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 391.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 389.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 293.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 291.5 
   
 
 
   Comprehensive income 
   
   
 402.0 
   
   
 399.4 
   
   
 292.8 
   
   
 291.1 
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

 

  
   
 As Reported  
   
 As Adjusted  
   
 As Reported  
   
 As Adjusted  
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
$ 
 391.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 389.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 293.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 291.5 
   
 
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 68.7 
   
   
 62.9 
   
   
 57.3 
   
   
 53.7 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes(a) 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 (12.4 
 ) 
   
 8.1 
   
   
 (26.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 3.2 
   
   
 6.7 
   
   
 3.9 
   
   
 3.2 
   
 
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
   
   
 4.6 
   
   
 (6.3 
 ) 
   
 12.8 
   
   
 1.6 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 2.5 
   
   
 13.9 
   
   
 5.0 
   
   
 11.4 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) The
above amounts also reflect certain reclassifications of previously reported amounts to conform to classifications used in the current year. See
Note 2 for further information.   
  
  57 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   Table of Contents   

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

 


 


4.    INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LITIGATION (INCOME) EXPENSE, NET   


 
        In May 2014, the Company entered into an agreement with Medtronic, Inc. and its affiliates ("Medtronic") to settle all outstanding patent litigation between the companies,
including all cases related to transcatheter heart valves. Pursuant to the agreement, all pending cases or appeals in courts and patent offices worldwide have been dismissed, and the parties will not
litigate patent disputes with each other in the field of transcatheter valves for the eight-year term of the agreement. Under the terms of a patent cross-license that is part of the
agreement, Medtronic made a one-time, upfront payment to the Company in the amount of $750.0 million. In addition, Medtronic will pay the Company quarterly license royalty payments through
April 2022. For sales in the United States, the royalty payments will be based on a percentage of Medtronic's sales of transcatheter aortic valves, subject to a minimum annual payment of
$40.0 million and a maximum annual payment of $60.0 million. A separate royalty payment will be calculated based on sales of Medtronic transcatheter aortic valves manufactured in the
United States but sold elsewhere.  

         The
Company accounted for the settlement agreement as a multiple-element arrangement and allocated the total consideration to the identifiable elements based upon their relative fair
value. The consideration assigned to each element was as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Past damages 
   
 
 
$ 
 754.3 
   
 
 
   License agreement 
   
   
 238.0 
   
 
 
   Covenant not to sue 
   
   
 77.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,070.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company recognized the upfront payment of $750.0 million in " Intellectual Property Litigation (Income) Expense, net " during the
second quarter of 2014. The accounting guidance limits the amount to be recognized
upfront to the amount of cash received. The remaining fair value associated with the past damages element, as well as the license agreement and the covenant not to sue, will be recognized in
" Net Sales " over the term of the license agreement as delivery occurs since the Company considers the future royalties to be part of its revenue-earning
activities that constitute its ongoing major or central operations.  

         In
February 2013, the Company received $83.6 million from Medtronic in satisfaction of the initial April 2010 jury award of damages for infringement of the United States Andersen
transcatheter heart valve patent, including accrued interest.  


         The
Company incurred external legal costs related to intellectual property litigation of $9.6 million, $22.1 million, and $14.4 million during 2014, 2013, and 2012,
respectively.  

 58 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


5. SPECIAL CHARGES   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Charitable foundation contribution 
   
 
 
$ 
 50.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Acquisition of IPR&D 
   
   
 10.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Settlement 
   
   
 7.5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Asset write-down 
   
   
 3.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Realignment expenses 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 10.4 
   
   
 9.0 
   
 
 
   IPR&D impairment 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5.9 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Licensing of intellectual property 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 7.0  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total special charges 
   
 
 
$ 
 70.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 16.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 16.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  

 


 


 Charitable Foundation Contribution    

 

         In June 2014, the Company contributed $50.0 million to the Edwards Lifesciences Foundation, a related-party not-for-profit
organization intended to provide philanthropic support
to health- and community-focused charitable organizations. The contribution was irrevocable and was recorded as an expense at the time of payment.  

 

 


 


 Acquisition of IPR&D    

 

         In December 2014, the Company acquired technology for use in its transcatheter mitral valve program. In connection with this
acquisition, the Company recorded a $10.2 million IPR&D charge, including related expenses. The acquired technology has no alternative uses. Additional design developments, bench testing,
pre-clinical studies, and human clinical studies must be successfully completed prior to selling any product. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, the Company must pay an additional
$10.0 million if, within 9 years of the acquisition closing date, the Company receives CE Mark for a transcatheter mitral valve repair or replacement product that incorporates the
acquired technology.  

 

 


 


 Settlement    

 

         In March 2014, the Company recorded a $7.5 million charge to settle past and future obligations related to one of its
intellectual property agreements.  

 

 


 


 Asset Write-down    

 

         In September 2014, due to a strategic shift of the Company's investment initiatives, the Company decided to refocus resources from its
automated glucose monitoring program. As a result, the Company recorded a charge of $3.0 million to write down an intangible asset and fixed assets, and to record severance costs. In addition,
the Company recorded a $2.0 million charge to " Cost of Sales ," primarily related to the disposal of inventory and equipment held by customers.  

 

 


 


 Realignment Expenses    

 

         In December 2013, the Company recorded a $10.4 million charge related primarily to severance expenses associated with a global
workforce realignment impacting 118 employees. As of December 31, 2014, the  

 59 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


 


 


5. SPECIAL CHARGES (Continued)  

 Company's
remaining severance obligations of $3.3 million are expected to be substantially paid by the end of 2015.  

         In
December 2012, the Company recorded a $9.0 million charge related primarily to severance expenses associated with a global workforce realignment impacting 92 employees. As of
December 31, 2014, payments related to the realignment were complete.  

 

 


 


 IPR&D Impairment    

 

         In December 2013, the Company recorded a $5.9 million write-off of IPR&D assets acquired from Embrella
Cardiovascular, Inc. For further information, see Note 8.  

 

 


 


 Licensing of Intellectual Property    

 

         In April 2012, the Company obtained an exclusive license to a suturing device for minimally invasive surgery applications. At the time,
the intellectual property was under development, and there was uncertainty as to whether the product would ultimately be approved. The Company recorded a charge of $2.0 million related to the
upfront licensing and royalty fees.  

         In
June 2012, the Company obtained a co-exclusive sublicense to intellectual property related to processing tissue and implanting cardiovascular valves. At the time, the intellectual
property was under development and there was uncertainty as to whether the product would ultimately be approved. The Company recorded a charge of $5.0 million related to the upfront licensing
fee.  

 60 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


 


 


6. COMPOSITION OF CERTAIN FINANCIAL STATEMENT CAPTIONS   

 
        Components of selected captions in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31 are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Accounts receivable, net(a) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Trade accounts receivable 
   
 
 
$ 
 293.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 307.9 
   
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
   
   
 (5.1 
 ) 
   
 (5.4 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 288.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 302.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Raw materials 
   
 
 
$ 
 67.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 57.8 
   
 
 
   Work in process 
   
   
 59.3 
   
   
 82.2 
   
 
 
   Finished products 
   
   
 170.1 
   
   
 168.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 296.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 308.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Property, plant, and equipment, net 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Land 
   
 
 
$ 
 25.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 21.6 
   
 
 
   Buildings and leasehold improvements 
   
   
 270.6 
   
   
 268.2 
   
 
 
   Machinery and equipment 
   
   
 320.8 
   
   
 307.6 
   
 
 
   Equipment with customers 
   
   
 41.0 
   
   
 40.2 
   
 
 
   Software 
   
   
 99.6 
   
   
 99.2 
   
 
 
   Construction in progress 
   
   
 50.9 
   
   
 27.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 808.3 
   
   
 764.7 
   
 
 
   Accumulated depreciation 
   
   
 (365.4 
 ) 
   
 (343.1 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 442.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 421.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Long-term accounts receivable, net(a) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Long-term trade accounts receivable 
   
 
 
$ 
 12.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 14.1 
   
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
   
   
 (6.2 
 ) 
   
 (6.8 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 5.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Accrued and other liabilities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Employee compensation and withholdings 
   
 
 
$ 
 190.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 101.1 
   
 
 
   Clinical trial accruals 
   
   
 36.6 
   
   
 37.2 
   
 
 
   Property, payroll and other taxes 
   
   
 32.7 
   
   
 31.6 
   
 
 
   Accrued rebates 
   
   
 11.7 
   
   
 15.0 
   
 
 
   Taxes payable 
   
   
 9.1 
   
   
 7.1 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 8.3 
   
   
 7.2 
   
 
 
   Realignment reserves 
   
   
 7.7 
   
   
 9.5 
   
 
 
   Litigation reserves (Note 17) 
   
   
 4.4 
   
   
 4.5 
   
 
 
   Fair value of derivatives 
   
   
 2.6 
   
   
 13.1 
   
 
 
   Other accrued liabilities 
   
   
 72.6 
   
   
 70.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 376.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 297.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) As
of December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company's accounts receivables, net of the allowance for doubtful accounts, from customers in certain European
countries were $69.7 million and $104.7 million, respectively. Balances from customers located in these countries that are expected to be collected beyond one year have been discounted
to present value based on the estimated collection date.  
  
  61 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


7. INVESTMENTS   

 

 


 


 Debt Securities    

 

         Investments in debt securities at the end of each period were as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31, 2014  
   
 December 31, 2013  
   
 
 
 Held-to-maturity

 

  
   
 Cost  
   
 Gross 
Unrealized 
Gains  
   
 Gross 
Unrealized 
Losses  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 Cost  
   
 Gross 
Unrealized 
Gains  
   
 Gross 
Unrealized 
Losses  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 
 
   Bank time deposits 
   
 
 
$ 
 661.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 661.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 516.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 

 
$ 
 516.5 
   
 
 
   Commercial paper 
   
   
 80.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 80.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   U.S. government and agency securities 
   
   
 58.9 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 58.9 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Asset-backed securities 
   
   
 8.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 8.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Corporate debt securities 
   
   
 24.7 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 24.7 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Municipal securities 
   
   
 6.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 839.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 839.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 516.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 516.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Available-for-sale 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Commercial paper 
   
 
 
$ 
 13.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 13.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   U.S. government and agency securities 
   
   
 1.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Asset-backed securities 
   
   
 42.9 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 42.9 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Corporate debt securities 
   
   
 103.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 103.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 160.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.4 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 160.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
cost and fair value of investments in debt securities, by contractual maturity, as of December 31, 2014 were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Held-to-Maturity  
   
 Available-for-Sale  
   
 
 
   
   
 Cost  
   
 Fair Value  
   
 Cost  
   
 Fair Value  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Due in 1 year or less 
   
 
 
$ 
 767.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 767.1 
   
 

 
$ 
 17.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 17.9 
   
 
 
   Due after 1 year through 5 years 
   
   
 49.2 
   
   
 49.2 
   
   
 99.7 
   
   
 99.3 
   
 
 
   Instruments not due at a single maturity date 
   
   
 23.1 
   
   
 23.1 
   
   
 42.9 
   
   
 42.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 839.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 839.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 160.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 160.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Actual
maturities may differ from the contractual maturities due to call or prepayment rights.  

 62 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


7. INVESTMENTS (Continued)  

 

 


 


 Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates    

 

         The Company has a number of equity investments in privately and publicly held companies. Investments in these unconsolidated affiliates
are recorded in " Long-term Investments " on the consolidated balance sheets, and are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Available-for-sale investments 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cost 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.4 
   
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 0.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Fair value of available-for-sale investments 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 0.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Equity method investments 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cost 
   
   
 12.8 
   
   
 14.1 
   
 
 
   Equity in losses 
   
   
 (3.5 
 ) 
   
 (2.7 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Carrying value of equity method investments 
   
   
 9.3 
   
   
 11.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cost method investments 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Carrying value of cost method investments 
   
   
 16.7 
   
   
 9.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total investments in unconsolidated affiliates 
   
 
 
$ 
 26.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 21.9  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          In
December 2014, the Company made a $10.0 million investment in one of its existing cost method investees, CardioKinetix, Inc. ("CardioKinetix"), for a total investment
carrying value of $14.4 million. As part of the agreement, the Company also paid $15.0 million, included in " Other Assets, " for an
exclusive option to acquire CardioKinetix for up to $375.0 million, depending upon the achievement of certain milestones and regulatory approvals. CardioKinetix is pioneering a catheter-based
treatment for heart failure that is currently in the clinical testing phase, and is financed primarily through equity investments. CardioKinetix is a VIE; however, the Company has determined that it
is not CardioKinetix's primary beneficiary since the Company does not have the power to direct CardioKinetix's activities that most significantly impact its economic performance. The Company made this
determination based on the development stage of CardioKinetix's product; the Company's inability to exercise influence over CardioKinetix, based on the Company's ownership percentage and voting
rights, as well as its lack of involvement in day-to-day operations and management decisions; and the fact that the option to acquire CardioKinetix is currently significantly out of the money.
Accordingly, the Company accounts for this investment as a cost method investment. The Company's maximum exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with CardioKinetix is limited to the carrying
amount of its investment and the cost of the option to acquire CardioKinetix.  

         During
2014, 2013, and 2012, the gross realized gains or losses from sales of available-for-sale investments were not material.  

 63 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   Table of Contents   

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

 


 


8.    GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS   

 
        The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill, by segment, during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 United 
States  
   
 Europe  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Goodwill at December 31, 2012 
   
 
 
$ 
 308.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 76.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 384.7 
   
 
 
   Currency translation adjustment 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.7 
   
   
 0.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Goodwill at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 308.3 
   
   
 77.1 
   
   
 385.4 
   
 
 
   Currency translation adjustment 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (9.4 
 ) 
   
 (9.4 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Goodwill at December 31, 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 308.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 67.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 376.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Other
intangible assets consist of the following (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 Cost  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Net 
Carrying 
Value  
   
 Cost  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Net 
Carrying 
Value  
   
 
 
   Amortizable intangible assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Patents 
   
 
 
$ 
 181.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 (168.6 
 ) 
 

 
$ 
 12.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 181.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 (163.5 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 18.1 
   
 
 
   Developed technology 
   
   
 45.6 
   
   
 (36.7 
 ) 
   
 8.9 
   
   
 43.3 
   
   
 (35.1 
 ) 
   
 8.2 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 10.4 
   
   
 (8.4 
 ) 
   
 2.0 
   
   
 10.7 
   
   
 (8.1 
 ) 
   
 2.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 237.1 
   
   
 (213.7 
 ) 
   
 23.4 
   
   
 235.6 
   
   
 (206.7 
 ) 
   
 28.9 
   
 
 
   Unamortizable intangible assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   IPR&D 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 237.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 (213.7 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 23.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 240.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 (206.7 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 33.5  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
net carrying value of patents as of December 31, 2013 has been adjusted to reflect the Company's change in its method of accounting for certain legal costs related to the
defense and enforcement of issued patents. For further information, see Note 3.  

         Goodwill
and IPR&D resulting from purchase business combinations are not subject to amortization. Other acquired intangible assets with definite lives are amortized on a straight-line
basis over their expected useful lives. The Company expenses costs incurred to renew or extend the term of acquired intangible assets.  

         On
March 11, 2011, the Company acquired all the outstanding shares of Embrella. IPR&D acquired as part of the acquisition was capitalized at fair value, which was determined using
the income approach. At the time of the valuation, it was assumed that approximately $4.4 million of additional research and development expenditures would be incurred prior to the date of
product introduction and that net cash inflows would commence in late 2013. In the fourth quarter of 2013, the Company recorded a $5.9 million impairment charge because the carrying amount of
the IPR&D was determined to be in excess of its estimated fair value due to a significant decrease in estimated future unit sales. The impaired IPR&D was reported in the Company's Europe segment. The
decrease in estimated future unit sales was due to recent medical findings that diminished concern surrounding embolic protection devices with transcatheter aortic valve replacement procedures.  

 64 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


8.    GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)  

         On
October 9, 2012, the Company acquired all the outstanding shares of BMEYE, B.V. IPR&D acquired as part of the acquisition was capitalized at fair value, which was
determined using the income approach. The valuation assumed approximately $8.4 million of additional research and development expenditures would be incurred prior to the date of product
introduction. In the valuation, net cash inflows were forecasted to commence in 2014. During the fourth quarter of 2013, the Company transferred $0.8 million of the IPR&D to developed
technology because the Company received CE Mark for the product in Europe. In June 2014, the Company transferred the remaining IPR&D to developed technology because the Company had received United
States Food and Drug Administration approval for the product.  

         Amortization
expense related to other intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 was $8.4 million, $9.9 million, and
$9.7 million, respectively. Estimated amortization expense for each of the years ending December 31 is as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.3 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 7.2 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 6.6 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 1.3 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 0.8 
   
 
 
 
  
  


 


9.    DEBT, CREDIT FACILITIES AND LEASE OBLIGATIONS   

 
        In October 2013, the Company issued $600.0 million of fixed-rate unsecured senior notes (the "Notes"). Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears, with payment due in April and
October. The Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at specified redemption prices. In addition, upon the occurrence of certain change of control
triggering events, the Company may be required to repurchase all or a portion of the Notes at a price equal to 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Notes also include
covenants that limit the Company's ability to incur secured indebtedness, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, and consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of its assets. The
following is a summary of the Notes as of December 31, 2014 and 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 Amount  
   
 Effective 
Interest Rate  
   
 Amount  
   
 Effective 
Interest Rate  
   
 
 
   Fixed-rate 2.875% notes due October 15, 2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 600.0 
   
   
 2.983 
 % 
 
 
$ 
 600.0 
   
   
 2.983 
 % 
 
 
   Unamortized discount 
   
   
 (2.3 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
 (2.9 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Hedge accounting fair value adjustments (see Note 11) 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
   
   
   
 (4.0 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Total carrying amount 
   
 
 
$ 
 598.1 
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 593.1 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          As
of December 31, 2014, the fair value of the Notes, based on Level 2 inputs, was $610.4 million. As of December 31, 2013, the fair value of the Notes
approximated the face value of the Notes. Issuance costs of $5.4 million, as well as the issuance discount on the Notes, are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Notes.  

         In
July 2014, the Company entered into a Five-Year Credit Agreement ("the Credit Agreement") which matures on July 18, 2019, and the previous Four-Year Credit Agreement was
terminated. The Credit Agreement provides up to an aggregate of $750.0 million in borrowings in multiple currencies. The Company  

 65 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


9.    DEBT, CREDIT FACILITIES AND LEASE OBLIGATIONS (Continued)  

 may
increase the amount available under the Credit Agreement, subject to agreement of the lenders, by up to an additional $250.0 million in the aggregate. Borrowings generally bear interest at
the London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") plus a spread ranging from 1.0% to 1.5%, depending on the leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Company also pays a facility fee ranging
from 0.125% to 0.25%, depending on the leverage ratio, on the entire credit commitment available, whether or not drawn. The facility fee is expensed as incurred. During 2014, there were no borrowings
under the Credit Agreement, and the facility fee was 0.15%. Issuance costs of $3.0 million are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement is
unsecured and contains various financial and other covenants, including a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Company was in
compliance with all covenants at December 31, 2014.  

         During
2014, the spread over LIBOR for borrowings under the previous Four-Year Credit Agreement ranged from 0.975% to 1.2%, and the facility fee ranged from 0.15% to 0.175%.  


         The
weighted-average interest rate under all debt obligations was 2.7% at both December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

         Certain
facilities and equipment are leased under operating leases expiring at various dates. Most of the operating leases contain renewal options. Total expense for all operating leases
was $22.9 million, $25.9 million, and $23.9 million for the years 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.  


         Future
minimum lease payments (including interest) under non-cancelable operating leases and aggregate debt maturities at December 31, 2014 were as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Operating 
Leases  
   
 Aggregate 
Debt 
Maturities  
   
 
 
   2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 20.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 16.4 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 11.3 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 8.0 
   
   
 600.0 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 5.6 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 18.5 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total obligations and commitments 
   
 
 
$ 
 80.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 600.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


10.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS   

 
        The consolidated financial statements include financial instruments for which the fair market value of such instruments may differ from amounts reflected on a historical cost basis.
Financial instruments of the Company consist of cash deposits, accounts and other receivables, investments, accounts payable, certain accrued liabilities, and borrowings under the Credit Agreement.
The carrying value of these financial instruments generally approximates fair value due to their short-term nature. Financial instruments also include notes payable. See Note 9 for further
information on the fair value of the Notes.  

         Fair
value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. The Company prioritizes
the inputs used to determine fair values in one of the following three categories:  

         Level 1—Quoted
market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  

 66 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


10.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)  

         Level 2—Inputs,
other than quoted prices in active markets, that are observable, either directly or indirectly.  

         Level 3—Unobservable
inputs that are not corroborated by market data.  

         In
certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the
fair value measurement in its entirety falls has been determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.  

 

 


 


Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis   

 

         The following table summarizes the Company's financial instruments which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of
December 31, 2014 and 2013 (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 December 31, 2014

 

  
   
 Level 1  
   
 Level 2  
   
 Level 3  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash equivalents 
   
 

 
$ 
 32.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 12.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 44.6 
   
 
 
   Available-for-sale investments: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Corporate debt securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 103.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 103.2 
   
 
 
   Asset-backed securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 42.9 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 42.9 
   
 
 
   U.S. government and agency securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1.0 
   
 
 
   Commercial paper 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 13.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 13.0 
   
 
 
   Equity investments in unconsolidated affiliates 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.4 
   
 
 
   Investments held for deferred compensation plan 
   
   
 28.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 28.2 
   
 
 
   Derivatives 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 50.7 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 50.7  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 61.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 222.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 284.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Liabilities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Derivatives 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.6 
   
 
 
   Deferred compensation plan 
   
   
 28.7 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 28.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 28.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.6 
   
 

 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 31.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  

  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 December 31, 2013

 

  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Investments held for deferred compensation plan 
   
 
 
$ 
 15.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 15.1 
   
 
 
   Available-for-sale investments: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Equity investments in unconsolidated affiliates 
   
   
 0.8 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.8 
   
 
 
   Derivatives 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 13.8 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 13.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 15.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 13.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 29.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Liabilities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Derivatives 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 17.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 17.2 
   
 
 
   Deferred compensation plan 
   
   
 15.5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 15.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 15.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 17.2 
   
 

 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 32.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  67 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   Table of Contents   

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   


 


 


10.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)   

 

 


 


Cash Equivalents and Available-for-sale Investments   

 

         The Company estimates the fair values of its money market funds based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. The
Company estimates the fair values of its commercial paper, U.S. government and agency securities, asset-backed securities, and corporate debt securities by taking into consideration valuations
obtained from third-party pricing services. The pricing services use industry standard valuation models, including both income and market-based approaches, for which all significant inputs are
observable, either directly or indirectly, to estimate fair value. These inputs include reported trades and broker-dealer quotes on the same or similar securities, benchmark yields, credit spreads,
prepayment and default projections based on historical data, and other observable inputs. The Company independently reviews and validates the pricing received from the third-party pricing service by
comparing the prices to prices reported by a secondary pricing source. The Company's validation procedures have not resulted in an adjustment to the pricing received from the pricing service.  

         Investments
in unconsolidated affiliates are long-term equity investments in companies that are in various stages of development. Certain of the Company's investments in unconsolidated
affiliates are designated as available-for-sale. These investments are carried at fair market value based on quoted market prices.  

 

 


 


Deferred Compensation Plan   

 

         The Company holds investments in trading securities related to its executive deferred compensation plan. The investments are in a
variety of stock and bond mutual funds. The fair values of these investments and the corresponding liabilities are based on quoted market prices.  

 

 


 


Derivative Instruments   

 

         The Company uses derivative financial instruments in the form of foreign currency forward exchange contracts and foreign currency
option contracts to manage foreign currency exposures, and interest rate swap agreements to manage its interest rate exposures. All derivatives contracts are recognized on the balance sheet at their
fair value. The fair value of foreign currency derivative financial instruments was estimated based on quoted market foreign exchange rates and market discount rates as of December 31, 2014 and
2013. The fair value of the interest rate swap agreements was determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis reflecting the contractual terms of the agreements and the 6-month LIBOR
forward interest rate curve. Judgment was employed in interpreting market data to develop estimates of fair value; accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the
amounts that the Company could realize in a current market exchange. The use of different market assumptions or valuation methodologies could have a material effect on the estimated fair value
amounts.  

 68 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


11.    DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES   


 
        The Company uses derivative financial instruments to manage its currency exchange rate risk and its interest rate risk as summarized below. Notional amounts are stated in United States
dollar equivalents at spot exchange rates at the respective dates. The Company does not enter into these arrangements for trading or speculation purposes.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Notional Amount  
   
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 
2014  
   
 December 31, 
2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
   
 
 
$ 
 761.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 805.5 
   
 
 
   Interest rate swap agreements 
   
   
 300.0 
   
   
 300.0 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency option contracts 
   
   
 9.2 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
following table presents the location and fair value amounts of derivative instruments reported in the consolidated balance sheets (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Fair Value  
   
 
 
   
   
 Balance Sheet Location  
   
 December 31, 
2014  
   
 December 31, 
2013  
   
 
 
   Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency contracts 
   
 Other current assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 45.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 13.8 
   
 
 
   Interest rate swap agreements 
   
 Other assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Liabilities 
   
     
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Foreign currency contracts 
   
 Accrued and other liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 13.2 
   
 
 
   Interest rate swap agreements 
   
 Other long-term liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.0 
   
 
 
   Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
   
     
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency contracts 
   
 Other assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 5.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
 
  
  69 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


11.    DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES (Continued)  


         The
following table presents the effect of master-netting agreements and rights of offset on the consolidated balance sheets (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross Amounts 
Not Offset in 
the Consolidated 
Balance Sheet  
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
 Gross Amounts 
Offset in the 
Consolidated 
Balance Sheet  
   
 Net Amounts 
Presented in the 
Consolidated 
Balance Sheet  
   
   
   
 
 
 December 31, 2014

 

  
   
 Gross 
Amounts  
   
 Financial 
Instruments  
   
 Cash 
Collateral 
Received  
   
 Net 
Amount  
   
 
 
   Derivative Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency contracts 
   
 
 
$ 
 50.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 

 
$ 
 50.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 (2.6 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 47.7 
   
 
 
   Interest rate swap agreements 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.4 
   
 
 
   Derivative Liabilities 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Foreign currency contracts 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 (2.6 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 December 31, 2013

 

  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Derivative Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency contracts 
   
 
 
$ 
 13.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 13.8 
   
 

 
$ 
 (9.5 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.3 
   
 
 
   Derivative Liabilities 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Foreign currency contracts 
   
 
 
$ 
 13.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 13.2 
   
 

 
$ 
 (9.5 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.7 
   
 
 
   Interest rate swap agreements 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.0 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
following tables present the effect of derivative instruments on the consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of comprehensive income (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Amount of 
Gain or (Loss) 
Recognized in 
OCI on 
Derivative 
(Effective 
Portion)  
   
   
   
 Amount of 
Gain or (Loss) 
Reclassified 
from 
Accumulated 
OCI into 
Income  
   
 
 
   
   
 Location of Gain or 
(Loss) Reclassified 
from Accumulated 
OCI into Income  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency contracts 
   
 
 
$ 
 54.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 16.3 
   
 Cost of sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 21.5 
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Amount of Gain or 
(Loss) Recognized in 
Income on Derivative  
   
 
 
   
   
 Location of Gain or 
(Loss) Recognized in 
Income on Derivative  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Derivatives in fair value hedging relationships 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest rate swap agreements 
   
 Interest expense 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.4 
   
 

 
$ 
 (4.0 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
 
  
  70 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


11.    DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES (Continued)  


         The
gains and losses on the interest rate swap agreements are fully offset by the changes in the fair value of the fixed-rate debt being hedged.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Amount of Gain or 
(Loss) Recognized in 
Income on Derivative  
   
 
 
   
   
 Location of Gain or 
(Loss) Recognized in 
Income on Derivative  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency contracts 
   
 Other expense, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 13.7 
   
 

 
$ 
 18.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.4 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company expects that during 2015 it will reclassify to earnings a $9.9 million gain currently recorded in " Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Loss ."  

         For
the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, the Company did not record any gains or losses due to hedge ineffectiveness.  

 71 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


 


 


12.    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS   

 


 


Defined Benefit Plans   

         Edwards Lifesciences maintains defined benefit pension plans in Japan and certain European countries. Information regarding the
Company's defined benefit pension plans is as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Change in projected benefit obligation: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Beginning of year 
   
 
 
$ 
 111.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 108.0 
   
 
 
   Service cost 
   
   
 6.3 
   
   
 7.6 
   
 
 
   Interest cost 
   
   
 2.2 
   
   
 2.0 
   
 
 
   Participant contributions 
   
   
 1.9 
   
   
 1.9 
   
 
 
   Actuarial loss (gain) 
   
   
 12.0 
   
   
 (5.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Benefits paid 
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Plan amendment 
   
   
 (1.0 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Currency exchange rate changes and other 
   
   
 (9.8 
 ) 
   
 (2.7 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   End of year 
   
 
 
$ 
 123.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 111.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Change in fair value of plan assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Beginning of year 
   
 
 
$ 
 68.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 57.2 
   
 
 
   Actual return on plan assets 
   
   
 4.2 
   
   
 4.4 
   
 
 
   Employer contributions 
   
   
 5.0 
   
   
 6.7 
   
 
 
   Participant contributions 
   
   
 1.9 
   
   
 1.9 
   
 
 
   Benefits paid 
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Currency exchange rate changes and other 
   
   
 (6.1 
 ) 
   
 (1.7 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   End of year 
   
 
 
$ 
 73.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 68.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Funded Status 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Projected benefit obligation 
   
 
 
$ 
 (123.1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (111.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Plan assets at fair value 
   
   
 73.8 
   
   
 68.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Underfunded status 
   
 
 
$ 
 (49.3 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (42.7 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Net amounts recognized on the consolidated balance sheet: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Other long-term liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 49.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 42.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net actuarial loss 
   
 
 
$ 
 (24.1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (16.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Net prior service credit 
   
   
 2.6 
   
   
 2.1 
   
 
 
   Deferred income tax benefit 
   
   
 4.7 
   
   
 3.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 (16.8 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (11.2 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
accumulated benefit obligation ("ABO") for all defined benefit pension plans was $109.3 million and $99.3 million as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
The projected benefit obligation and ABO were in excess of plan assets for all pension plans as of December 31, 2014 and 2013.  

 72 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   Table of Contents   

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

 



 


12.    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)   

 
        The components of net periodic benefit cost are as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Service cost, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 6.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.2 
   
 
 
   Interest cost 
   
   
 2.2 
   
   
 2.0 
   
   
 2.3 
   
 
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
   
   
 (1.6 
 ) 
   
 (1.2 
 ) 
   
 (1.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Curtailment gain 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Amortization of actuarial loss 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 0.8 
   
 
 
   Amortization of prior service credit 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Amortization of transition obligation 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.1  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net periodic pension benefit cost 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 9.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 8.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
net actuarial loss and prior service credit that will be amortized from " Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss " into net periodic
benefits cost in 2015 are expected to be $1.1 million and $(0.4) million, respectively.  

         Expected
long-term returns for each of the plans' strategic asset classes were developed through consultation with investment advisors. Several factors were considered, including survey
of investment managers' expectations, current market data, minimum guaranteed returns in certain insurance contracts, and historical market returns over long periods. Using policy target allocation
percentages and the asset class expected returns, a weighted-average expected return was calculated.  

         To
select the discount rates for the defined benefit pension plans, the Company uses a modeling process that involves matching the expected duration of its benefit plans to a yield curve
constructed from a portfolio of AA-rated fixed-income debt instruments, or their equivalent. For each country, the Company uses the implied yield of this hypothetical portfolio at the appropriate
duration as a discount rate benchmark.  

         The
weighted-average assumptions used to determine the benefit obligations are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Discount rate 
   
   
 1.4 
 % 
   
 2.2 
 % 
 
 
   Rate of compensation increase 
   
   
 3.0 
 % 
   
 3.1 
 % 
 
 
   Social securities increase 
   
   
 1.6 
 % 
   
 1.8 
 % 
 
 
   Pension increase 
   
   
 2.0 
 % 
   
 2.0 
 % 
 
 
 
  
  73 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


12.    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)  


         The
weighted-average assumptions used to determine the net periodic benefit cost are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Discount rate 
   
   
 2.2 
 % 
   
 1.9 
 % 
   
 2.5 
 % 
 
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
   
   
 2.6 
 % 
   
 2.1 
 % 
   
 2.6 
 % 
 
 
   Rate of compensation increase 
   
   
 3.1 
 % 
   
 3.1 
 % 
   
 3.1 
 % 
 
 
   Social securities increase 
   
   
 1.8 
 % 
   
 1.8 
 % 
   
 1.8 
 % 
 
 
   Pension increase 
   
   
 2.0 
 % 
   
 2.0 
 % 
   
 2.0 
 % 
 
 
 
  
  

 


 


Plan Assets   

 

         The Company's investment strategy for plan assets is to seek a competitive rate of return relative to an appropriate level of risk and
to earn performance rates of return in accordance with the benchmarks adopted for each asset class. Risk management practices include diversification across asset classes and investment styles, and
periodic rebalancing toward asset allocation targets.  

         The
Administrative and Investment Committee decides on the defined benefit plan provider in each location and that provider decides the target allocation for the Company's defined
benefit plan at that location. The target asset allocation selected reflects a risk/return profile the Company feels is appropriate relative to the plans' liability structure and return goals. In
certain plans, asset allocations may be governed by local requirements. Target weighted-average asset allocations at December 31, 2014, by asset category, are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Insurance contracts 
   
   
 80.7 
 % 
 
 
   Equity securities 
   
   
 10.4 
 % 
 
 
   Debt securities 
   
   
 8.9 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  74 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


12.    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)  


         The
fair values of the Company's defined benefit plan assets at December 31, 2014 and 2013, by asset category, are as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 December 31, 2014

 

  
   
 Level 1  
   
 Level 2  
   
 Level 3  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   Asset Category 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash 
   
 

 
$ 
 0.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.5 
   
 
 
   Equity securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States equities 
   
   
 2.8 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2.8 
   
 
 
   International equities 
   
   
 6.8 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6.8 
   
 
 
   Debt securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States government bonds 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.6 
   
 
 
   International government bonds 
   
   
 4.7 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4.7 
   
 
 
   Insurance contracts 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 58.4 
   
   
 58.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 15.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 58.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 73.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   December 31, 2013

 

  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Asset Category 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 

 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.8 
   
 
 
   Equity securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States equities 
   
   
 2.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2.1 
   
 
 
   International equities 
   
   
 5.9 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5.9 
   
 
 
   Debt securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States government bonds 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.6 
   
 
 
   International government bonds 
   
   
 4.5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4.5 
   
 
 
   Insurance contracts 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 54.6 
   
   
 54.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 13.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 54.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 68.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
following table summarizes the changes in fair value of the Company's defined benefit plan assets that have been classified as Level 3 for the years ended December 31,
2014 and 2013 (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Insurance 
Contracts  
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
   
 
 
$ 
 45.7 
   
 
 
   Actual return on plan assets: 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Relating to assets still held at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 0.9 
   
 
 
   Relating to assets sold during 2013 
   
   
 0.1 
   
 
 
   Purchases, sales and settlements 
   
   
 6.9 
   
 
 
   Currency exchange rate impact 
   
   
 1.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 54.6 
   
 
 
   Actual return on plan assets: 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Relating to assets still held at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 3.0 
   
 
 
   Purchases, sales and settlements 
   
   
 4.9 
   
 
 
   Currency exchange rate impact 
   
   
 (4.1 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 58.4  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  75 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


12.    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)  

         Equity
and debt securities are valued at fair value based on quoted market prices reported on the active markets on which the individual securities are traded. The insurance contracts
are valued at the cash surrender value of the contracts, which is deemed to approximate its fair value.  


         The
following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, at December 31, 2014, are expected to be paid (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   2015 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.7 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 5.5 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 4.2 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 4.2 
   
 
 
   2019 
   
   
 4.1 
   
 
 
   2020-2024 
   
   
 32.3 
   
 
 
 
  
          As
of December 31, 2014, expected employer contributions for 2015 are $5.8 million.  

 


 


Defined Contribution Plans   

         The Company's employees in the United States and Puerto Rico are eligible to participate in a qualified 401(k) and 1165(e) plan,
respectively. In the United States, participants may contribute up to 25% of their eligible compensation (subject to tax code limitation) to the plan. Edwards Lifesciences matches the first 3% of the
participant's annual eligible compensation contributed to the plan on a dollar-for-dollar basis. Edwards Lifesciences matches the next 2% of the participant's annual eligible compensation to the plan
on a 50% basis. In Puerto Rico, participants may contribute up to 25% of their annual compensation (subject to tax code limitation) to the plan. Edwards Lifesciences matches the first 4% of
participant's annual eligible compensation contributed to the plan on a 50% basis. The Company also provides a 2% profit sharing contribution calculated on eligible earnings for each employee.
Matching contributions relating to Edwards Lifesciences employees were $12.8 million, $12.0 million, and $10.8 million in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.  


         The
Company also has nonqualified deferred compensation plans for a select group of employees. The plans provide eligible participants the opportunity to defer eligible compensation to
future dates specified by the participant with a return based on investment alternatives selected by the participant. The amount accrued under these nonqualified plans was $28.7 million and
$25.9 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

 


 


13.    COMMON STOCK   


 


 


Treasury Stock   

         In May 2013, the Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the Company to purchase up to $750.0 million
of the Company's common stock from time to time until December 31, 2016. In July 2014, the Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program providing for an additional
$750.0 million of repurchases without a specified end date. Stock repurchased under these programs will be used to offset obligations under the Company's employee stock option programs and
reduce the total shares outstanding.  

         During
2014, 2013, and 2012, the Company repurchased 4.4 million, 6.8 million, and 4.0 million shares, respectively, at an aggregate cost of $300.9 million,
$497.0 million, and $353.2 million, respectively, including shares purchased under the accelerated share repurchase ("ASR") agreements described below and shares  

 76 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


13.    COMMON STOCK (Continued)  

 acquired
to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees. The timing and size of any future stock repurchases are subject to a variety of
factors, including market conditions, stock prices, and other cash requirements.  

 

 


 


 Accelerated Share Repurchase    

 

         During 2013 and 2012, the Company entered into ASR agreements providing for the repurchase of the Company's common stock based on the
volume-weighted average price ("VWAP") of the Company's common stock during the terms of the agreements, less a discount. The ASR agreements were subject to collar provisions that established minimum
and maximum number of shares to be repurchased. The following table summarizes the terms of the ASR agreements (dollars and shares in millions, except per-share data):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Initial Delivery  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
 Final Settlement  
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Value of 
Shares as % 
of Contract 
Value  
   
 
 
 Agreement Date

 

  
   
 Amount 
Paid  
   
 Shares 
Received  
   
 Price per 
Share  
   
 Settlement 
Date  
   
 Total Shares 
Received  
   
 Average Price 
per Share  
   
 
 
   February 2012 
   
 
 
$ 
 54.0 
   
   
 0.6 
   
 

 
$ 
 72.40 
   
   
 80 
 % 
 May 2012 
   
   
 0.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 75.12 
   
 
 
   May 2012 
   
 
 
$ 
 50.0 
   
   
 0.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 84.81 
   
   
 80 
 % 
 August 2012 
   
   
 0.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 97.50 
   
 
 
   November 2012 
   
 
 
$ 
 100.0 
   
   
 1.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 85.73 
   
   
 90 
 % 
 February 2013 
   
   
 1.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 88.93 
   
 
 
   August 2013 
   
 
 
$ 
 250.0 
   
   
 3.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 72.39 
   
   
 90 
 % 
 October 2013 
   
   
 3.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 71.24 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
ASR agreements were accounted for as two separate transactions: (a) the value of the initial delivery of shares was recorded as shares of common stock acquired in a treasury
stock transaction on the acquisition date and (b) the remaining amount of the purchase price paid was recorded as a forward contract indexed to the Company's own common stock and was recorded
in " Additional Paid-in Capital " on the consolidated balance sheets. The initial delivery of shares resulted in an immediate reduction of the outstanding
shares used to calculate the weighted-average common shares outstanding for basic and diluted earnings per share. The Company determined that the forward contract indexed to the Company's common stock
met all the applicable criteria for equity classification and, therefore, was not accounted for as a derivative instrument.  

 


 


Employee and Director Stock Plans   

         The Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Long-term Stock Incentive Compensation Program (the "Program") provides for the grant of incentive
and non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, and restricted stock units for eligible employees and contractors of the Company. Under the Program, these grants are awarded at a price equal to the
fair market value at the date of grant based upon the closing price on that date. Options to purchase shares of the Company's common stock granted under the Program generally vest over predetermined
periods of between three to four years and expire seven years after the date of grant. Restricted stock units of the Company's common stock granted under the Program generally vest over predetermined
periods ranging from three to five years after the date of grant. Market-based restricted stock units of the Company's common stock granted under the Program vest based on a combination of certain
service and market conditions. The actual number of shares issued will be determined based on the Company's total shareholder return relative to a selected industry peer group over a three-year
performance period, and may range from 0% to 175% of the targeted number of shares granted. On May 8, 2014, an amendment and restatement of the Program was approved by the Company's
stockholders. Under the amended Program, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the Program was 50.9 million shares. No more than 4.6 million shares reserved
for issuance may be granted in the form of restricted stock or restricted stock units.  

 77 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   Table of Contents   

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

 


 


13.    COMMON STOCK (Continued)   

 
        The Company also maintains the Nonemployee Directors Stock Incentive Compensation Program (the "Nonemployee Directors Program"). Under the Nonemployee Directors Program, each nonemployee
director may receive annually up to 20,000 stock options or 8,000 restricted stock units of the Company's common stock, or a combination thereof, provided that in no event may the total value of the
combined annual award exceed $0.2 million. Each option and restricted stock unit award granted in 2011 or prior generally vests in
three equal annual installments. Each option and restricted stock unit award granted after 2011 generally vests after one year. Additionally, each nonemployee director may elect to receive all or a
portion of the annual cash retainer to which the director is otherwise entitled through the issuance of stock options or restricted shares. Each option received as a deferral of the cash retainer
immediately vests on the grant date, and each restricted share award vests after one year. Upon a director's initial election to the Board, the director receives an initial grant of stock options
equal to a fair market value on grant date of $0.2 million, not to exceed 10,000 shares. These grants vest over three years from the date of grant. Under the Nonemployee Directors Program, an
aggregate of 1.4 million shares of the Company's common stock has been authorized for issuance.  

         The
Company has an employee stock purchase plan for United States employees and a plan for international employees (collectively "ESPP"). Under the ESPP, eligible employees may purchase
shares of the Company's common stock at 85% of the lower of the fair market value of Edwards Lifesciences common stock on the effective date of subscription or the date of purchase. Under the ESPP,
employees can authorize the Company to withhold up to 12% of their compensation for common stock purchases, subject to certain limitations. The ESPP is available to all active employees of the Company
paid from the United States payroll and to eligible employees of the Company outside the United States, to the extent permitted by local law. The ESPP for United States employees is qualified under
Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. The number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the ESPP was 6.9 million shares.  

         The
fair value of each option award and employee stock purchase subscription is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model that uses the assumptions
noted in the following tables. The risk-free interest rate is estimated using the U.S. Treasury yield curve and is based on the expected term of the award. Expected volatility is estimated based on a
blend of the weighted-average of the historical volatility of Edwards Lifesciences' stock and the implied volatility from traded options on Edwards Lifesciences' stock. The expected term of awards
granted is estimated from the vesting period of the award, as well as historical exercise behavior, and represents the period of time that awards granted are expected to be outstanding. The Company
uses historical data to estimate forfeitures and has estimated an annual forfeiture rate of 5.4%.  

         The
Black-Scholes option pricing model was used with the following weighted-average assumptions for options granted during the following periods:  


 


 


Option Awards   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Average risk-free interest rate 
   
   
 1.5 
 % 
   
 0.8 
 % 
   
 0.7 
 % 
 
 
   Expected dividend yield 
   
   
 None 
   
   
 None 
   
   
 None 
   
 
 
   Expected volatility 
   
   
 31 
 % 
   
 31 
 % 
   
 31 
 % 
 
 
   Expected life (years) 
   
   
 4.6 
   
   
 4.6 
   
   
 4.6 
   
 
 
   Fair value, per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 23.50 
   
 
 
$ 
 19.47 
   
 
 
$ 
 23.93 
   
 
 
 
  
  78 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


13.    COMMON STOCK (Continued)  

         The
Black-Scholes option pricing model was used with the following weighted-average assumptions for ESPP subscriptions granted during the following periods:  

 


 


ESPP   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Average risk-free interest rate 
   
   
 0.1 
 % 
   
 0.1 
 % 
   
 0.1 
 % 
 
 
   Expected dividend yield 
   
   
 None 
   
   
 None 
   
   
 None 
   
 
 
   Expected volatility 
   
   
 30 
 % 
   
 33 
 % 
   
 33 
 % 
 
 
   Expected life (years) 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 0.6 
   
 
 
   Fair value, per share 
   
 
 
$ 
 17.19 
   
 
 
$ 
 19.87 
   
 
 
$ 
 21.30 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
fair value of market-based restricted stock units was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which uses multiple input variables to determine the probability of satisfying
the market condition requirements. The weighted-average assumptions used to determine the fair value of the market-based restricted stock units during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013,
and 2012 included a risk-free interest rate of 0.9%, 0.4%, and 0.3%, respectively, and an expected volatility rate of 31.7%, 33.4%, and 30.4%, respectively.  


         Stock
option activity during the year ended December 31, 2014 under the Program and the Nonemployee Directors Program was as follows (in millions, except years and per-share
amounts):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Shares  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Exercise 
Price  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Remaining 
Contractual 
Term  
   
 Aggregate 
Intrinsic Value  
   
 
 
   Outstanding as of December 31, 2013 
   
   
 7.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 56.37 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Options granted 
   
   
 1.4 
   
   
 83.13 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Options exercised 
   
   
 (2.4 
 ) 
   
 38.47 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Options forfeited 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 78.20 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Outstanding as of December 31, 2014 
   
   
 6.4 
   
   
 67.86 
   
 3.9 years 
   
 
 
$ 
 381.3  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Exercisable as of December 31, 2014 
   
   
 3.9 
   
   
 59.84 
   
 2.9 years 
   
   
 264.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2014 
   
   
 6.1 
   
   
 67.30 
   
 3.9 years 
   
   
 368.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  79 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


13.    COMMON STOCK (Continued)  


         The
following table summarizes nonvested restricted stock unit activity during the year ended December 31, 2014 under the Program and the Nonemployee Directors Program (in
millions, except per-share amounts):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Shares  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Grant-Date 
Fair Value  
   
 
 
   Nonvested as of December 31, 2013 
   
   
 0.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 75.87 
   
 
 
   Granted(a) 
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
 85.01 
   
 
 
   Vested 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
   
 68.97  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Nonvested as of December 31, 2014 
   
   
 0.9 
   
   
 80.55  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Includes
39,000 shares of market-based restricted stock units granted during 2014, which represents the targeted number of shares to be issued. As described
above, the actual number of shares ultimately issued will be determined based on the Company's total shareholder return relative to a selected industry peer group.   
  
          The
intrinsic value of stock options exercised and restricted stock units vested during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were $158.8 million,
$73.9 million, and $252.8 million, respectively. The intrinsic value of stock options is calculated as the amount by which the market price of the Company's common stock exceeds the
exercise price of the option. During the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, the Company received cash from exercises of stock options of $93.2 million, $26.3 million,
and $80.5 million, respectively, and realized tax benefits from exercises of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units of $51.9 million, $24.7 million, and
$82.6 million, respectively. The total grant-date fair value of stock options vested during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 were $12.5 million,
$21.8 million, and $19.5 million, respectively.  

         As
of December 31, 2014, the total remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested stock options, restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock units, and
employee stock purchase subscriptions amounted to $83.6 million, which will be amortized over the weighted-average remaining requisite service period of 30 months.  

 80 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


14.    ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   

 
        Presented below is a summary of activity for each component of " Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss " for the years ended
December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012. Foreign currency translation adjustments are generally not adjusted for income taxes as they relate to indefinite investments in non-United States
subsidiaries.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Foreign 
Currency 
Translation 
Adjustments  
   
 Unrealized Gain 
(Loss) on Cash 
Flow Hedges  
   
 Unrealized Gain 
(Loss) on 
Available-for-sale 
Investments  
   
 Unrealized 
Pension 
Costs(a)  
   
 Total 
Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   December 31, 2011 
   
 
 
$ 
 (30.0 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 5.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 (14.5 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (37.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications           
   
   
 4.2 
   
   
 13.7 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 (7.8 
 ) 
   
 10.2 
   
 
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (12.2 
 ) 
   
 0.3 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 (11.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Deferred income tax (expense) benefit 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 1.2 
   
   
 0.7  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   December 31, 2012 
   
   
 (25.8 
 ) 
   
 7.0 
   
   
 1.4 
   
   
 (20.5 
 ) 
   
 (37.9 
 ) 
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications           
   
   
 5.6 
   
   
 16.3 
   
   
 (1.2 
 ) 
   
 9.9 
   
   
 30.6 
   
 
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (21.5 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 1.0 
   
   
 (20.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Deferred income tax benefit (expense) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1.7 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 (1.6 
 ) 
   
 0.2  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   December 31, 2013 
   
   
 (20.2 
 ) 
   
 3.5 
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
 (11.2 
 ) 
   
 (27.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications           
   
   
 (96.2 
 ) 
   
 54.3 
   
   
 (0.8 
 ) 
   
 (7.1 
 ) 
   
 (49.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (7.6 
 ) 
   
 0.4 
   
   
 0.2 
   
   
 (7.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Deferred income tax (expense) benefit 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (17.9 
 ) 
   
 0.1 
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
 (16.5 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   December 31, 2014 
   
 
 
$ 
 (116.4 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 32.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (16.8 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (100.9 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) For
the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, the change in unrealized pension costs consisted of the following (in millions):  
  
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Pre-Tax 
Amount  
   
 Tax Benefit 
(Expense)  
   
 Net of Tax 
Amount  
   
 
 
   2014


 

  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Prior service credit arising during period 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.8 
   
 
 
   Amortization of prior service credit 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.3 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net prior service credit arising during period 
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.5 
   
 
 
   Net actuarial loss arising during period 
   
   
 (7.4 
 ) 
   
 1.3 
   
   
 (6.1 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Unrealized pension costs, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 (6.9 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 1.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 (5.6 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 
 
 
  
  81 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


14.    ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (Continued)  
  
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Pre-Tax 
Amount  
   
 Tax Benefit 
(Expense)  
   
 Net of Tax 
Amount  
   
 
 
   2013 


 

 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Prior service cost arising during period 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Amortization of prior service credit 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.3 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net prior service cost arising during period 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Net actuarial gain arising during period 
   
   
 11.2 
   
   
 (1.6 
 ) 
   
 9.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Unrealized pension costs, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 10.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1.6 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 9.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   2012 

 

 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Prior service cost arising during period 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.2 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Amortization of prior service credit 
   
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.3 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net prior service cost arising during period 
   
   
 (0.5 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.5 
 ) 
 
 
   Net transition obligation amortized during period 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.1 
   
 
 
   Net actuarial loss arising during period 
   
   
 (6.8 
 ) 
   
 1.2 
   
   
 (5.6 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Unrealized pension costs, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 (7.2 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 1.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 (6.0 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
 

  

         The
following table provides information about amounts reclassified from " Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss " (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Affected Line on Consolidated 
Statements of Operations  
 
 
 Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
Components

 

  
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
 
 
   


 


 Gain on cash flow hedges 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 21.5 
   
 Cost of sales 
 
 
   
   
   
 (2.9 
 ) 
   
 (8.4 
 ) 
 Provision for income taxes  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   


 


 
 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 13.1 
   
 Net of tax  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   Loss on available-for-sale investments 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.4 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 Other expense, net 
 
 
   


 


 
 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 Provision for income taxes  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 

 
$ 
 (0.4 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 Net of tax  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
   


 


 Amortization of pension adjustments 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.2 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (1.0 
 ) 
 (a) 
 
 
   
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.2 
   
 Provision for income taxes  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   



 


 
 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (0.8 
 ) 
 Net of tax  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) This
item is included in the components of net periodic benefit costs. See Note 12 for additional information.   
  
  82 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   Table of Contents   

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

 


 


15.    OTHER EXPENSE, NET   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Promissory note impairment 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Loss on investments 
   
   
 4.5 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 0.7 
   
 
 
   Insurance settlement gain 
   
   
 (3.7 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Foreign exchange losses, net 
   
   
 2.0 
   
   
 1.5 
   
   
 1.2 
   
 
 
   Lease contract termination costs 
   
   
 1.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
   
 (0.2 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total other expense, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 7.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


16.    INCOME TAXES   

 
        The Company's income before provision for income taxes was generated from United States and international operations as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 
 
$ 
 791.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 215.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 140.8 
   
 
 
   International, including Puerto Rico 
   
   
 352.9 
   
   
 295.7 
   
   
 247.4  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 1,144.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 511.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 388.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
provision for income taxes consists of the following (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Current 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Federal 
   
 
 
$ 
 341.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 42.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 87.2 
   
 
 
   State and local 
   
   
 23.3 
   
   
 5.7 
   
   
 5.9 
   
 
 
   International, including Puerto Rico 
   
   
 34.8 
   
   
 27.9 
   
   
 31.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Current income tax expense 
   
   
 399.6 
   
   
 76.1 
   
   
 124.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Deferred 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Federal 
   
   
 (46.4 
 ) 
   
 39.8 
   
   
 (24.9 
 ) 
 
 
   State and local 
   
   
 (8.1 
 ) 
   
 0.8 
   
   
 (2.1 
 ) 
 
 
   International, including Puerto Rico 
   
   
 (12.2 
 ) 
   
 5.4 
   
   
 (1.0 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Deferred income tax (benefit) expense 
   
   
 (66.7 
 ) 
   
 46.0 
   
   
 (28.0 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total income tax provision 
   
 
 
$ 
 332.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 122.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 96.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  83 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


16.    INCOME TAXES (Continued)  


         The
components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   Deferred tax assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Compensation and benefits 
   
 
 
$ 
 82.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 58.2 
   
 
 
   Benefits from uncertain tax positions 
   
   
 41.4 
   
   
 32.6 
   
 
 
   Net tax credit carryforwards 
   
   
 32.1 
   
   
 25.1 
   
 
 
   Net operating loss carryforwards 
   
   
 31.8 
   
   
 33.6 
   
 
 
   Accrued liabilities 
   
   
 25.3 
   
   
 23.0 
   
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 11.7 
   
   
 8.7 
   
 
 
   Cash flow hedges 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3.2 
   
 
 
   State income taxes 
   
   
 6.8 
   
   
 1.4 
   
 
 
   Investments 
   
   
 2.6 
   
   
 2.1 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 4.8 
   
   
 1.8  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
   
 238.8 
   
   
 189.7  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property, plant, and equipment 
   
   
 (25.8 
 ) 
   
 (23.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Cash flow hedges 
   
   
 (11.9 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax on foreign earnings 
   
   
 (4.9 
 ) 
   
 (15.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 (3.1 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other intangible assets 
   
   
 (0.5 
 ) 
   
 (1.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 (1.7 
 ) 
   
 (1.6 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 (47.9 
 ) 
   
 (42.0 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Valuation allowance 
   
   
 (47.7 
 ) 
   
 (46.4 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net deferred tax assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 143.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 101.3  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          During
2014, net deferred tax assets increased $41.9 million, including items that were recorded to stockholders' equity and which did not impact the Company's income tax
provision.  

         The
valuation allowance of $47.7 million as of December 31, 2014 reduces certain deferred tax assets to amounts that are more likely than not to be realized. This allowance
primarily relates to the net operating loss and capital loss carryforwards of certain United States and non-United States subsidiaries, and to the deferred tax assets established for impairment losses
on certain investments and for certain non-United States credit carryforwards.  

         A
valuation allowance of $2.6 million has been provided for other-than-temporary impairments and unrealized losses related to certain investments that may not be recognized due to
the uncertainty of the ready marketability of certain impaired investments.  

 84 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


16.    INCOME TAXES (Continued)  

         Net
operating loss carryforwards and the related carryforward periods at December 31, 2014 are summarized as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Carryforward 
Amount  
   
 Tax Benefit 
Amount  
   
 Valuation 
Allowance  
   
 Net Tax 
Benefit  
   
 Carryforward 
Period Ends  
   
 
 
   United States state net operating losses 
   
 
 
$ 
 16.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 (0.8 
 ) 
 

 
$ 
 0.2 
   
   
 2015-2032 
   
 
 
   Non-United States net operating losses 
   
   
 57.5 
   
   
 14.4 
   
   
 (13.8 
 ) 
   
 0.6 
   
   
 2015-2023 
   
 
 
   Non-United States net operating losses 
   
   
 49.0 
   
   
 16.6 
   
   
 (16.5 
 ) 
   
 0.1 
   
   
 Indefinite  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 122.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 32.0 
   
 

 
$ 
 (31.1 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 0.9 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Tax
credit carryforwards and the related carryforward periods at December 31, 2014 are summarized as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Carryforward 
Amount  
   
 Valuation 
Allowance  
   
 Net Tax 
Benefit  
   
 Carryforward 
Period Ends  
   
 
 
   California research expenditure tax credits 
   
 
 
$ 
 52.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 52.5 
   
   
 Indefinite 
   
 
 
   Puerto Rico purchases credit 
   
   
 13.0 
   
   
 (13.0 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 Indefinite  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 65.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 (13.0 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 52.5 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company has $52.5 million of California research expenditure tax credits it expects to use in future periods. The credits may be carried forward indefinitely. Based upon
anticipated future taxable income, the Company expects that it is more likely than not that all California research expenditure tax credits will be utilized, although the utilization of the full
benefit is expected to occur over a number of years and into the far distant future. Accordingly, no valuation allowance has been provided.  


         The
United States state net operating loss carryforwards include $2.7 million of losses attributable to windfall stock option deductions. A net benefit of $0.2 million will
be recorded to " Additional Paid-in Capital " when realized as a reduction to income taxes payable.  

         Approximately
$7.7 million of the total $52.5 million California research expenditure tax credit carryforwards are attributable to windfall stock option deductions and will
be recorded as a benefit to " Additional Paid-in Capital " when realized as a reduction to income taxes payable.  


         Deferred
income taxes have not been provided on the undistributed earnings of certain of the Company's foreign subsidiaries of approximately $1,652.8 million as of
December 31, 2014 since these amounts are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. It is not practicable to calculate the deferred taxes associated with these earnings
because of the variability of multiple factors that would need to be assessed at the time of any assumed repatriation; however, foreign tax credits would likely be available to reduce federal income
taxes in the event of distribution. In making this assertion, the Company evaluates, among other factors, the profitability of its United States and foreign operations and the need for cash within and
outside the United States, including cash requirements for capital improvement, acquisitions, market expansion, and stock repurchase programs. The Company does not expect any earnings for certain of
its foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested and records the tax impact in net income currently.  

         The
Company has received tax incentives in Puerto Rico, the Dominican Republic, Singapore, and Switzerland. The tax reductions as compared to the local statutory rates favorably impacted
earnings per diluted share for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 by $0.63, $0.44, and $0.39,  

 85 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


16.    INCOME TAXES (Continued)  

 respectively.
The Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, Singapore and Switzerland grants provide the Company's manufacturing operations partial or full exemption from local taxes until the years 2028, 2030
(subject to review beginning in 2015), 2024, and 2015, respectively.  

         A
reconciliation of the United States federal statutory income tax rate to the Company's effective income tax rate is as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Income tax expense at U.S. federal statutory rate 
   
 
 
$ 
 400.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 178.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 135.9 
   
 
 
   Foreign income taxed at different rates 
   
   
 (67.1 
 ) 
   
 (60.6 
 ) 
   
 (41.5 
 ) 
 
 
   State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
   
   
 19.3 
   
   
 5.8 
   
   
 3.7 
   
 
 
   Tax credits, federal and state 
   
   
 (13.5 
 ) 
   
 (19.8 
 ) 
   
 (4.9 
 ) 
 
 
   Release of reserve for uncertain tax positions for prior years 
   
   
 (4.8 
 ) 
   
 (3.9 
 ) 
   
 (0.8 
 ) 
 
 
   U.S. tax on foreign earnings, net of credits 
   
   
 (3.1 
 ) 
   
 18.9 
   
   
 0.7 
   
 
 
   Nondeductible stock-based compensation 
   
   
 2.1 
   
   
 2.6 
   
   
 1.9 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 0.2 
   
   
 1.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Income tax provision 
   
 
 
$ 
 332.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 122.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 96.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2014 included (1) $262.1 million of tax expense associated with a $750.0 million litigation
settlement payment received from Medtronic in May 2014 (see Note 4) and (2) $4.8 million of tax benefits from the remeasurement of uncertain tax positions.  

         The
federal research credit expired on December 31, 2011 and was reinstated on January 2, 2013. As a result, the effective income tax rates for the year ended
December 31, 2012 was calculated without a benefit for the federal research credit. The effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2013 included (1) an
$8.4 million benefit for the full year 2012 federal research credit and (2) $31.3 million of tax expense associated with the $83.6 million litigation award received from
Medtronic in February 2013 (see Note 4).  

 

 


 


 Reserve for Uncertain Tax Positions    

 

         As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, the liability for income taxes associated with uncertain tax positions was
$192.3 million and $127.7 million, respectively. The Company estimates that these liabilities would be reduced by $34.3 million and $30.9 million, respectively, from
offsetting tax benefits associated with the correlative effects of potential transfer pricing adjustments, state income taxes, and timing adjustments. The net amounts of $158.0 million and
$96.8 million, respectively, if not required, would favorably affect our effective tax rate.  

 86 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


16.    INCOME TAXES (Continued)  

         A
reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest, penalties, and foreign exchange, is as follows (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Unrecognized tax benefits, January 1 
   
 
 
$ 
 127.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 113.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 78.0 
   
 
 
   Current year tax positions 
   
   
 75.9 
   
   
 17.8 
   
   
 41.7 
   
 
 
   Increase prior year tax positions 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 5.7 
   
   
 2.6 
   
 
 
   Decrease prior year tax positions 
   
   
 (10.5 
 ) 
   
 (9.0 
 ) 
   
 (4.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (1.0 
 ) 
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
   
 (4.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Lapse of statutes of limitations 
   
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 (0.3 
 ) 
   
 (0.1 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Unrecognized tax benefits, December 31 
   
 
 
$ 
 192.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 127.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 113.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to uncertain tax positions in the provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2014, the Company had accrued
$6.8 million (net of $5.0 million tax benefit) of interest related to uncertain tax positions, and as of December 31, 2013, the Company had accrued $4.5 million (net of
$3.3 million tax benefit) of interest related to uncertain tax positions. During 2014, 2013, and 2012, the Company recognized interest expense, net of tax benefit, of $2.3 million,
$1.4 million, and $1.0 million, respectively, in " Provision for Income Taxes " on the consolidated statements of operations.  

         The
Company strives to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. While the Company has accrued for
matters it believes are more likely than not to require settlement, the final outcome with a tax authority may result in a tax liability that is more or less than that reflected in the consolidated
financial statements. Furthermore, the Company may later decide to challenge any assessments, if made, and may exercise its right to appeal. The uncertain tax positions are reviewed quarterly and
adjusted as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, proposed assessments by tax authorities, negotiations between
tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations,
or case law. Management believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result from these uncertain tax
positions.  

         At
December 31, 2014, all material state, local, and foreign income tax matters have been concluded for years through 2008. During the third quarter of 2013, the Internal Revenue
Service ("IRS") completed its fieldwork for the 2009 and 2010 tax years. The case is currently in suspense pending finalization of an Advance Pricing Agreement ("APA") and Joint Committee of Taxation
approval. The IRS began its examination of the 2011 and 2012 tax years during the fourth quarter of 2013.  

         The
Company has entered into an APA process between the Switzerland and the United States governments for the years 2009 through 2015 covering transfer pricing matters. These transfer
pricing matters are significant to the Company's consolidated financial statements, and the final outcome of the negotiations between the two governments is uncertain.  


         During
2014, the Company also filed with the IRS a request for a pre-filing agreement associated with a tax return filing position on a portion of the litigation settlement payment
received from Medtronic in May 2014 (see Note 4).  

 87 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   Table of Contents   

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   

 


 


16.    INCOME TAXES (Continued)   

 
        Management believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result for our uncertain tax
positions. Based upon the information currently available and numerous possible outcomes, the Company cannot reasonably estimate what, if any, changes in its existing uncertain tax positions may occur
in the next 12 months and thus has recorded the gross uncertain tax positions as a long-term liability. However, if the APA and/or pre-filing
agreement is finalized in the next 12 months, it is reasonably possible that these events could result in a significant change in the Company's uncertain tax positions within the next
12 months.  

 


 


17.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

 
        Edwards Lifesciences is or may be a party to, or may otherwise be responsible for, pending or threatened lawsuits related primarily to products and services currently or formerly
manufactured or performed, as applicable, by Edwards Lifesciences. Such cases and claims raise difficult and complex factual and legal issues and are subject to many uncertainties, including, but not
limited to, the facts and circumstances of each particular case or claim, the jurisdiction in which each suit is brought, and differences in applicable law. Upon resolution of any such legal matter or
other claim, Edwards Lifesciences may incur charges in excess of established reserves. The Company is not able to estimate the amount or range of any loss for legal contingencies for which there is no
reserve or additional loss for matters already reserved. While any such charge related to matters could have a material adverse impact on Edwards Lifesciences' net income or cash flows in the period
in which it is recorded or paid, management does not believe that any such charge relating to any currently pending lawsuit would have a material adverse effect on Edwards Lifesciences' financial
position, results of operations or liquidity.  

         Edwards
Lifesciences is subject to various environmental laws and regulations both within and outside of the United States. The operations of Edwards Lifesciences, like those of other
medical device companies, involve the use of substances regulated under environmental laws, primarily in manufacturing and sterilization processes. While it is difficult to quantify the potential
impact of continuing compliance with environmental protection laws, management believes that such compliance will not have a material impact on Edwards Lifesciences' financial position, results of
operations or liquidity.  

 


 


18.    SEGMENT INFORMATION   

 
        Edwards Lifesciences conducts operations worldwide and is managed in the following geographical regions: United States, Europe, Japan, and Rest of World. All regions sell products that
are used to treat advanced cardiovascular disease.  

         The
Company's geographic segments are reported based on the financial information provided to the Chief Operating Decision Maker (the Chief Executive Officer). The Company evaluates the
performance of its geographic segments based on net sales and income before provision for income taxes ("pre-tax income"). The accounting policies of the segments are substantially the same as those
described in Note 2. Segment net sales and segment pre-tax income are based on internally derived standard foreign exchange rates, which may differ from year to year, and do not include
inter-segment profits. Because of the interdependence of the reportable segments, the operating profit as presented may not be representative of the geographical distribution that would occur if the
segments were not interdependent. Net sales by geographic area are based on the location of the customer.  

         Certain
items are maintained at the corporate level and are not allocated to the segments. The non-allocated items include net interest expense, global marketing expenses, corporate
research and  

 88 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


18.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)  

 development
expenses, manufacturing variances, corporate headquarters costs, special gains and charges, stock-based compensation, foreign currency hedging activities, certain litigation costs, and
most of the Company's amortization expense. Although most of the Company's depreciation expense is included in segment pre-tax income, due to the Company's methodology for cost build-up, it is
impractical to determine the amount of depreciation expense included in each segment, and, therefore, a portion is maintained at the
corporate level. The Company neither discretely allocates assets to its operating segments, nor evaluates the operating segments using discrete asset information.  


         The
table below presents information about Edwards Lifesciences' reportable segments (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Segment Net Sales 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,047.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 939.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 812.1 
   
 
 
   Europe 
   
   
 741.4 
   
   
 622.2 
   
   
 577.0 
   
 
 
   Japan 
   
   
 270.8 
   
   
 293.7 
   
   
 293.4 
   
 
 
   Rest of World 
   
   
 285.1 
   
   
 252.8 
   
   
 236.0  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total segment net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,344.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,108.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,918.5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Segment Pre-tax Income 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 

 
$ 
 605.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 550.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 465.0 
   
 
 
   Europe 
   
   
 328.1 
   
   
 287.7 
   
   
 250.9 
   
 
 
   Japan 
   
   
 125.2 
   
   
 145.6 
   
   
 153.1 
   
 
 
   Rest of World 
   
   
 78.6 
   
   
 68.3 
   
   
 68.8  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total segment pre-tax income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,137.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,052.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 937.8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
table below presents reconciliations of segment net sales to consolidated net sales and segment pre-tax income to consolidated pre-tax income (in millions):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Net Sales Reconciliation 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Segment net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,344.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,108.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,918.5 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency 
   
   
 (21.7 
 ) 
   
 (62.8 
 ) 
   
 (18.9 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Consolidated net sales 
   
 

 
$ 
 2,322.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,045.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,899.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Pre-tax Income Reconciliation 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Segment pre-tax income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,137.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,052.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 937.8 
   
 
 
   Unallocated amounts: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Corporate items 
   
   
 (659.2 
 ) 
   
 (568.5 
 ) 
   
 (524.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Special charges 
   
   
 (70.7 
 ) 
   
 (16.3 
 ) 
   
 (16.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Intellectual property income (expense), net 
   
   
 740.4 
   
   
 61.5 
   
   
 (14.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Interest (expense) income, net 
   
   
 (10.8 
 ) 
   
 (5.2 
 ) 
   
 0.4 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency 
   
   
 6.8 
   
   
 (12.4 
 ) 
   
 5.1  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Consolidated pre-tax income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,144.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 511.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 388.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  89 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


18.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)  

 


 


Enterprise-Wide Information   

         Enterprise-wide information is based on actual foreign exchange rates used in the Company's consolidated financial statements.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of or for the Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2014  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Net Sales by Geographic Area 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 

 
$ 
 1,047.3 
   
 
 
$ 
 939.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 812.1 
   
 
 
   Europe 
   
   
 744.5 
   
   
 616.5 
   
   
 559.7 
   
 
 
   Japan 
   
   
 257.9 
   
   
 243.6 
   
   
 294.1 
   
 
 
   Rest of World 
   
   
 273.2 
   
   
 245.8 
   
   
 233.7  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 2,322.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,045.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,899.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Net Sales by Major Product Area 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy 
   
 
 
$ 
 943.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 707.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 552.1 
   
 
 
   Surgical Heart Valve Therapy 
   
   
 826.1 
   
   
 801.2 
   
   
 787.5 
   
 
 
   Critical Care 
   
   
 553.2 
   
   
 536.6 
   
   
 560.0  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 

 
$ 
 2,322.9 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,045.5 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,899.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Long-lived Tangible Assets by Geographic Area 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 
 
$ 
 347.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 308.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 263.4 
   
 
 
   Europe 
   
   
 42.1 
   
   
 40.9 
   
   
 38.8 
   
 
 
   Japan 
   
   
 8.5 
   
   
 10.8 
   
   
 13.2 
   
 
 
   Rest of World 
   
   
 93.9 
   
   
 97.1 
   
   
 84.2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 

 
$ 
 492.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 457.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 399.6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  90 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  

 


 


19.    QUARTERLY FINANCIAL RESULTS AND MARKET FOR THE COMPANY'S STOCK (UNAUDITED)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Years Ended December 31,

 

  
   
 First 
Quarter  
   
 Second 
Quarter  
   
 Third 
Quarter  
   
 Fourth 
Quarter  
   
 Total 
Year  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions, except per share data) 
   
 
 
   2014 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 522.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 575.1 
   
 
 
$ 
 607.4 
   
 

 
$ 
 618.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,322.9 
   
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 376.5 
   
   
 423.9 
   
   
 439.3 
   
   
 457.6 
   
   
 1,697.3 
   
 
 
   Net income(a) 
   
   
 60.3 
   
   
 547.0 
   
   
 94.6 
   
   
 109.2 
   
   
 811.1 
   
 
 
   Earnings per common share(a): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 0.57 
   
   
 5.18 
   
   
 0.89 
   
   
 1.02 
   
   
 7.62 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 0.56 
   
   
 5.09 
   
   
 0.87 
   
   
 1.00 
   
   
 7.48 
   
 
 
   Market price: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   High 
   
 
 
$ 
 75.62 
   
 
 
$ 
 88.19 
   
 
 
$ 
 104.69 
   
 
 
$ 
 134.29 
   
 
 
$ 
 134.29 
   
 
 
   Low 
   
   
 63.04 
   
   
 72.79 
   
   
 84.05 
   
   
 97.07 
   
   
 63.04 
   
 
 
   2013 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 496.7 
   
 
 
$ 
 517.2 
   
 

 
$ 
 495.6 
   
 
 
$ 
 536.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,045.5 
   
 
 
   Gross profit 
   
   
 375.7 
   
   
 393.6 
   
   
 367.4 
   
   
 392.2 
   
   
 1,528.9 
   
 
 
   Net income(b) 
   
   
 143.9 
   
   
 93.3 
   
   
 76.8 
   
   
 75.1 
   
   
 389.1 
   
 
 
   Earnings per common share(b): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 1.26 
   
   
 0.83 
   
   
 0.69 
   
   
 0.69 
   
   
 3.48 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 1.24 
   
   
 0.81 
   
   
 0.68 
   
   
 0.68 
   
   
 3.42 
   
 
 
   Market price: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   High 
   
 
 
$ 
 94.98 
   
 
 
$ 
 86.11 
   
 
 
$ 
 73.73 
   
 
 
$ 
 78.89 
   
 
 
$ 
 94.98 
   
 
 
   Low 
   
   
 78.10 
   
   
 62.34 
   
   
 65.03 
   
   
 60.62 
   
   
 60.62 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) The
first quarter of 2014 includes a $7.5 million charge to settle past and future obligations related to one of the Company's intellectual property
agreements; a $15.6 million charge to record a sales returns reserve and related costs for estimated Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy product returns expected upon introduction of
next-generation Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy products; and $5.5 million of external legal costs related to intellectual property litigation.   
 

 The
second quarter of 2014 includes a $750.0 million gain for an upfront payment received under a litigation settlement agreement; a $50.0 million charge for the contribution to the
Edwards Lifesciences Foundation; a $6.1 million charge to increase the Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy sales returns reserve; and $2.6 million of external legal costs related to
intellectual property litigation.  

 The
third quarter of 2014 includes a $16.0 million gain for the reversal of the Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy sales returns reserve upon delivery of next-generation products and a
$5.0 million charge related to the write down of an intangible asset, fixed assets, and inventory, and to record severance costs related to the Company's automated glucose monitoring program.
 

 The
fourth quarter of 2014 includes a $10.2 million charge related to the acquisition of IPR&D and a $3.5 million gain for the reversal of the Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy sales
returns reserve.   

 (b) The
first quarter of 2013 includes $83.6 million received in satisfaction of a jury award of damages for infringement of the Company's U.S. Andersen
transcatheter heart valve patent, including interest; and $5.5 million of external legal costs related to intellectual property litigation.  
  
 91 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)  


 


 


19.    QUARTERLY FINANCIAL RESULTS AND MARKET FOR THE COMPANY'S STOCK (UNAUDITED) (Continued)  
  
  

 The
second quarter of 2013 includes $5.5 million of external legal costs related to intellectual property litigation.  

 The
third quarter of 2013 includes $4.3 million of external legal costs related to intellectual property litigation.  

 The
fourth quarter of 2013 includes a $15.2 million charge to record a sales returns reserve and related costs for estimated Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy product returns expected upon
introduction of next-generation Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy products; a $10.4 million charge related primarily to severance associated with a global workforce realignment; a
$5.9 million charge to write off certain acquired IPR&D assets; and $6.8 million of external legal costs related to intellectual property litigation.   

 
  
  


 


20.    VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Additions  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Balance at 
Beginning 
of Period  
   
 Charged to 
Costs and 
Expenses  
   
 Charged to 
Other 
Accounts  
   
 Deductions 
From 
Reserves  
   
 Balance at 
End of 
Period  
   
 
 
   
   
 (in millions) 
   
 
 
   Year ended December 31, 2014 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts(a) 
   
 
 
$ 
 12.2 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.8 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (1.7 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 11.3 
   
 
 
   Inventory reserves(b) 
   
   
 29.6 
   
   
 43.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (40.6 
 ) 
   
 32.2 
   
 
 
   Tax valuation allowance(c) 
   
   
 46.4 
   
   
 2.0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.7 
 ) 
   
 47.7 
   
 
 
   Year ended December 31, 2013 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts(a) 
   
 
 
$ 
 12.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 2.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 (2.2 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 12.2 
   
 
 
   Inventory reserves(b) 
   
   
 16.3 
   
   
 27.5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (14.2 
 ) 
   
 29.6 
   
 
 
   Tax valuation allowance(c) 
   
   
 38.6 
   
   
 8.2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 46.4 
   
 
 
   Year ended December 31, 2012 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts(a) 
   
 
 
$ 
 19.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.0 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.4 
   
 
 
$ 
 (10.4 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 12.0 
   
 
 
   Inventory reserves(b) 
   
   
 12.9 
   
   
 21.8 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (18.4 
 ) 
   
 16.3 
   
 
 
   Tax valuation allowance(c) 
   
   
 32.4 
   
   
 3.1 
   
   
 5.2 
   
   
 (2.1 
 ) 
   
 38.6 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) The
deductions related to allowances for doubtful accounts represent accounts receivable which are written off and product which is returned from customers.
 (b) Inventory
reserves result from inventory which is obsolete, nearing its expiration date, damaged, or slow moving. The deductions related to inventory
reserves represent inventory that has been disposed.
 (c) The
tax valuation allowances are provided for other-than-temporary impairments and unrealized losses related to certain investments that may not be
recognized due to the uncertainty of the ready marketability of certain impaired investments, and net operating loss and credit carryforwards that may not be recognized due to insufficient taxable
income.   
  
  92 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 Table of Contents   

   
       Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure          

         None.   

   
       Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures          

          Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.     The Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer,
performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of December 31, 2014.  

         Based
on their evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded as of December 31, 2014 that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are
designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective in providing reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

          Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.     The Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial
Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation, the Company's management concluded that its internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2014. The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014 has been
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.  

          Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.     There have been no changes in the Company's internal controls over financial
reporting that
occurred during the Company's fourth fiscal quarter of 2014 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.  

   
       Item 9B.    Other Information          

         None.  

 93 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART III          

   
       Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance          

         Certain information required by this Item is set forth under the headings "Corporate Governance," "Executive Compensation and Other
Information—Executive Officers," and "Other Matters and Business—Additional Information" and "—Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in
the definitive proxy materials to be filed in connection with its 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Proxy Statement") (which Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2014). The information required by this Item to be contained in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. To the extent required
by applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the New York Stock Exchange, the Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to all directors and
employees, including the Company's principal executive officer, principal financial officer and controller or persons performing similar functions. The code of ethics (business practice standards) is
posted on the Company's website, which is found at www.edwards.com under "Investors." To the extent required by applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the New York Stock
Exchange, the Company intends to disclose on its website any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of its code of ethics that apply to the Company's directors and executive officers, including
the principal executive officer, principal financial officer or controller or persons performing similar functions.   

   
       Item 11.    Executive Compensation          


         The information contained under the heading "Executive Compensation and Other Information" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated
herein by reference.   

   
       Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters          

         The information contained under the headings "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" and "Equity Compensation
Plan Information" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.   

   
       Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence          

         The information contained under the heading "Other Matters and Business—Related Party Transactions" and under the heading
"Corporate Governance—Director Independence" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.   


   
       Item 14.    Principal Accounting Fees and Services          

         The information contained under the heading "Audit Matters—Fees Paid to Principal Accountants" in the Proxy Statement is
incorporated herein by reference.  

 94 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART IV          


   
       Item 15.    Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules          


 


 


EXHIBITS FILED WITH SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Description  
 
 
   
 3.1 
   
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation dated May 16, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 8-K dated
May 17, 2013) 
 
 
   
 3.2 
   
 Bylaws of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation amended and restated as of February 20, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 8-K dated February 26,
2014) 
 
 
   
 4.1 
   
 Specimen form of certificate representing Edwards Lifesciences Corporation common stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' Registration Statement on Form 10 (File
No. 001-15525) filed on March 15, 2000) 
 
 
   
 4.2 
   
 Indenture, dated as of September 6, 2013, between Edwards Lifesciences Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 in Edwards Lifesciences'
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-191022) filed on September 6, 2013) (the "Indenture") 
 
 
   
 4.3 
   
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 3, 2013, to the Indenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 8-K, filed October 3, 2013) ("First
Supplemental Indenture") 
 
 
   
 4.4 
   
 Form of Global Note for the 2.875% Senior Notes due 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A in the First Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 8-K,
filed October 3, 2013) 
 
 
   
 10.1 
   
 Five-Year Credit Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2014, among Edwards Lifesciences Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries, as Borrowers; the lenders signatory thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative
Agent, Swing Line Lender and Issuing Bank; JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents; and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., HSBC Bank USA, National Association, PNC Bank, National Association,
The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., and U.S. Bank National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 8-K, filed July 24, 2014) 
 
 
   
 +10.2 
   
 Settlement Agreement, dated May 19, 2014, between Edwards Lifesciences and Medtronic, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended June 30, 2014) 
 
 
   
 *10.3 
   
 Form of Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2003) 
 
 
   
 *10.4 
   
 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Amended and Restated Employment Agreement for Michael A. Mussallem dated March 30, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on
Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009) 
 
 
   
 *10.5 
   
 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Amended and Restated Chief Executive Officer Change-in-Control Severance Agreement, dated October 9, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in Edwards Lifesciences'
report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2012) 
 
 
 
  
  95 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Description  
 
 
   
 *10.6 
   
 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Change-in-Control Severance Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 in Edward Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
September 30, 2012) 
 
 
   
 *10.7 
   
 Long-Term Stock Incentive Compensation Program, as amended and restated as of February 20, 2014 (the "Long-Term Stock Program") (incorporated by reference to Appendix A in Edwards Lifesciences' Definitive
Proxy Statement filed on March 28, 2014) 
 
 
   
 *10.8 
   
 Amendment No. 1 to Long-Term Stock Program, dated November 13, 2014 
 
 
   
 *10.9 
   
 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Participant Stock Option Statement and related Long-Term Stock Incentive Compensation Program Global Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2011) 
 
 
   
 *10.10 
   
 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Participant Restricted Stock Unit Statement and related Long-Term Stock Incentive Compensation Program Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.2 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2011) 
 
 
   
 *10.11 
   
 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Statement and related Long-Term Stock Incentive Compensation Program Global Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2012) 
 
 
   
 *10.12 
   
 Nonemployee Directors Stock Incentive Program, as amended and restated as of May 14, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
ended June 30, 2013) 
 
 
   
 *10.13 
   
 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Participant Stock Option Statement and related Nonemployee Directors Stock Incentive Program Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.2 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013) 
 
 
   
 *10.14 
   
 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Nonemployee Directors Stock Incentive Program Restricted Stock Units Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q
for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2011) 
 
 
   
 *10.15 
   
 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Nonemployee Directors Stock Incentive Program Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for
the quarterly period ended March 31, 2011) 
 
 
   
 *10.16 
   
 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Severance Pay Plan, restated effective January 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
ended March 31, 2013) 
 
 
   
 *10.17 
   
 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective November 9, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011) 
 
 
   
 *10.18 
   
 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation of Puerto Rico Savings and Investment Plan, as amended and restated January 1, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012) 
 
 
 
  
  96 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Description  
 
 
   
 *10.19 
   
 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan, as amended and restated January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2012) 
 
 
   
 *10.20 
   
 Amendment #1 to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan, dated April 1, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012) 
 
 
   
 *10.21 
   
 Amendment #2 to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan, dated September 13, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012) 
 
 
   
 *10.22 
   
 Amendment #3 to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan, dated October 21, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012) 
 
 
   
 *10.23 
   
 Amendment #4 to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan, dated November 12, 2014 
 
 
   
 *10.24 
   
 2001 Employee Stock Purchase Plan for United States Employees, as amended and restated November 10, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Appendix B in Edwards Lifesciences' Definitive Proxy Statement filed on
March 29, 2013) 
 
 
   
 *10.25 
   
 2001 Employee Stock Purchase Plan for International Employees, as amended and restated February 20, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Appendix B in Edwards Lifesciences' Definitive Proxy Statement filed on
March 28, 2014) 
 
 
   
 *10.26 
   
 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation 2010 Edwards Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix C in Edwards Lifesciences' Definitive Proxy Statement filed March 31, 2010) 
 
 
   
 *10.27 
   
 Edwards Lifesciences' Officer Perquisite Program Guidelines, as of February 20, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2012) 
 
 
   
 *10.28 
   
 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2011) 
 
 
   
 12.1 
   
 Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
 
 
   
 21.1 
   
 Subsidiaries of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation 
 
 
   
 23 
   
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 
   
 24 
   
 Power of Attorney (see the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 
 
   
 31.1 
   
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 
   
 31.2 
   
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 
   
 32 
   
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 
 
  
  97 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit No.  
   
 Description  
 
 
   
 101 
   
 The following financial statements from Edwards Lifesciences' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the
Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of
Stockholders' Equity and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 + Pursuant
to a request for confidential treatment, confidential portions of this exhibit have been redacted and have been filed separately with the Securities
and Exchange Commission
 * Represents
management contract or compensatory plan   
  
  98 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

   
   
   SIGNATURES          

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 
 
  February 20, 2015 
   
  By: 
   
 /s/ MICHAEL A. MUSSALLEM 


 

    Michael A. Mussallem   Chairman of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
  
          We,
the undersigned officers and directors of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation, hereby severally constitute and appoint Denise E. Botticelli and Aimee S. Weisner, and each of them
singly, our true and lawful attorneys, with full power to them and each of them singly, to sign for us in our names in the capacities indicated below, all amendments to this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, and generally to do all things in our names and on our behalf in such capacities to enable Edwards Lifesciences Corporation to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act of
1934, as amended, and all requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Signature

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL A. MUSSALLEM 


 

    Michael A. Mussallem 
   
   Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 
   
 February 20, 2015 
 
 
   /s/ SCOTT B. ULLEM 


 

    Scott B. Ullem 
   
   Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 
   
   February 20, 2015 
 
 
   /s/ ROBERT W.A. SELLERS 



 

    Robert W.A. Sellers 
   
   Vice President, Corporate Controller 
(Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
   February 20, 2015 
 
 
 /s/ MIKE R. BOWLIN 



 

    Mike R. Bowlin 
   
 Director 
   
 February 20, 2015 
 
 
 /s/ JOHN T. CARDIS 


 

    John T. Cardis 
   
 Director 
   
 February 20, 2015 
 
 
 
  
  99 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Signature

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 /s/ KIERAN T. GALLAHUE 


 

    Kieran T. Gallahue 
   
 Director 
   
 February 20, 2015 
 
 
 /s/ ROBERT A. INGRAM 


 

    Robert A. Ingram 
   
 Director 
   
 February 20, 2015 
 
 
 /s/ WILLIAM J. LINK, PH.D. 


 

    William J. Link, Ph.D. 
   
 Director 
   
 February 20, 2015 
 
 
 /s/ BARBARA J. MCNEIL, M.D., PH.D. 


 

    Barbara J. McNeil, M.D., Ph.D. 
   
 Director 
   
 February 20, 2015 
 
 
 /s/ NICHOLAS J. VALERIANI 


 

    Nicholas J. Valeriani 
   
 Director 
   
 February 20, 2015 
 
 
 /s/ WESLEY W. VON SCHACK 


 

    Wesley W. von Schack 
   
 Director 
   
 February 20, 2015 
 
 
 
  
  100 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
